<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20211214_10-K_edgar_data_1413488_0001079973-21-001237.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4873185</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>374333</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>304901</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1406032</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1425848</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1245764</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001079973-21-001237.hdr.sgml : 20211214
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20211214171532
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001079973-21-001237
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		63
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20210831
FILED AS OF DATE:		20211214
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20211214

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			CANNABIS GLOBAL, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001413488
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BIOLOGICAL PRODUCTS (NO DIAGNOSTIC SUBSTANCES) [2836]
		IRS NUMBER:				831754057
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0831

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-56141
		FILM NUMBER:		211491905

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		520 S. GRAND AVENUE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 320
		CITY:			LOS ANGELES
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90071
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(310) 986-4929

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		520 S. GRAND AVENUE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 320
		CITY:			LOS ANGELES
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90071

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	MCTC Holdings, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20190220

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	MICROCHANNEL TECHNOLOGIES CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20070925

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001079973-21-001237.txt : 20211214

10-K
 1
 cbgl_10k-083121.htm
 FORM 10-K

UNITED STATES 
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
Washington, D.C. 20549 

 FORM 10-K 

(Mark One) 

[X] 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES
 EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the Fiscal Year Ended August 31, 2021 

Or 

[_] 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES
 EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the Transition Period From to 

Commission File Number 000-27039 

CANNABIS GLOBAL, INC. 

 (Exact name of registrant
as specified in its charter) 

Nevada 
(State or other jurisdiction of 
incorporation or organization) 

83-1754057 
 (I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification No.) 

520 S. Grand Avenue, Suite 320 
 Los Angeles, California 
 (Address of principal executive offices) 

90071 
(Zip Code) 

(310) 986-4929 
(Registrant's telephone number, including area code) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of
the Act: None 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of
the Act: None 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known
seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes [_] No [X] 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required
to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act . Yes [_] No [X] 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1)
has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. 

 Yes [X] No [_] 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has
submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted
pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that
the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes [X] No [_] 

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent
filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of the registrant s
knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this
Form 10-K. [_] 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a
large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of large
accelerated filer, accelerated filer and smaller reporting company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark
if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards
provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. [_] 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a
shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes [_] No [X] 

The aggregate market value of common equity held
by non-affiliates of the Registrant as of August 31, 2020 was approximately 2,323,757. 

As of August 31, 2021, the end of 2021 fiscal year,
there were 84,940,028 shares of the registrant s common stock outstanding. 

 As December _, 2021, there were 134,055,661 shares
of the registrant s common stock outstanding. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 
 
 PART I 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 3 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 20 
 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 31 
 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 31 
 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 31 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 31 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 32 
 
 Item 6. 
 Selected Financial Data 
 37 
 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 37 
 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure About Market Risk 
 55 
 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 56 
 
 Item 9. 
 Changes In and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 57 
 
 Item 9A 
 Controls and Procedures 
 57 
 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 59 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 60 
 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 61 
 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 64 
 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 65 
 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 67 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 68 
 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 73 

2 

PART I. 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 

This annual report on Form
10-K (including, but not limited to, the following disclosures regarding our Business) contains forward-looking statements regarding our
business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Words such as expects, anticipates, intends, 
 plans, believes, seeks, estimates and similar expressions or variations of such
words are intended to identify forward-looking statements, but are not the exclusive means of identifying forward-looking statements in
this annual report on Form 10-K. Additionally, statements concerning future matters such as the development of new products, enhancements
or technologies, sales levels, expense levels and other statements regarding matters that are not historical are forward-looking statements. 

 Forward-looking statements
in this annual report on Form 10-K reflect our good faith judgment based on facts and factors currently known to us. Forward-looking statements
are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties and actual results and outcomes may differ materially from the results and outcomes
discussed in or anticipated by the forward-looking statements. Readers are urged not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking
statements, which speak only as of the date of this annual report on Form 10-K. We undertake no obligation to revise or update any forward-
looking statements in order to reflect any event or circumstance that may arise after the date of this annual report on Form 10-K. Readers
are urged to carefully review and consider the various disclosures made in this annual report on Form 10-K, which attempt to advise interested
parties of the risks and factors that may affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

 Unless otherwise noted
or the context indicates otherwise we, us, our, or Company refers to Cannabis
Global, Inc. 

 References to Management 
in this filing mean the senior officers of the Company. See Directors and Executive Officers. Any statements in this filing
made by or on behalf of Management are made in such persons capacities as officers of the Company and not in their personal capacities. 

 We present our Financial
Statements in United States dollars. Unless otherwise indicated, all references to dollar amounts in this filing are to United States
dollars. Reference to United States or U.S. are references to the United States of America. 

 Company History 

 Cannabis Global, Inc. is
located at 520 S. Grand Avenue, Suite 320, Los Angeles, California 90071. Our telephone number is (310) 986-4929 and our website is www.cannabisglobalinc.com.
Our shares of Common Stock are quoted on the OTC Markets Pink Tier, operated by OTC Markets Group, Inc., under the ticker symbol CBGL. 

 The Company was incorporated
on February 28, 2005 in Nevada as MultiChannel Technologies, Inc. MultiChannel ), a wholly owned subsidiary of Octillion
Corp. Octillion ), a Canadian corporation traded on the OTC Markets under the symbol OCTL . On April 4, 2005,
MultiChannel changed its name to MicroChannel Technologies Corporation MicroChannel ). On June 24, 2008, MicroChannel announced
that it initiated trading of its stocks on the OTC Bulletin Board under the stock symbol MCTC . 

3 

On June
25, 2015, our majority shareholders and directors abandoned the Company, resulting in our corporate charter in Nevada to be revoked. On
August 21, 2017, Custodial Management, LLC, a shareholder of the Company, filed a complaint with the Eighth Judicial District Court of
Nevada for custodianship over the corporation (Case No. A-17-760130-P). The Court granted a receivership over the Company and Custodial
Management brought the Company back into compliance with the State of Nevada and the 1934 Securities and Exchange Act. 

 On June
27, 2018, we changed domiciles from the State of Nevada to the State of Delaware, and thereafter reorganized under the Delaware Holding
Company Statute. On or about July 12, 2018, we formed two subsidiaries for the purpose of effecting the reorganization. We incorporated
MCTC Holdings, Inc. and MCTC Holdings Inc. incorporated MicroChannel Corp. We then effected a merger involving the three constituent entities,
and under the terms of the merger we were merged into MicroChannel Corp., with MicroChannel Corp. surviving and our separate corporate
existence ceasing. Following the merger, MCTC Holdings, Inc. became the surviving publicly traded issuer, and all of our assets and liabilities
were merged into MCTC Holdings, Inc. s wholly owned subsidiary MicroChannel Corp. Our shareholders became the shareholders of MCTC
Holdings, Inc. on a one for one basis. 

 On May 25,
2019, Lauderdale Holdings, LLC, a Florida limited liability company, and beneficial owner 70.7 of our issued and outstanding common stock,
sold 130,000,000 common shares, to Mr. Robert Hymers, Mr. Edward Manolos and Mr. Dan Nguyen, all of whom were previously unaffiliated
parties of the Company. Each individual purchased 43,333,333 common shares for 108,333 or an aggregate of 325,000. These series of transactions
constituted a change in control. 

 2019 Developments to Date 

 On July 1, 2019, the Company
entered into a 100 business acquisition with Action Nutraceuticals, Inc., a company owned by our CEO, Arman Tabatabaei in exchange for
 1,000 (see Related Party Transactions ). 

 On April
18, 2020, we formed a subsidiary Hemp You Can Feel, Inc., a California corporation HYCF ),
as a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. HYCF is focused on the research and development of industrial hemp and industrial
hemp-based CBD products. HYCF s operations are currently suspended pending regulatory guidance from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration
regarding hemp and CBD, as is more fully discussed in this filing. 

 On
September 11, 2019, we formed a subsidiary Aidan Co, Inc. Aidan a California corporation as a wholly owned subsidiary
of the Company. Aidan will be engaged in various related business opportunities. At this time Aidan has no operations. 

On
December 4, 2019, our shareholders approved and authorized (i) re-domiciling the Company from Delaware to Nevada; (ii) changing the name
of the Company from MCTC Holdings, Inc. to Cannabis Global, Inc.; and, (iii) seeking a corresponding change of name and new trading symbol
for the Company with FINRA. 

On
March 30, 2020, we filed Articles of Conversion with the Delaware Secretary of State, electing to convert and re-domicile the Company
from a Delaware corporation to a newly formed Nevada corporation named Cannabis Global, Inc. Concurrently, the Registrant filed Articles
of Incorporation and Articles of Domestication with the Nevada Secretary of State incorporating the Registrant in Nevada under the name
Cannabis Global, Inc. and accepting the re-domicile of Registrant s Delaware corporation. There was no change to the Registrant s
fiscal year end. 

4 

RXLeaf Marketing
and Sales Agreement 

On
May 6, 2020, the Company signed a joint venture agreement with RxLeaf, Inc. RxLeaf a Delaware corporation, creating a
joint venture for the purpose of marketing the Company s products to consumers. Under the terms of the agreement, the Company will
produce products, which will be sold by RX Leaf via its digital marketing assets. The Company agreed to share the profits from the joint
venture on a 50/50 basis. 

Whisper Weed
Development Stage Project 

 On
July 22, 2020, we signed a management agreement with Whisper Weed, Inc., a California corporation Whisper Weed ). Edward
Manolos, our director, is a shareholder in Whisper Weed (see Related Party Transactions ). Whisper Weed conducts licensed
delivery of cannabis products in California. The material definitive agreement requires the parties to create a separate entity, CGI Whisper
W, Inc. in California as a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. The business of CGI Whisper W, Inc. will be to provide management services
for the lawful delivery of cannabis in the State of California. The Company will manage CGI Whisper W, Inc. operations. In exchange for
the Company providing management services to Whisper Weed through the auspices of CGI Whisper W, Inc., the Company will receive as consideration
a quarterly fee of 51 of the net profits earned by Whisper Weed. As separate consideration for the transaction, the Company agreed to
issue to Whisper Weed 150,000 in the Company s restricted common stock, valued for purposes of issuance based on the average closing
price of the Company s common stock for the twenty days preceding the entry into the material definitive agreement. Additionally,
the Company agreed to amend its articles of incorporation to designate a new class of preferred shares. The preferred class will be designated
and issued to Whisper Weed in an amount equal to two times the quarterly payment made to the Company. The preferred shares will be convertible
into the Company s common stock after 6 months and shall be senior to other debts of the Company. The conversion to common stock
will be based on a value of common stock equal to at least two times the actual sales for the previous 90-day period. The Company agreed
to include in the designation the obligation to make a single dividend payment to Whisper Weed equal to 90 of the initial quarterly net
profits payable by Whisper Weed. As of December 10, 2021, the Company has not issued the common or preferred shares, and the business
is in the development stage. The management agreement may be terminated, at the unanimous election of the Whisper Weed Board of Directors
upon the occurrence of any event, or the existence of any condition beyond the reasonable control of the parties, which prevents the business
operation outlined in the agreement from functioning in a manner consistent with the purpose of the agreement or to otherwise to make
it impossible to carry out its purpose, and such event or condition cannot be corrected within a reasonable time, at a reasonable expense. 

 Our
Acquisition of a Controlling Interest in Natural Plant Extract of California 

 We acquired
56.5 of Natural Plant Extract of California, Inc. NPE in the following three transactions. NPE operates a licensed psychoactive
cannabis manufacturing and distribution business operation in Lynwood, California. 

5 

On August
31, 2020, we entered into a stock purchase agreement with Robert L. Hymers III Hymers ). Pursuant to the Stock Purchase
Agreement, the Company purchased from Hymers 266,667 shares of common stock of NPE in exchange for 2,040,000. The purchased shares of
common stock represent 18.8 of the outstanding capital stock of NPE on a fully diluted basis. In connection with the stock purchase agreement,
we became a party to a Shareholders Agreement, dated June 5, 2020, by and among Alan Tsai, Hymers, Betterworld Ventures, LLC, Marijuana
Company of America, Inc. and NPE. The Shareholders Agreement contains customary rights and obligations, including restrictions on the
transfer of the Shares. On June 11, 2021, the Company and Hymers amended the stock purchase agreement to exchange the Registrant s
obligations to make monthly payments, for our issuance of a Convertible Note for the same amount, with principal and interest due on June
11, 2022. The Convertible Note also provides Hymers with the right to convert outstanding principal and interest into our common stock
at a fixed price of 0.04 per share, unless, at the time the amounts due under this Note are eligible for conversion, the Securities and
Exchange Commission has not enacted any amendment to the provisions of Rule 144(d)(iii) or other provision in a manner that would adversely
affect the tacking of variable rate securities. In such event the Conversion Price shall equal 60 of the lowest trading price of the
Company s Common Stock for the 10 trading days immediately preceding the delivery of a Notice of Conversion to the Company. 

 On January 27, 2021, we entered
into a stock purchase agreement with Edward Manolos, our director and related party. Pursuant to the MDA, the Company purchased from Mr.
Manolos 266,667 shares of common stock of NPE, representing 18.8 of the outstanding capital stock of NPE on a fully diluted basis. Under
the terms of the stock purchase agreement, we acquired all beneficial ownership over the NPE shares in exchange for a purchase price of
two million forty thousand dollars 2,040,000). In lieu of a cash payment, we agreed to issue Mr. Manolos 11,383,929 restricted common
shares, valued at 0.1792 per share. 

 On February 16, 2021, we purchased
266,667 shares of common stock of NPE from Alan Tsai, in exchange for the issuance of 1,436,368 common shares. Other than with respect
to the transaction, there was no material relationship between Mr. Tsai and the Registrant. By virtue of the transaction, we acquired
18.8 of the outstanding capital stock of NPE, bringing our total beneficial ownership in NPE to 56.5 . By virtue of our 56.5 ownership
over NPE, we control production, manufacturing, and distribution of both NPE and Company products. 

 Comply Bag 

 On November
16, 2020, we entered into a business acquisition agreement with Ethos Technology LLC, dba Comply Bag, a California limited liability company Ethos ). Ethos is a development stage business in the process of entering the market for cannabis trackable storage bags.
By virtue of the agreement, Ethos sold, assigned, and transferred to the Company all of Ethos business, including all of its assets
and associated liabilities, in exchange for the Company s issuance of an aggregate of 6,000,000 common shares. 3,000,000 shares
were due at signing, with 1,500,000 shares being issued to Edward Manolos, and 1,500,000 shares being issued to Thang Nguyen. Mr. Manolos
is our director and a related party. Mr. Nguyen is the brother of Dan Van Nguyen, our director, and a related party. After Ethos ships
orders for Ethos products equaling 1,000,000 to unaffiliated parties, the Company will issue to Messrs. Manolos and Nguyen an additional
1,500,000 shares of common stock each. At the closing we sold an aggregate 3,000,000 shares of Company common stock, par value 0.001,
equal in value to 177,000 based on the closing price on November 16, 2020. Of the total sold, 1,500,000 shares of common stock were sold
to Edward Manolos and 1,500,000 shares of common stock were sold to Thang Nguyen. We issued the above shares of its common stock
pursuant to the exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, available to the Company by Section
4(a)(2) promulgated thereunder since it was an isolated issuance and did not involve a public offering of securities. 

 Northern Lights Distribution
Agreement 

 In April, 2021, we signed a cannabis
distribution agreement with Northern Lights Distribution, Inc. (NLD), a wholly owned subsidiary of NPE. NLD has a California cannabis
distribution agreement allowing it to distribute cannabis and cannabis products in California. 

6 

Joint Venture with Marijuana Company of America 

On May 12,
2021, The Company and Marijuana Company of America (MCOA) agreed to operate a joint venture through a new Nevada corporation named MCOA
Lynwood Services, Inc. The parties agreed to finance a regulated and licensed laboratory to produce various cannabis products under the
legal framework outlined by the City of Lynwood, California, Los Angeles County, and the State of California. We own a controlling interest
in Natural Plant Extract of California, Inc., which operates a licensed cannabis manufacturing operation in Lynwood, California. As its
contribution the joint venture, MCOA agreed to purchase and install equipment for joint venture operations, which will then be rented
to the joint venture, and also provide funding relating to marketing the products produced by the capital equipment. We agreed to provide
use of our manufacturing and distribution licenses; access to the Lynwood, California facility; use of the specific areas within the Lynwood
Facility suitable for the types of manufacturing selected by the joint venture; and, management expertise require to carry on the joint
venture s operations. Our ownership of the joint venture was agreed to be 60 to us and 40 with MCOA. Royalties from profits realized
as the result of sales of products from the joint venture were also agreed to be distributed as 60 to us and 40 to MCOA. MCOA contributed
 135,000 of cash to the joint venture for its operations. The joint venture may be terminated by the unanimous election of the board of
directors and shareholders; if an unforeseeable event occurs which prevents the joint venture from carrying out its purpose; or, if events
otherwise occur which prevents the joint venture from carrying out its purpose, and those events cannot be corrected in a reasonable amount
of time. 

 Business Overview 

 Current Operations 

 Natural Plant Extract
of California, Inc. 

 The Company
operates and manages Natural Plant Extract of California, Inc. (NPE) which holds two active California cannabis licenses: (i) a Type 7
Manufacturing License; and, (ii) a Distribution License. These licenses allow NPE to distribute cannabis products in the State of California.
Our operations at the NPE facility emphasize product manufacturing and distribution. We began taking customer orders for products manufactured
at the NPE facility on April 21, 2021. These products included several types of cannabis products, including: 

Cannabis flower packaged in various weights, which are sold to California
licensed cannabis retailers and distributors; 

Cannabis Pre-rolls, which are sold to California licensed cannabis retailers
and distributors; and, 

Cannabis edible products, which are sold to California licensed cannabis
retailers and distributors 

 The cannabis
products are Schedule 1 Controlled Substances under the Controlled Substances Act, and so are illegal under federal law. 

 Our sales
from the above product categories amount to 97 of our operating revenues. Our cannabis research and development efforts have not generated
material revenue as of the date of this filing. 

 Comply Bag 

Comply Bag features a multi-layer,
low-density polyethylene outer shell that protects valuable shipments and allows manufacturers, buyers, and processors full view of contents
to assess quality. Each Comply Bag contains financial institution-grade tamper-evident seams, self-sealing closures, and sequential
numbering to ensure what is sent is what is received. In addition, because all U.S. states have implemented specific regulations for the
tracking and tracing of cannabis shipments from seed to sale, Comply Bags features regulator demanded tracking features, such as
those required in the California Cannabis Track-and-Trace (CCTT) system, including Unique Identifier Tags (UID) mandated by California
via its contracted service provider, METRC, Inc. The Comply Bag is currently available for purchase. 

7 

Cannabis-Related Research and Development 

We also have an active research
and development program primarily focused on creating and commercialize engineered technologies delivering hemp extracts and cannabinoids
to the human body. Additionally, we invest, or provide managerial services, in specialized areas of the regulated hemp and cannabis industries. 

Our R D programs included the following: 

1. 
 Development of new routes and vehicles for hemp extract and cannabinoid delivery to the human body. 

2. 
 Production of unique polymeric nanoparticles and fibers for use in oral and dermal cannabinoid delivery. 

3. 
 Research and commercialization of new methodologies to isolate and/or concentrate various cannabinoids and other substances that comprise industrial hemp oil and other extracts. 

4. 
 Establishment of new methods to increase the bioavailability of cannabinoids to the human body utilizing nanoparticles and other proven bioenhancers, including naturally occurring and insect produced glycosides. 

5. 
 Development of other novel inventions for the delivery of cannabinoids to the human body, which at this time are considered trade secrets by the Company. 

The Company s strategy is
to develop a growing portfolio of intellectual property relating to the processing of hemp extracts and cannabinoids into forms that are
easily and efficiently delivered to the human body and to companion animals. 

The Company owns no issued patents.
The Company s patent activity to date is disclosed below. There are two categories of patents: (i) expired provisional patent applications
which the Company now maintains as trade secrets; and, (ii) filed patent applications currently pending review by the U.S. Patent and
Trademark Office (U.S.P.T.O.) and the International Patent Cooperation Union. 

Expired Provisional Patents 

A provisional patent application is a document issued
by the U.S.P.T.O., that helps protect a new invention from being copied during the 12-month period before a formal patent application
is filed. It is intended to give an inventor time to explore the idea, test its commercial feasibility, or refine a product before committing
to the expensive and time-intensive process of a formal application. The Company filed the following provisional patent applications but
chose not to pursue the filing of formal patent applications. The provisional patents thus lapsed 12 months after each respective filing,
and the Company now maintains the intellectual properties related to each expired provisional patent application as a trade secret. Each
of the following provisional patent applications were filed with the U.S.P.T.O. 

8 

Cannabinoid Delivery System and Method of Making 

This provisional patent was filed September 13, 2019
(U.S. #62/900,181). A formal patent application was required to be filed by September 13, 2020. The Company chose to not pursue a formal
patent application for this method patent and decided to maintain the intellectual properties as trade secrets. The provisional patent
dealt the infusion of cannabis compounds into pharmaceuticals, foods, and beverages. 

Water Soluble Compositions With Enhanced Bioavailability 

This provisional patent was filed September 24, 2019
(U.S. #62/905,129). A formal patent application was required to be filed by September 24, 2020. The Company chose to not pursue a formal
patent application for this method patent and decided to maintain the intellectual properties as trade secrets. The provisional patent
dealt the infusion of cannabis compounds into pharmaceuticals, foods, and beverages. 

Printed Shape Changing Article for the Delivery
of Cannabinoids 

This provisional patent was filed October 1, 2019
(U.S. #62/909,189). A formal patent application was required to be filed by October 1, 2020. The Company chose to not pursue a formal
patent application for this method patent and decided to maintain the intellectual properties as trade secrets. The provisional patent
dealt the infusion of cannabis compounds into pharmaceuticals, foods, and beverages. 

Electrosprayed and Electrospun Cannabinoid Compositions 

This provisional patent was filed November 4, 2019
(U.S. #62/930,358). A formal patent application was required to be filed by November 4, 2020. The Company chose to not pursue a formal
patent application for this method patent and decided to maintain the intellectual properties as trade secrets. The provisional patent
dealt the infusion of cannabis compounds into pharmaceuticals, foods, and beverages. 

Cannabinoid Enriched Composition and Method
of Treating a Medical Condition Therewith 

This provisional patent was filed December 11, 2019
(U.S. #62/946,894). A formal patent application was required to be filed by December 11, 2020. The Company chose to not pursue a formal
patent application for this method patent and decided to maintain the intellectual properties as trade secrets. The provisional patent
dealt the infusion of cannabis compounds into pharmaceuticals, foods, and beverages. 

 Article, Method and Apparatus for Producing
a Cannabinoid Enriched Beverage 

 This provisional patent was filed January 16, 2020
(U.S. #62/962,040). A formal patent application was required to be filed by January 16, 2021. The Company chose to not pursue a formal
patent application for this method patent and decided to maintain the intellectual properties as trade secrets. The provisional patent
dealt the infusion of cannabis compounds into pharmaceuticals, foods, and beverages. 

 Printed Shape Changing Article for Delivery
of Cannabinoids 

 This provisional patent was
filed September 23, 2020 U.S. (#62/082,399). A formal patent application was required to be filed by September 23, 2021. The Company chose
to not pursue a formal patent application for this method patent and decided to maintain the intellectual properties as trade secrets.
The provisional patent dealt the infusion of cannabis compounds into pharmaceuticals, foods, and beverages. 

9 

Filed Pending Patent Applications 

A Cannaboside Composition and Method to Produce 

 This patent application was
filed on January 18, 2021 (U.S.P.T.O. #17/151,607) and is currently pending review by the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office. The Company
currently filed this patent application for international patent protection through the Patent Cooperation Treaty (PCT/US2021/013830).
The Patent Cooperation Treaty was ratified by the United States and 152 other countries which constitute the International Patent Cooperation
Union for the cooperation in the filing, searching, and examination, of applications for the protection of inventions, and for rendering
special technical services amongst the treaty members. The application is pending. This patent application seeks protection for a method
to allow the easier mixing of cannabis into foods and beverages. Generally, cannabis extracts are oil-based and do not mix well with water-based
foods and beverages. The technology invented by the company involves feeding oil-based cannabis extracts to insects. The insects then
process the extracts through their bodies resulting in water-based compounds being excreted in the insect bodies. These newly created
water-soluble compounds can then be harvested for use in foods, beverages, or pharmaceuticals. The patent claims coverage of both the
process to create the compounds, and the use of the compounds in foodstuffs and pharmaceutical preparations. 

 Electrosprayed and Electrospun Cannabinoid
Compositions and Process to Produce 

 This patent application was
filed on November 4, 2020 (U.S.P.T.O. #17/089,497 and is currently pending review by the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office. The Company
currently filed this patent application for international patent protection through the Patent Cooperation Treaty (PCT/US2020/058937).
The Patent Cooperation Treaty was ratified by the United States and 152 other countries which constitute the International Patent Cooperation
Union for the cooperation in the filing, searching, and examination, of applications for the protection of inventions, and for rendering
special technical services amongst the treaty members. The application is pending. The compositions invented by the company are nanoparticles
and nanofibers made from cannabinoids. Nanoparticles and nanofibers are very small units of a substance. In the case of the technologies
invented by the company, the units of cannabinoids created are in the areas between 100 nanometer and 700 nanometers wide. One nanometer
is equal to one billionth of a meter. It is thought that cannabinoids of these sizes are more available to the human body and can be utilized
in a host of different product applications to increase efficacy. An added feature of the invented technology is that the nanoparticles
and nanofibers are based on all natural ingredients. This differs, in the company's opinion, significantly from other preparations that
previously existed. Considering growing consumer taste for clean label products, the company believes natural compositions of cannabinoids
will be highly preferred by consumers. 

 Cannabinoid Enriched Composition and Method
of Using 

 This patent application was
filed on December 11, 2020 (U.S.P.T.O. 17/120,042) and is currently pending review by the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office. The Company
currently filed this patent application for international patent protection through the Patent Cooperation Treaty (PCT/US2021/64683).
The Patent Cooperation Treaty was ratified by the United States and 152 other countries which constitute the International Patent Cooperation
Union for the cooperation in the filing, searching, and examination, of applications for the protection of inventions, and for rendering
special technical services amongst the treaty members. The application is pending. This patent application was filed on December 11, 2020
(U.S.P.T.O. 17/120,042) and is currently pending review by the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office. The Company currently filed this patent
application for international patent protection through the Patent Cooperation Treaty (PCT/US2021/64683). The Patent Cooperation Treaty
was ratified by the United States and 152 other countries which constitute the International Patent Cooperation Union for the cooperation
in the filing, searching, and examination, of applications for the protection of inventions, and for rendering special technical services
amongst the treaty members. The application is pending. Specifically, the technology for which the company seeks protection are cannabinoids
in the form of free-flowing powders that can be used in foods and beverages. The Company believes use of the technology could potentially
significantly lower manufacturing costs for numerous manufacturers. Cannabinoids are typically sticky and unstable substances that are
difficult to work with relative to the manufacturing of foods, beverages, and pharmaceutical products. The cannabinoid containing free-flowing
powders invented by the company are significantly easier for manufacturers to utilize, thus potentially reducing manufacturing costs. 

10 

Trademarks 

Trademark Hemp You Can Feel On August 27, 2019, the Company filed a trademark application with the U.S.P.T.O. for its Hemp You Can Feel trade name. The U.S. Application Serial Number is 88595425. On June 24, 2020, the Company received a Notice of Nonfinal Office Action from the USPTO indicating the Company would have six months to respond to issues presented the Company by USPTO or be abandoned. The Company plans to re-file the application. 

Trademark Gummies You Can Feel . The Company received a Notice of Allowance from the USPTO on March 24, 2020. The U.S. Serial Number for the trademark is 88590925. 

Trademark Comply Bag . During January of 2021, the Company filed a trademark application with the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO) for its Comply Bag trade name. The application is pending. 

There can be no assurance any trademark protection will be provided, or that we will be successful in protecting our trademarks if issued. 

Hemp You Can Feel Products Suspended
Operations 

 Our Hemp You Can Feel products
reflect our research and development into hemp infused foods and beverages. Our research and development focus are solely on Industrial
Hemp containing .3 or less of THC. As of the date of this filing, our Hemp You Can Feel Product research and development operations
are suspended pending regulatory guidance from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration. We intend to restart our research and development
if and when the FDA issues regulatory guidance on the labeling, manufacturing and regulatory approval of industrial hemp and hemp-based
CBD products under the Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act. 

 To date, our research and development consisted of
development of the following products, none of which are available for sale as of the date of this filing: 

Hemp You Can Feel Alcohol Replacement Cocktail Mixers This is a line of alcohol-free cocktail mixers marketed online via our own website site and via our marketing partners. All products in this line test as having non-detectable levels of THC. 

11 

Hemp You Can Feel Coffee Products This is a line of hemp infused coffee products. All products in this line test as having non-detectable levels of THC. 

Hemp You Can Feel Gummies This is a line of all-natural hemp infused candy products. All products in this line test as having non-detectable levels of THC. 

Hemp You Can Feel Sweeteners A line of natural and artificial sweeteners. 

Hemp You Can Feel Coffee Pod and Single Serving Beverage Pod Infusion System Based on internally developed technology and those developed by the Company s contract research organization, the Company developed product lines consisting of infusion technologies designed to easily and to accurately dose single serving coffee and other beverage pods. 

Polymeric Nanoparticles and Polymeric
Nanofibers Research Program 

 The Company has an active
research and development program to develop novel polymeric nanoparticles and nanofibers of cannabinoids and hemp extracts. Polymeric
nanoparticles are very small solid particles with a size in the range of 10 1000 nanometers (nm or billionth of a meter) and are
made of biodegradable and biocompatible polymers or copolymers, in which cannabinoids or other active ingredients can be entrapped or
encapsulated. Polymeric nanoparticles are noted for and have attractive characteristics, such as small size, near water solubility, high
degrees of bioavailability, long shelf life and stability during storage. These properties are thought to be especially beneficial relative
to delivery of cannabinoids and hemp extracts to the human body. 

 Polymeric nanofibers are
fibers with diameters several orders of magnitude smaller than conventional fibers, typically in the size range of a few nanometers to
one micrometer. Due to their large surface areas per unit mass and extremely small pore size, these nanofibers demonstrate unique properties,
making the technology especially well-suited to transdermal delivery of active ingredients, including cannabinoids. 

 Project Varin 

 The primary
goal of Project Varin is the development of THC-V delivery methods that improve bioavailability of the cannabinoid to the human body.
The project was recently expanded to include cannabinol (CBN) an additional rare cannabinoid. 

 In the first
stage of the program researchers produced THC-V polymeric nanoparticles and nanofibers based on the Company s patent-pending technologies.
In the second phase of development, the Company plans to apply its ongoing cannabinoid glycosides research to THC-V, in order to produce
THC-V with unparalleled levels of availability at minimal usage levels. 

12 

As a result of Project Varin,
the Company has developed several new methods to produce cannabinoid nanoparticles and nanofibers, which the Company plans to formulate
into food and beverage ingredients for used in its own products or to be sold to other companies for inclusion in food, beverage, or other
consumer goods. The Company plans to continue other areas of delivery systems research via Project Varin including its programs pertaining
to cannabinoid glycosides, polymeric cannabinoid nanoparticles and nanofibers, and its hemp extract-based alcohol replacement technologies. 

Edible, Dissolvable Film Enhanced with
Solid Nanoparticles of Cannabinoids Research Program 

 The Company is seeking to commercialize
a unique invention of edible, disposable film enhanced with solid nanoparticles of cannabinoids under an agreement with Kirby Padgett,
LLC, a California limited liability company, entered into during June of 2019. Management believes there are numerous applications for
such a product, such as a container for ready-made foods, protein powders, vitamins, and nutraceuticals that can be simply dropped into
cold beverages, thus allowing the consumer to avoid additional steps of mixing ingredients. Additionally, since the film is impregnated
with what is believed to be highly bioavailable cannabinoids, the film will perhaps serve a dual purpose as a delivery vehicle for cannabinoids
to the body. Future versions of the film could include ingredients such as vitamins, trace minerals or active pharmaceutical ingredients.
On June 6, 2019, the Company entered into a joint intellectual property ownership and consulting agreement with Kirby Padgett, LLC,
a California Limited liability company in order to more fully develop and to commercialize the invention. Any intellectual property developed
under the collaboration effort will be considered joint property with all rights, title and interest assigned jointly to the Company and
Kirby. Each Party shall work with the other Party relative to all business and monetization of such new Joint Intellectual Property and
neither Party shall have any preferred rights over the other. Additionally, either party shall have the right to market the new invention
with any and all revenues, costs, and profits to be shared on a fifty percent/fifty percent (50 /50 shares by the parties. All expenses
will be agreed to in advance, with each Party sharing based on predetermined percentages of such expenses. 

 Industry Overview 

 Industrial Hemp 

 Industrial Hemp (Cannabis sativa
L.) has been cultivated by humans for thousands of years. Hemp was originally cultivated as a source of fibers with most of this early
cultivation occurring in temperate climates, thus most genotypes had very low tetrahydrocannabinol (THC) content. Hemp was introduced
into North America in the early part of the 17th century, and it played an important part in early American agriculture throughout the
18th and 19th centuries, with cultivation in virtually every one of the original American colonies. 

13 

Hemp seed oil became an important
industrial input that was used in inks, paints, varnishes, and many other products. The proliferation of cotton cultivation and the significant
profitability of tobacco cultivation in the mid-1800s led to a sharp decline in hemp production. From the mid 1800s through the pre-World
War II period, hemp cultivation continued at relatively low levels. During World War II, hemp production increased to meet the military
needs for fibers to support various industrial production. 

 The early 1930 s was a
period when higher THC strains of cannabis native to southeast Asia were introduced to North America and Western Europe and as a result,
psychoactive strains became associated with very low THC containing industrial strains that were being cultivated in North America. This
resulted in efforts to prohibit the cultivation and possession of Cannabis sativa L. in the United States. 

 Since 1937, Cannabis sativa
L. has been a federally regulated Schedule I illegal drug under the Controlled Substances Act, 21 U.S.C. 811 (the CSA ),
regulated by the Drug Enforcement Agency (the DEA ). 

 It was not until 2014 when a
distinction between the use of Cannabis sativa L. for medical, recreational, and industrial purposes was made via Section 7606 of the
Agricultural Act of 2014, which cleared a legal path for industrial hemp to be grown in three limited circumstances, 1) by researchers
at an institute of higher education, 2) by state departments of agriculture, or 3) by farmers participating in a research program permitted
and overseen by a state department of agriculture. 

 In 2016 the DEA, U.S. Department
of Agriculture, and the FDA issued a joint statement detailing the guidelines for growth of industrial hemp as part of state-sanctioned
research programs. Those guidelines state that hemp can only be sold in states with pilot programs, plants and seeds can only cross state
lines as part of permitted state research programs, and seeds can only be imported by individuals registered with the DEA. 

 We believe the recent passage
of the 2018 Farm Bill will allow the Company to expand its marketplace opportunities. On December 20, 2018, President Donald J. Trump
signed into law the Agriculture Improvement Act of 2018, otherwise known as the Farm Bill . Prior to its passage, hemp, a
member of the cannabis family, and hemp-derived CBD were classified as a Schedule I controlled substances, and so illegal under the CSA.
With the passage of the Farm Bill, hemp cultivation is broadly permitted. The Farm Bill explicitly allows the transfer of hemp-derived
products across state lines for commercial or other purposes. It also puts no restrictions on the sale, transport, or possession of hemp-derived
products, so long as those items are produced in a manner consistent with the law. 

 Under Section 10113 of the Farm
Bill, hemp cannot contain more than 0.3 percent THC. THC refers to the chemical compound found in cannabis that produces the psychoactive
 high associated with cannabis. Any cannabis plant that contains more than 0.3 percent THC would be considered non-hemp cannabis or
marijuana under federal law and would thus face no legal protection under this new legislation and would be an illegal Schedule
1 drug under the CSA. 

 Additionally, there will be
significant, shared state-federal regulatory power over hemp cultivation and production. Under Section 10113 of the Farm Bill, state departments
of agriculture must consult with the state s governor and chief law enforcement officer to devise a plan that must be submitted
to the Secretary of the United States Department of Agriculture (hereafter referred to as the USDA ). A state s plan
to license and regulate hemp can only commence once the Secretary of USDA approves that state s plan. In states opting not to devise
a hemp regulatory program, USDA will construct a regulatory program under which hemp cultivators in those states must apply for licenses
and comply with a federally run program. This system of shared regulatory programming is similar to options states had in other policy
areas such as health insurance marketplaces under the Affordable Care Act, or workplace safety plans under Occupational Health and Safety
Act both of which had federally-run systems for states opting not to set up their own systems. 

14 

The Farm Bill outlines actions
that are considered violations of federal hemp law (including such activities as cultivating without a license or producing cannabis with
more than 0.3 THC). The Farm Bill details possible punishments for such violations, pathways for violators to become compliant, and even
which activities qualify as felonies under the law, such as repeated offenses. 

 One of the goals of the previous
2014 Farm Bill was to generate and protect research into hemp. The 2018 Farm Bill continues this effort. Section 7605 re-extends the protections
for hemp research and the conditions under which such research can and should be conducted. Further, section 7501 of the Farm Bill extends
hemp research by including hemp under the Critical Agricultural Materials Act. This provision recognizes the importance, diversity, and
opportunity of the plant and the products that can be derived from it, but also recognizes that there is still a lot to learn about hemp
and its products from commercial and market perspectives. 

 The FDA regulates product manufacturing
and labeling under the Food Drug and Cosmetic Act. Products containing CBD are not included in the definition of a dietary supplement
under the Act. FDA is currently evaluating the regulatory frameworks that apply to certain cannabis and hemp-derived products that are
intended for non-drug uses, including whether any new FDA regulations may be warranted (see below). 

 Psychoactive Cannabis 

 A total of 35 states, District
of Columbia, Guam, Puerto Rico, and U.S. Virgin Islands have approved some form of cannabis legalization or decriminalization.
These laws are in direct conflict with the United States Federal CSA, which places controlled substances, including cannabis, in a schedule.
Cannabis is classified as a Schedule I drug, which is viewed as having a high potential for abuse, has no currently accepted use for medical
treatment in the U.S., and lacks acceptable safety for use under medical supervision. 

 Medical cannabis decriminalization
is generally referred to as the removal of all criminal penalties for the private possession and use of cannabis by adults, including
cultivation for personal use and casual, nonprofit transfers of small amounts. Legalization is generally referred to as the development
of a legally controlled market for cannabis, where consumers purchase from a safe, legal, and regulated source. 

 The dichotomy between federal
and state laws has limited the access to banking and other financial services by marijuana businesses. The U.S. Department of Justice
and the U.S. Department of Treasury have issued guidance for banks considering conducting business with marijuana dispensaries in states
where those businesses are legal, pursuant to which banks must file a Marijuana Limited Suspicious Activity Report that states the marijuana
business is following the government s guidelines with regard to revenue that is generated exclusively from legal sales. However,
as banks can still face prosecution if they provide financial services to marijuana businesses, there is widespread refusal of the banking
industry to offer banking services to marijuana businesses operating within state and local laws. 

 In November 2016, California
approved marijuana use for adults over the age of 21 without a physician s prescription or recommendation, and permitted the cultivation
and sale of marijuana, in each case subject to certain limitations. Despite the changes in state laws, marijuana remains illegal under
federal law. 

 In November 2016, California
voters approved Proposition 64, which is also known as the Adult Use of Marijuana Act the AUMA ), in a ballot initiative.
Among other things, the AUMA makes it legal for adults over the age of 21 to use marijuana and to possess up to 28.5 grams of marijuana
flowers and 8 grams of marijuana concentrates. Individuals are also permitted to grow up to six marijuana plants for personal use. In
addition, the AUMA establishes a licensing system for businesses to, among other things, cultivate, process, and distribute marijuana
products under certain conditions. On January 1, 2018, the California Bureau of Marijuana Control enacted regulations to implement the
AUMA. 

15 

The U.S. Department of Justice
(the DOJ has not historically devoted resources to prosecuting individuals whose conduct is limited to possession of small
amounts of marijuana for use on private property but has relied on state and local law enforcement to address marijuana activity. In the
event the DOJ reverses its stated policy and begins strict enforcement of the CSA in states that have laws legalizing medical marijuana
and recreational marijuana in small amounts, there may be a direct and adverse impact to our business and our revenue and profits. 

 We are monitoring the Biden
administration s, the DOJ s and Congress positions on federal marijuana law and policy. Since the start of the new
Congress in January 2021, there have been positive discussions about the Federal Government s approach to cannabis. The DOJ has
not signaled any change in their enforcement efforts. Based on public statements and reports, we understand that certain aspects of those
laws and policies are currently under review, but no official changes have been announced. It is possible that certain changes to existing
laws or policies could have a negative effect on our business and results of operations. 

 Although the possession, cultivation,
and distribution of marijuana for medical and adult use is permitted in California, provided compliance with applicable state and local
laws, rules, and regulations, marijuana is illegal under federal law. We believe we operate our business in compliance with all state
and local laws and regulations. Any changes in federal, state, or local law enforcement regarding marijuana may affect our ability to
operate our business. Strict enforcement of federal law regarding marijuana would likely result in the inability to proceed with our business
plans, could expose us to potential criminal liability and could subject our properties to civil forfeiture. Any changes in banking, insurance
or other business services may also affect our ability to operate our business. 

 FDA Regulation of Hemp Extracts 

 The United States Food 
Drug Administration FDA is generally responsible for protecting the public health by ensuring the safety, efficacy, and
security of (1) prescription and over the counter drugs; (2) biologics including vaccines, blood blood products, and cellular and
gene therapies; (3) foodstuffs including dietary supplements, bottled water, and baby formula; and, (4) medical devices including heart
pacemakers, surgical implants, prosthetics, and dental devices. 

 Regarding its regulation of
drugs, the FDA process requires a review that begins with the filing of an investigational new drug (IND) application, with follow on
clinical studies and clinical trials that the FDA uses to determine whether a drug is safe and effective, and therefore subject to approval
for human use by the FDA. 

 Aside from the FDA s mandate
to regulate drugs, the FDA also regulates dietary supplement products and dietary ingredients under the Dietary Supplement Health and
Education Act of 1994. This law prohibits manufacturers and distributors of dietary supplements and dietary ingredients from marketing
products that are adulterated or misbranded. This means that these firms are responsible for evaluating the safety and labeling of their
products before marketing to ensure that they meet all the requirements of the law and FDA regulations, including, but not limited to
the following labeling requirements: (1) identifying the supplement; (2) nutrition labeling; (3) ingredient labeling; (4) claims; and,
(5) daily use information. 

 The FDA has not approved cannabis,
marijuana, hemp, or derivatives as a safe and effective drug for any indication. As of the date of this filing, we have not, and do not
intend to file an IND with the FDA, concerning any of our products that contain CBD derived from industrial hemp or cannabis to be delivered
in the State of California. Further, our products containing CBD derived from industrial hemp are not marketed or sold using claims that
their use is safe and effective treatment for any medical condition subject to the FDA s jurisdiction. 

16 

The FDA has concluded that products
containing cannabis or industrial hemp derived CBD are excluded from the dietary supplement definition under sections 201(ff)(3)(B)(i)
and (ii) of the U.S. Food, Drug Cosmetic Act, respectively. The FDA s position is that products containing cannabis, CBD or
derivatives are Schedule 1 drugs under the Controlled Substances Act, and so are illegal. Our products containing CBD derived from industrial
hemp or cannabis delivered in the State of California are not marketed or sold as dietary supplements. However, at some indeterminate
future time, the FDA may choose to change its position concerning generally cannabis and products containing hemp derived CBD and may
choose to enact regulations that are applicable to such products. In this event, our industrial hemp-based products containing CBD and
cannabis may be subject to regulation. 

 Effective on July 1, 2019, the
Company acquired Action Nutraceuticals, Inc., a California Corporation Action Nutraceuticals and its assets from our CEO,
Arman Tabatabaei, in exchange for 1,000 (see Related Party Transactions ). Action Nutraceuticals is a developmental stage
company engaged in research and development relating to powdered soft drink, coffee, and tea mixes containing non-psychoactive CBD. No
intellectual property, patents or trademarks were acquired in the transaction. 

 The Company s research
and development efforts will center on methodologies to infuse hemp extracts, CBD, and other cannabinoids into highly bioavailable powders
to be used in the Company s products or sold to other manufacturers. The Company plans to utilize its internally developed infusion
technologies, technical knowhow and equipment acquired from Action Nutraceuticals to develop, manufacture and sell consumer-oriented powdered
drink mixes that include industrial hemp derived, non-psychoactive CBD as an ingredient. All products sold are being specifically developed
with a composition containing less than three-tenths of one percent (0.3 of THC concentration by dry weight. As of the date of this
filing, our Hemp You Can Feel Product research and development operations are suspended pending regulatory guidance from the U.S. Food
and Drug Administration. We intend to restart our research and development if and when the FDA issues regulatory guidance on the use of
hemp and hemp-based CBD. 

 The Drug Enforcement Administration has issued
a rule regarding the scheduling of hemp and marijuana manufactured cannabinoids 

 The ruling creates uncertainty
relating to the regulatory status of the manufactured cannabinoids we are researching and developing. Should the DEA conclude that manufactured
cannabinoids are regulated under the CSA, we might not be able to continue to our plans to continue the research and development of possible
products based on manufactured cannabinoids. This could affect our business opportunities in the future. 

 The Rule states there are only
four conforming changes, The rule reiterates these changes outlined below were already mandated under the 2018 Farm Bill: DEA s
regulatory authority over any plant with less than 0.3 THC content on a dry weight basis, and any of the plant s derivatives under
the 0.3 THC content limit, is removed as a result. 

1. 
 The definition of Tetrahydrocannabinols on Schedule I of the official Schedule of Controlled Substances is modified to carve out any material, compound, mixture, or preparation that falls within the definition of hemp (as defined in the 2018 Farm Bill, i.e., any plant with less than 0.3 THC content on a dry weight basis, and any of the plant s derivatives under the 0.3 THC). 

17 

Regardless of what any product label may say (i.e., hemp or otherwise), if a product has more than 0.3 Delta-9 THC, it is a controlled substance. 

Regardless of being hemp-derived, if the derivative, extract or product has more than 0.3 Delta-9 THC, it is a controlled substance. 

None of these changes, alters or affects the FDA s jurisdiction over products containing cannabis and cannabis-derived compounds. 

Naturally occurring THCs in cannabis are not controlled substances so long as they are at or under the 0.3 Delta-9 THC threshold. Any of those that are above the 0.3 Delta-9 THC threshold are controlled substances. 

Synthetically derived THCs are all controlled substances, regardless of THC content. 

Sales and Marketing 

 The Company recently began
sales and marketing activities for its products and inventions. The Company primarily plans to market its non-psychoactive products via
a white label strategy where the company produces products marketed and sold by other companies. The Company also plans
to market its products directly to consumers. 

 Please reference the section
labeled Risk Factors to our Business for additional information. 

 Significant Customers 

 The company has no significant
customers. 

 Competition 

 We are entering markets
that are highly competitive. 

 Relative to our prospects
for commercializing polymeric nanoparticles and nanofibers, there are many competitors with various approaches to cannabinoid infusion
for foods, beverages and other consumer products. While these currently available technologies are not directly competitive with us, such
technologies may be viewed as being directly competitive by the marketplace in the future. Many of the current market participants are
well established with considerable financial backing. We expect the quality and composition of the competitive market in the hemp processing
environment to continue to evolve as the industry matures. Additionally, increased competition is possible to the extent that new states
and geographies enter into the marketplace as a result of continued enactment of regulatory and legislative changes that de-criminalize
and regulate cannabis and hemp products, including the 2018 Farm Bill. We believe the contemporaneous growth of the industry as a whole
will result in new customers entering the marketplace, thereby further mitigating the impact of competition on our expected operations
and results relating to our hemp processing businesses. 

 Employees 

The Company has one employee,
CEO, Arman Tabatabaei. Additionally, the Company relies on the services of numerous consultants who perform various tasks for the Company.
Our U.S employee is not represented by a labor union. 

18 

Legal Proceedings 

The Company is not aware of any pending legal proceedings
that will have a material adverse effect on the Company s business, consolidated financial position, results of operations, or cash
flows. 

Our Common and Preferred Shares 

The corporation is authorized to issue up to 500,000,000
shares of Common Stock with a par value of .001 per share. As of August 31, 2021, there were 84,940,028
shares issued and outstanding. 

Our Certificate of Incorporation
of the Corporation (the Certificate of Incorporation authorizes the issuance of up to ten million (10,000,000) shares of
preferred stock, par value 0.0001 per share, of the Corporation Preferred Stock in one or more series, and expressly authorizes
the Board of Directors of the Corporation (the Board ), subject to limitations prescribed by law, to provide, out of the unissued
shares of Preferred Stock, for series of Preferred Stock, and, with respect to each such series, to establish and fix the number of shares
to be included in any series of Preferred Stock and the designation, rights, preferences. One Series of Preferred shares has been designated
named Series A Preferred. The number of Shares constituting such series is eight million (8,000,000). As of August 31, 2021, 6,000,000
shares have been issued. With respect to payment of assets upon liquidation, dissolution, or winding up of the Corporation, whether voluntary
or involuntary, all Shares of the Series A Preferred Stock shall rank senior to all Junior Securities. Series A is not eligible to participate,
receive or accrue dividends. Each holder of outstanding Shares of Series A Preferred Stock shall be entitled to vote with holders of outstanding
shares of Common Stock, voting together as a single class, with respect to any and all matters presented to the stockholders of the Corporation
for their action or consideration (whether at a meeting of stockholders of the Corporation, by written action of stockholders in lieu
of a meeting or otherwise. Each Share of Series A Preferred Stock shall be entitled to fifty (50) votes for every Share of Series A Preferred
Stock. 

19 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 

An investment in our common stock involves a number
of very significant risks. You should carefully consider the following risks and uncertainties in addition to other information in this
filing in evaluating our company and our business before purchasing our securities. Our business, operating results and financial condition
could be seriously harmed as a result of the occurrence of any of the following risks. You could lose all or part of your investment due
to any of these risks. You should invest in our common stock only if you can afford to lose your entire investment. 

Risks Related to Our Business 

We may need additional
capital in the future, which could dilute the ownership of current shareholders, or we may be unable to secure additional funding in the
future or to obtain such funding on favorable terms. 

 To the extent that we raise
additional equity capital, existing shareholders will experience dilution in the voting power and ownership of their shares of common
stock, and earnings per share, if any, would be negatively impacted. Our inability to use our equity securities, including our pending
S-1 equity line financing with Dutchess Capital, LP, to finance our operations could materially limit our growth. Any borrowings made
to finance operations could make us more vulnerable to a downturn in our operating results, a downturn in economic conditions, or increases
in interest rates on borrowings that are subject to interest rate fluctuations. The amount and timing of such additional financing needs
will vary principally depending on the timing of new product launches, investments and/or acquisitions, and the amount of cash flow from
our operations. If our resources are insufficient to satisfy our cash requirements, we may seek to issue additional equity or debt securities
or credit facility. If our cash flow from operations is insufficient to meet any debt service requirements, we could be required to sell
additional equity securities, refinance our obligations, or dispose of assets in order to meet debt service requirements. There can be
no assurance that any financing will be available to us when needed or will be available on terms acceptable to us. Our current pending
equity line financing with Dutchess Capital, LP is not effective as of the date of this filing and there is no guarantee that it will
be made effective. Our failure to obtain other sufficient financing on favorable terms and conditions could have a material adverse effect
on our growth prospects and our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

 Uncertainty of profitability 

 Our business strategy may result
in meaningful volatility of revenues, loses and/or earnings. As we will only develop a limited number of business efforts, services and
products at a time, our overall success will depend on a limited number of business initiatives, which may cause variability and unsteady
profits and losses depending on the products and/or services offered and their market acceptance. 

Our revenues and our profitability
may be adversely affected by economic conditions and changes in the market for our products. Our business is also subject to general economic
risks that could adversely impact the results of operations and financial condition. 

Because of the anticipated nature
of the products that we offer and attempt to develop, it is difficult to accurately forecast revenues and operating results and these
items could fluctuate in the future due to a number of factors. These factors may include, among other things, the following: 

Our ability to raise sufficient capital to take advantage of opportunities
 and generate sufficient revenues to cover 
 expenses. 

Our ability to source strong opportunities with sufficient risk adjusted returns. 

20 

Our ability to manage our capital and liquidity requirements based on changing market conditions. 

The amount and timing of operating and other costs and expenses. 

The nature and extent of competition from other companies that may reduce market share and create pressure on pricing and investment return expectations. 

We have incurred
losses since our inception, have yet to achieve profitable operations and anticipate that we will continue to incur losses for the foreseeable
future. 

 Even if we obtain more
customers or increase sales to our existing customers, there is no guarantee we will be able to generate a profit. Because we are a small
company and have limited capital, we must limit our products and services. Because we will be limiting our marketing activities, we may
not be able to attract enough customers to buy our products to operate profitably. 

 We do not have sufficient
cash on hand. 

 As of August 31, 2021,
we had 30,813 of cash on hand. Our cash resources are not sufficient for us to execute our business plan. If we do not generate
sufficient cash from our intended financing activities and sales, we will be unable to continue our operations. We estimate that
within the next 12 months we will need at least 840,000 in cash from either investors or operations. While we intend to engage in
future financings, there is no assurance that these will actually occur. Nor can we assure our shareholders that we will not be required
to obtain additional financing on terms that are dilutive of their interests. You should recognize that if we are unable to generate
sufficient revenues or obtain debt or equity financing, we will not be able to earn profits and may not be able to continue operations. 

 We may not be able
to continue our business as a going concern. 

 The Company's financial
statements are prepared using the generally accepted accounting principles applicable to a going concern, which contemplates the realization
of assets and liquidation of liabilities in the normal course of business. However, the Company has accumulated a deficit of 13,437,020
as of August 31, 2021. Management plans to raise additional capital through the sale of shares of Common Stock to pursue business development
activities, but there are no assurances of success relative to the efforts. 

 If we are not able
to raise enough funds, we may not be able to successfully develop and market our products and our business may fail. 

 We will need additional
financing to meet our obligations and to continue our business. Although we plan to raise funds through our Common Stock Share Purchase
Agreement with Dutchess Capital, this equity line of financing and the associated Form S-1 registration statement is pending with the
SEC and not effective as of the date of this filing, and we cannot guarantee that the registration will be made effective, or that we
will secure additional commitments for financing otherwise. 

 Our business may
suffer if we are unable to attract or retain talented personnel. 

 Our success will depend
in large measure on the abilities, expertise, judgment, discretion, integrity, and good faith of Management, as well as other personnel.
We have a small management team, and the loss of a key individual or our inability to attract suitably qualified replacements or additional
staff could adversely affect our business. Our success also depends on the ability of Management to form and maintain key commercial relationships
within the marketplace. No assurance can be given that key personnel will continue their association or employment with us or that replacement
personnel with comparable skills will be found. If we are unable to attract and retain key personnel and additional employees, our business
may be adversely affected. We do not maintain key-man life insurance on any of our executive employees. 

21 

The loss of key Management
personnel could adversely affect our business 

 We depend on the continued
services of our executive officer and senior consulting team as they work closely with independent associate leaders and are responsible
for our day-to-day operations. Our success depends in part on our ability to retain executive officers, to compensate executive officers
at attractive levels, and to continue to attract additional qualified individuals to our management team. Although we have entered into
an employment agreement with our Chief Executive Officer, and do not believe our Chief Executive Officer is planning to leave or retire
in the near term, we cannot assure you that our Chief Executive Officer or senior managers to be hired will remain with us. The loss or
limitation of the services of any of our executives or members of our senior management team, or the inability to attract additional qualified
management personnel, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, or independent
associate relations. 

 The lack of available
and cost-effective directors and officer s insurance coverage in our industry may cause us to be unable to attract and retain qualified
executives, and this may result in our inability to further develop our business 

 Our business depends on
attracting independent directors, executives, and senior management to advance our business plans. We currently do not have directors
and officer s insurance to protect our directors, officers, and the company against the possible third-party claims. This is due
to the significant lack of availability of such policies in the cannabis industry at reasonably competitive prices. As a result, the Company
and our executive directors and officers are susceptible to liability claims arising by third parties, and as a result, we may be unable
to attract and retain qualified independent directors and executive management causing the development of our business plans to be impeded
as a result. 

 If we fail to maintain
satisfactory relationships with future customers, our business may be harmed. 

 Due to competition or other
factors, we could lose business from our future customers, either partially or completely. The future loss of one or more of our significant
customers or a substantial future reduction of orders by any of our significant customers could harm our business and results of operations.
Moreover, our customers may vary their order levels significantly from period to period and customers may not continue to place orders
with us in the future at the same levels as in prior periods. In the event that in the future we lose any of our larger customers, we
may not be able to replace that revenue source. This could harm our financial results. 

 Management of growth will
be necessary for us to be competitive 

Successful expansion of our business
will depend on our ability to effectively attract and manage staff, strategic business relationships, and shareholders. Specifically,
we will need to hire skilled management and technical personnel as well as manage partnerships to navigate shifts in the general economic
environment. Expansion has the potential to place significant strains on financial, management, and operational resources, yet failure
to expand will inhibit our profitability goals. 

22 

We cannot guarantee
that we will succeed in achieving our goals, and our failure to do so would have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects,
financial condition, and operating results 

 Some of business initiatives
in the hemp and cannabis sectors are new and are only in the early stages of commercialization. As is typical in a new and rapidly evolving
industry, demand and market acceptance for recently introduced products and services are subject to a high level of uncertainty and risk.
Because the market for our Company is new and evolving, it is difficult to predict with any certainty the size of this market and its
growth rate, if any. We cannot guarantee that a market for our Company will develop or that demand for our products will emerge or be
sustainable. If the market fails to develop, develops more slowly than expected or becomes saturated with competitors, our business, financial
condition and operating results would be materially adversely affected 

 Our chosen method
for cannabinoid delivery is controversial with an unproven safety of efficacy. 

 The safety profile relative
to oral consumption of polymeric or other forms of nanoparticles is unproven. There can be no guarantee of a proven safety profile for
any of our emerging technologies. 

 We may be unable to respond
to the rapid technological change in the industry and such change may increase costs and competition that may adversely affect our business 

Rapidly changing technologies,
frequent new product and service introductions and evolving industry standards characterize our market. The continued growth of the Internet
and intense competition in our industry exacerbates these market characteristics. Our future success will depend on our ability to adapt
to rapidly changing technologies by continually improving the performance features and reliability of our products and services. We may
experience difficulties that could delay or prevent the successful development, introduction or marketing of our products and services.
In addition, any new enhancements must meet the requirements of our current and prospective customers and must achieve significant market
acceptance. We could also incur substantial costs if we need to modify our products and services or infrastructures to adapt to these
changes. We also expect that new competitors may introduce products or services that are directly or indirectly competitive with us. These
competitors may succeed in developing products and services that have greater functionality or are less costly than our products and services
and may be more successful in marketing such products and services. Technological changes have lowered the cost of operating communications,
computer systems and purchasing software. These changes reduce our cost of selling products and providing services, but also facilitate
increased competition by reducing competitors costs in providing similar services. This competition could increase price competition
and reduce anticipated profit margins. 

The failure to enforce and
maintain our intellectual property rights could adversely affect the value of the Company. 

The success of our business will
partially depend on our ability to protect our intellectual property. As of the date hereof, we do not have any federally registered patents
or trademarks owned by us. The unauthorized use of our intellectual property could diminish the value of our business, which would have
a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operation. 

We have incurred
losses since our inception, have yet to achieve profitable operations and anticipate that we will continue to incur losses for the foreseeable
future. 

 Even if we obtain customers,
there is no guarantee that we will be able to generate a profit. Because we are a small company and have limited capital, we must limit
our products and services. Because we will be limiting our marketing activities, we may not be able to attract enough customers to buy
our products to operate profitably. Further, we are subject to raw material pricing which can erode the profitability of our products
and put additional negative pressure on profitability. If we cannot operate profitably, we may have to suspend or cease operations. 

23 

For the fiscal year ended August
31, 2021 we incurred an operating loss of 1,943,924. For the fiscal year ended August 31, 2020, we incurred an operating loss of 3,623,892.
At August 31, 2021 we had an accumulated deficit of 13,891,788. Although we anticipate generating revenue in future periods, such revenues
may be insufficient to make the Company profitable. We plan to increase our expenses associated with the development of our business.
There is no assurance we will be able to derive revenues from the development of our business to successfully achieve positive cash flow
or that our business will be successful. If we achieve profitability, we may be unable to sustain or increase profits on a quarterly or
annual basis. 

Our accounting of our business
operations in Natural Plant Extract is pending as of the date of this filing. 

On February 16, 2021 we completed
a stock purchase with Alan Tsai resulting in our acquisition of an aggregate of 56.4 of the issued stock of Natural Plant Extract of
California, Inc. We began taking orders for product from our NPE operations in April, 2021. As of the date of this filing our accounting
for this business combination is not complete. However, we expect to complete and disclose the accounting on or before February 16, 2022. 

We are reliant on
single source suppliers for several components of our products. In the future, such supplies could be difficult or impossible to obtain,
which would affect our ability to produce our products. 

 We purchase components
for our products from several larger corporations and from single source providers. Any difficulty in obtaining such supplies could restrict
our ability to manufacture products for sales, which would affect our ability to generate revenues. There can be no assurances such suppliers
of the components we require will not become difficult or impossible to obtain in the future. 

 RISKS OF GOVERNMENT ACTION AND REGULATORY UNCERTAINTY 

 We could be found
to be violating federal laws related to cannabis. 

 Currently, numerous states plus
the District of Columbia that have laws and/or regulations that recognize, in one form or another, legitimate medical uses for cannabis
and consumer use of cannabis in connection with medical treatment. Many other states are considering similar legislation. Conversely,
under the CSA, the policies and regulations of the federal government and its agencies are that cannabis has no medical benefit and a
range of activities including cultivation and the personal use of cannabis is prohibited. Unless and until Congress amends the CSA with
respect to medical marijuana, as to the timing or scope of any such amendments there can be no assurance, there is a risk that federal
authorities may enforce current federal law. The risk of strict enforcement of the CSA in light of Congressional activity, judicial holdings,
and stated federal policy remains uncertain. Because our business involves the sale of cannabis and derivatives, we have risks that we
will be deemed to facilitate the selling or distribution of cannabis in violation of federal law. This would cause a direct and adverse
effect on our subsidiaries businesses, or intended businesses, and on our revenue and prospective profits. 

24 

The possible FDA
Regulation of hemp and industrial hemp derived CBD, and the possible registration of facilities where hemp is grown and CBD products are
produced, if implemented, could negatively affect the cannabis industry generally, which could directly affect our financial condition 

 The Farm
Bill established that hemp containing less the 0.3 THC was no longer a Schedule 1 drug under the CSA. Previously, the U.S. Food and Drug
Administration FDA did not approve hemp or CBD derived from hemp as a safe and effective drug for any indication. The
FDA considered hemp and hemp-derived CBD as illegal Schedule 1 drugs. FDA has concluded that products containing hemp or CBD derived from
hemp are excluded from the dietary supplement definition under sections 201(ff)(3)(B)(i) and (ii) of the U.S. Food, Drug Cosmetic
Act, respectively. However, as a result of the passage of the Farm Bill, at some indeterminate future time, the FDA may choose to change
its position concerning products containing hemp, or CBD derived from hemp, and may choose to enact regulations that are applicable to
such products, including, but not limited to: the growth, cultivation, harvesting and processing of hemp; regulations covering the physical
facilities where hemp is grown; and possible testing to determine efficacy and safety of hemp derived CBD. In the hypothetical event that
some or all of these regulations are imposed, we do not know what the impact would be on the hemp industry in general, and what costs,
requirements and possible prohibitions may be enforced. If we are unable to comply with the conditions and possible costs of possible
regulations and/or registration, as may be prescribed by the FDA, we may be unable to continue to operate segments of our business including
our Hemp You Can Feel products, which are currently suspended pending regulatory advisement from the FDA. 

 The scheduling status
of Tetrahydrocannabivarin (THC-V) and other manufactured cannabinoids with the Drug Enforcement Administration is uncertain. 

 During August 2020, Drug
Enforcement Administration (the DEA issued a rule regarding the scheduling of manufactured hemp and marijuana cannabinoids.
The ruling could negatively impact our research and development, should the DEA determine the manufactured cannabinoids we plan to use
in some of our products are scheduled under the CSA. 

 The Company is currently
working with the supplier of THC-V to determine the impact, if any, the ruling may have on our ability to market THC-V products. 

 The DEA published
the following summary: 

 The purpose of this interim final rule
is to codify in the Drug Enforcement Administration (DEA) regulations the statutory amendments to the Controlled Substances Act (CSA)
made by the Agriculture Improvement Act of 2018 (AIA), regarding the scope of regulatory controls over marihuana, tetrahydrocannabinols,
and other marihuana-related constituents. This interim final rule merely conforms DEA's regulations to the statutory amendments to the
CSA that have already taken effect, and it does not add additional requirements to the regulations. 

 The Agriculture Improvement Act of 2018,
Public Law 115-334 (the AIA), was signed into law on December 20, 2018. It provided a new statutory definition of hemp and
amended the definition of marihuana under 21 U.S.C. 802(16) and the listing of tetrahydrocannabinols under 21 U.S.C. 812(c). The AIA thereby
amends the regulatory controls over marihuana, tetrahydrocannabinols, and other marihuana-related constituents in the Controlled Substances
Act (CSA). 

 The rulemaking makes four conforming
changes to DEA's existing regulations: 

It modifies 21 CFR 1308.11(d)(31) by adding language stating that the definition of Tetrahydrocannabinols does not include any material, compound, mixture, or preparation that falls within the definition of hemp set forth in 7 U.S.C. 1639 o. 

It removes from control in schedule V under 21 CFR 1308.15(f) a drug product in finished dosage formulation that has been approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration that contains cannabidiol (2-[1R-3-methyl-6R-(1-methylethenyl)-2-cyclohexen-1-yl]-5-pentyl-1,3-benzenediol) derived from cannabis and no more than 0.1 (w/w) residual tetrahydrocannabinols. 

25 

It also removes the import and export controls described in 21 CFR 1312.30(b) over those same substances. 

It modifies 21 CFR 1308.11(d)(58) by stating that the definition of Marihuana Extract is limited to extracts containing greater than 0.3 percent delta-9-tetrahydrocannabinol on a dry weight basis. 
 
 According to the DEA, The AIA does not
impact the control status of synthetically derived tetrahydrocannabinols (for Controlled Substance Code Number 7370) because the statutory
definition of hemp is limited to materials that are derived from the plant Cannabis sativa L. For synthetically derived
tetrahydrocannabinols, the concentration of 9 -THC is not a determining factor in whether the material is a controlled
substance. All synthetically derived tetrahydrocannabinols remain schedule I controlled substances. 

 We could become subject
to other FDA regulations. 

 The cannabinoid delivery
technologies we are developing could at a later date become subject to increased government regulation. Such additional regulations could
have an adverse effect on our business operations. 

 RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH BANK AND INSURANCE LAWS AND REGULATIONS 

 We and our customers
may have difficulty accessing the service of banks, which may make it difficult to sell our products and services and manage our cash
flows. 

 Since the commerce in cannabis,
as not strictly defined in the 2018 Farm Bill, is illegal under federal law, federally most chartered banks will not accept deposit funds
from businesses involved with cannabis. Consequently, businesses involved in the cannabis industry often have trouble finding a bank willing
to accept their business. The inability to open bank accounts may make it difficult for our customers to operate. There does appear to
be recent movement to allow state-chartered banks and credit unions to provide banking to the industry, but as of the date of this report
there are only nominal entities that have been formed that offer these services. Further, in a February 6, 2018, Forbes article, United
States Secretary of the Treasury, Steven Mnuchin, is reported to have testified that his department is reviewing the existing guidance. 
But he clarified that he doesn t want to rescind it without having an alternate policy in place to address public safety concerns. 

 Financial transactions
involving proceeds generated by cannabis-related conduct can form the basis for prosecution under the federal money laundering statutes,
unlicensed money transmitter statute and the U.S. Bank Secrecy Act. Despite guidance from the U.S. Department of the Treasury suggesting
it may be possible for financial institutions to provide services to cannabis-related businesses consistent with their obligations under
the Bank Secrecy Act, banks remain hesitant to offer banking services to cannabis-related businesses. Consequently, those businesses involved
in the cannabis industry continue to encounter difficulty establishing banking relationships. Our inability to maintain our current bank
accounts would make it difficult for us to operate our business, increase our operating costs, and pose additional operational, logistical
and security challenges and could result in our inability to implement our business plan. Similarly, many of our customers are directly
involved in cannabis sales and further restrictions to their ability to access banking services may make it difficult for them to purchase
our products, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

26 

We are subject to certain federal regulations
relating to cash reporting. 

 The Bank Secrecy Act, enforced
by FinCEN, requires us to report currency transactions in excess of 10,000, including identification of the customer by name and social
security number, to the IRS. This regulation also requires us to report certain suspicious activity, including any transaction that exceeds
 5,000 that we know, suspect, or have reason to believe involves funds from illegal activity or is designed to evade federal regulations
or reporting requirements and to verify sources of funds. Substantial penalties can be imposed against us if we fail to comply with this
regulation. If we fail to comply with these laws and regulations, the imposition of a substantial penalty could have a material adverse
effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

 Due to our involvement in
the cannabis industry, we may have a difficult time obtaining the various insurances that are desired to operate our business, which may
expose us to additional risk and financial liability 

Insurance that is otherwise readily
available, such as general liability, and directors and officer s insurance, is more difficult for us to find, and more expensive,
because we are service providers to companies in the cannabis industry. There are no guarantees that we will be able to find such insurance(s)
in the future, or that the cost will be affordable to us. If we are forced to go without such insurance(s), it may prevent us from entering
into certain business sectors, may inhibit our growth, and may expose us to additional risk and financial liabilities. 

RISK ASSOCIATED WITH OUR INDUSTRY 

 Our Business Can be Affected
by Unusual Weather Patterns 

Cannabis cultivation can be impacted
by weather patterns and these unpredictable weather patterns may impact our business. In addition, severe weather, including drought and
hail, can destroy a cannabis crop, which could result in us having no cannabis to harvest, process and sell, which could impact our ability
to meet customer demand, generate sales, and maintain operations will be impacted. 

Our business and financial performance
may be adversely affected by downturns in the target markets that we serve or reduced demand for the types of products we sell. 

 Demand for our products
is often affected by general economic conditions as well as product-use trends in our target markets. These changes may result in decreased
demand for our cannabis. The occurrence of these conditions is beyond our ability to control and, when they occur, they may have a significant
impact on our sales and results of operations. The inability or unwillingness of our customers to pay a premium for our products due to
general economic conditions or a downturn in the economy may have a significant adverse impact on our sales and results of operations. 

 Changes within the cannabis industry may
adversely affect our financial performance. 

 Changes in the identity,
ownership structure and strategic goals of our competitors and the emergence of new competitors in our target markets may harm our financial
performance. New competitors may include foreign-based companies and commodity-based domestic producers who could enter our specialty
markets if they are unable to compete in their traditional markets. The paper industry has also experienced consolidation of producers
and distribution channels. Further consolidation could unite other producers with distribution channels through which we intend to sell
our products, thereby limiting access to our target markets. 

27 

We may be subject
to certain tax risks and treatments that could negatively impact our results of operations. 

 Section 280E of the Internal
Revenue Code, as amended, prohibits businesses from deducting certain expenses associated with trafficking-controlled substances (within
the meaning of Schedule I and II of the Controlled Substances Act). The IRS has invoked Section 280E in tax audits against various cannabis
businesses in the U.S. that are permitted under applicable state laws. Although the IRS issued a clarification allowing the deduction
of certain expenses, the scope of such items is interpreted very narrowly, and the bulk of operating costs and general administrative
costs are not permitted to be deducted. While there are currently several pending cases before various administrative and federal courts
challenging these restrictions, there is no guarantee that these courts will issue an interpretation of Section 280E favorable to cannabis
businesses. 

 The Company s industry
is highly competitive, and we have less capital and resources than many of our competitors which may give them an advantage in developing
and marketing products similar to ours or make our products obsolete. 

We are involved in a highly competitive
industry where we may compete with numerous other companies who offer alternative methods or approaches, who may have far greater resources,
more experience, and personnel perhaps more qualified than we do. Such resources may give our competitors an advantage in developing and
marketing products similar to ours or products that make our products less desirable to consumers or obsolete. There can be no assurance
that we will be able to successfully compete against these other entities. 

We may be unable to
respond to the rapid technological change in the industry and such change may increase costs and competition that may adversely affect
our business 

 Rapidly changing technologies,
frequent new product and service introductions and evolving industry standards characterize our market. The continued growth of the Internet
and intense competition in our industry exacerbates these market characteristics. Our future success will depend on our ability to adapt
to rapidly changing technologies by continually improving the performance features and reliability of our products. We may experience
difficulties that could delay or prevent the successful development, introduction, or marketing of our products. In addition, any new
enhancements must meet the requirements of our current and prospective customers and must achieve significant market acceptance. We could
also incur substantial costs if we need to modify our products and services or infrastructures to adapt to these changes. 

 We also expect that new competitors
may introduce products or services that are directly or indirectly competitive with us. These competitors may succeed in developing products
and services that have greater functionality or are less costly than our products and services and may be more successful in marketing
such products and services. Technological changes have lowered the cost of operating, communications and computer systems and purchasing
software. These changes reduce our cost of selling products and providing services, but also facilitate increased competition by reducing
competitors costs in providing similar products and services. This competition could increase price competition and reduce anticipated
profit margins. 

RISKS RELATED TO OUR COMMON STOCK 

We may need additional
capital that will dilute the ownership interest of investors. 

 We may require additional
capital to fund our future business operations. If we raise additional funds through the issuance of equity, equity-related or convertible
debt securities, these securities may have rights, preferences or privileges senior to those of the rights of holders of our shares of
common stock, who may experience dilution of their ownership interest of our shares of Common Stock. We cannot predict whether additional
financing will be available to us on favorable terms when required, or at all. Since our inception, we have experienced negative cash
flow from operations and expect to experience significant negative cash flow from operations in the future. The issuance of additional
shares of Common Stock by our board of directors may have the effect of further diluting the proportionate equity interest and voting
power of holders of our shares of Common Stock. 

28 

Our shares of Common
Stock qualify as a penny stock. As such, we are subject to the risks associated with penny stocks . Regulations relating to
 penny stocks limit the ability of our shareholders to sell their shares and, as a result, our shareholders may have to hold
their shares indefinitely. 

 Our shares of Common Stock
are deemed to be penny stock as that term is defined in Regulation Section 240.3a51-1 of the Securities and Exchange Commission.
Penny stocks are stocks: (a) with a price of less than 5.00 per share; (b) that are not traded on a recognized national exchange;
(c) whose prices are not quoted on the NASDAQ automated quotation system (NASDAQ - where listed stocks must still meet requirement (a)
above); or (d) in issuers with net tangible assets of less than 2,000,000 (if the issuer has been in continuous operation for at least
three years) or 5,000,000 (if in continuous operation for less than three years), or with average revenues of less than 6,000,000 for
the last three years. 

 Section 15(g) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 and Regulation 240.15g(c)2 of the Securities and Exchange Commission require broker dealers dealing in penny stocks
to provide potential investors with a document disclosing the risks of penny stocks and to obtain a manually signed and dated written
receipt of the document before effecting any transaction in a penny stock for the investor's account. Potential investors in our shares
of Common Stock are urged to obtain and read such disclosure carefully before purchasing any shares of Common Stock that are deemed to
be penny stock . 

 Moreover, Regulation 240.15g-9
of the SEC requires broker dealers in penny stocks to approve the account of any investor for transactions in such stocks before selling
any penny stock to that investor. This procedure requires the broker dealer to: (a) obtain from the investor information concerning his
or her financial situation, investment experience and investment objectives; (b) reasonably determine, based on that information, that
transactions in penny stocks are suitable for the investor and that the investor has sufficient knowledge and experience as to be reasonably
capable of evaluating the risks of penny stock transactions; (c) provide the investor with a written statement setting forth the basis
on which the broker dealer made the determination in (ii) above; and (d) receive a signed and dated copy of such statement from the investor
confirming that it accurately reflects the investor's financial situation, investment experience and investment objectives. Compliance
with these requirements may make it more difficult for investors in our shares of Common Stock to resell their shares to third parties
or to otherwise dispose of them. Holders should be aware that, according to SEC Release No. 34-29093, dated April 17, 1991, the market
for penny stocks suffers from patterns of fraud and abuse. 

 Our Management is aware
of the abuses that have occurred historically in the penny stock market. Although we do not expect to be in a position to dictate the
behavior of the market or of broker-dealers who participate in the market, Management will strive within the confines of practical limitations
to prevent the described patterns from being established with respect to our securities. 

 We will be controlled by existing shareholders. 

Our directors and officers currently
in place control a significant portion of our shares and have super voting rights relative to preferred shares. Thus, they will continue
to oversee the Company s operations. As a result, our directors and officers will likely have a significant influence on the affairs
and management of the Company, as well as on all matters requiring stockholder approval, including electing and removing members of its
board of directors, causing the Company to engage in transactions with affiliated entities, causing or restricting the sale or merger
of the Company and changing the company s dividend policy. Such concentration of ownership and control could have the effect of
delaying, deferring or preventing a change in control of the Company, even when such a change of control would be in the best interests
of the company s other stockholders. 

29 

We have the ability to issue
additional shares of our shares of preferred stock without asking for stockholder approval, which could cause your investment to be diluted. 

Our Articles of Incorporation
authorizes the Board of Directors to issue up to 500,000,000 shares of Common Stock.
The power of the Board of Directors to issue shares of Common Stock, preferred stock or warrants or options to purchase shares of Common
Stock or preferred stock is generally not subject to stockholder approval. Accordingly, any additional issuance of our shares of Common
Stock, or shares of preferred stock that may be convertible into Common Stock, may have the effect of diluting your investment. Currently
authorized are ten million (10,000,000) shares of preferred stock, par value 0.0001 per share, of the Company Preferred Stock in one
or more series, and expressly authorized the Board of Directors of the Company, subject to limitations prescribed by law, to provide,
out of the unissued shares of Preferred Stock, for series of Preferred Stock, and, with respect to each such series, to establish and
fix the number of shares to be included in any series of Preferred Stock and the designation, rights, preferences, powers, restrictions,
and limitations of the shares of such series. On December 16, 2019, the Board of Directors authorized the issuance of eight million (8,000,000)
preferred shares as Series A Preferred Stock. The Series A Preferred Stock is not convertible into any other form of Securities,
including common shares, of the Company. Holders of Series A Preferred Stock shall be entitled to fifty (50) votes for every Share of
Series A Preferred Stock beneficially owned as of the record date for any shareholder vote or written consent. On May 28, 2020, Mr. Robert
L. Hymers III, a former director and former chief financial officer, returned 2,000,000 Series A Preferred shares to the corporate treasury.
As of the date of this filing, there were 6,000,000 Series A Preferred shares issued and outstanding. 

FINRA sales practice requirements may also limit
a stockholder s ability to buy and sell our stock and to deposit certificates in paper form or to clear shares for trading under
Safe Harbor exemptions and regulations for unregistered shares. 

In addition to the penny
stock rules described above, the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (known as FINRA has adopted rules that
require that in recommending an investment to a customer, a broker-dealer must have reasonable grounds for believing that the investment
is suitable for that customer. Prior to recommending speculative low-priced securities to their non-institutional customers, broker-dealers
must make reasonable efforts to obtain information about the customer s financial status, tax status, investment objectives and
other information. Under interpretations of these rules, FINRA believes that there is a high probability that speculative low-priced securities
will not be suitable for at least some customers. FINRA requirements make it more difficult for broker- dealers to recommend that their
customers buy our shares of Common Stock, which may limit your ability to buy and sell our stock and have an adverse effect on the market
for our shares. FINRA requirements make it more difficult for our investors to deposit paper stock certificates or to clear our shares
of Common Stock that are transferred electronically to brokerage accounts. There can be no assurances that our investors will be able
to clear our shares for eventual resale. 

Costs and expenses of being a reporting company
under the 1934 Securities Exchange Act may be burdensome and prevent us from achieving profitability 

As a public company, we are subject
to the reporting requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and parts of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. We expect that
the requirements of these rules and regulations will continue to increase our legal, accounting and financial compliance costs, make some
activities more difficult, time-consuming and costly, and place significant strain on our personnel, systems and resources. 

30 

Since our shares of Common Stock is thinly traded
it is more susceptible to extreme rises or declines in price, and you may not be able to sell your shares at or above the price paid. 

Since our shares of Common
Stock are thinly traded its trading price is likely to be highly volatile and could be subject to extreme fluctuations in response to
various factors, many of which are beyond our control, including (but not necessarily limited to): the trading volume of our shares, the
number of analysts, market-makers and brokers following our shares of Common Stock, new products or services introduced or announced by
us or our competitors, actual or anticipated variations in quarterly operating results, conditions or trends in our business industries,
additions or departures of key personnel, sales of our shares of Common Stock and general stock market price and volume fluctuations of
publicly traded, and particularly microcap, companies. 

 Investors may have difficulty
reselling shares of our Common Stock, either at or above the price they paid for our stock, or even at fair market value. The stock markets
often experience significant price and volume changes that are not related to the operating performance of individual companies, and because
our shares of Common Stock are thinly traded it is particularly susceptible to such changes. These broad market changes may cause the
market price of our shares of Common Stock to decline regardless of how well we perform as a company. In addition, there is a history
of securities class action litigation following periods of volatility in the market price of a company s securities. Although there
is no such litigation currently pending or threatened against us, such a suit against us could result in the incursion of substantial
legal fees, potential liabilities and the diversion of management s attention and resources from our business. Moreover, and as
noted below, our shares are currently traded on the OTC Markets Pink and, further, are subject to the penny stock regulations. Price fluctuations
in such shares are particularly volatile and subject to potential manipulation by market-makers, short-sellers and option traders. 

 We do not expect to pay any dividends
on our common stock. 

 We do not anticipate
that we will pay any cash dividends to holders of our common stock in the foreseeable future. Instead, we plan to retain any earnings
to maintain and expand our existing operations. Accordingly, investors must rely on sales of their common stock after price appreciation,
which may never occur, as the only way to realize any return on their investment. 

ITEM 1B. 
 UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

Inapplicable as we are not a large accelerated filer,
as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act, or a well-known seasoned issuer as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 

ITEM 2. 
 PROPERTIES 

Our headquarters are located
at 520 S. Grand Avenue, Suite 320, Los Angeles, California 90071 where we leased office space under a contract effective August 15, 2019,
expiring on August 14, 2020. We now rent the premises on a month-to-month basis and paying 800 per month. 

 We believe that our existing
office facilities are adequate for our needs. Should we require additional space at that time, or prior thereto, we believe that such
space can be secured on commercially reasonable terms. 

ITEM 3. 
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

None. 

ITEM 4. 
 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not Applicable. 

31 

PART II. 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON
EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES. MARKET INFORMATION AND HOLDERS 

Our Company is a reporting
public company (a public company that is fully subject to the Securities and Exchange Commission's reporting requirements). As of the
filing date, the Company s shares trade under the symbol CBGL. 

The OTC Markets Quotation
System is quotation service that display real-time quotes, last-sale prices and volume information in over-the-counter equity securities.
The market is limited for our stock and any prices quoted may not be a reliable indication of the value of our shares of Common Stock.
The following Table sets forth the high and low bid prices per share of our shares of Common Stock by both the OTC Bulletin Board and
OTC Markets for the periods indicated. 

For the year ended August 31, 2020 
 
 High 
 
 Low 
 
 Fourth Quarter 

0.63 

0.10 

Third Quarter 

0.85 

0.10 

Second Quarter 

0.60 

0.05 

First Quarter 

1.85 

0.48 

For the year ended August 31, 2021 
 
 High 
 
 Low 
 
 Fourth Quarter 

0.10 

0.03 

Third Quarter 

0.20 

0.08 

Second Quarter 

0.36 

0.07 

First Quarter 

0.15 

0.05 

DIVIDEND POLICY 

We have not paid, nor declared any cash dividends since our inception and
do not intend to declare or pay any such dividends in the foreseeable future. Our ability to pay cash dividends is subject to limitations
imposed by state law. 

SALES OF UNREGISTERED SHARES AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS 

The following
information represents securities sold by the Company as of August 31, 2021, which were not registered under the Securities Act, and were
not previously reported in a Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, or in a Current Report on Form 8-K (17 CFR 249.308). Included are sales of
reacquired securities, as well as new issues, securities issued in exchange for property, services, or other securities, and new securities
resulting from the modification of outstanding securities. 

On November 6, 2019,
we sold a convertible note to an accredited investor for 20,000. The terms of the six month note allow 7 annual interest and for the
conversion into common shares at 0.75. Additionally, the investor received a warrant providing the investor the right to purchase 26,666
common shares at a price of 3.50. 

32 

On December 30, 2019, The Company
sold a convertible note to an accredited investor. The 63,000 note calls for annualized interest of 10 and is due on December 20, 2020.
The note converts in common shares at 40 discount. This note is attached as an exhibit hereto. 

On December 16, 2019, the Company s
board of directors by unanimous written consent caused the authorization of ten million (10,000,000) shares of preferred stock, par value
 0.0001 per share, of the Company Preferred Stock in one or more series, and expressly authorized the Board of Directors
of the Company (the Board ), subject to limitations prescribed by law, to provide, out of the unissued shares of Preferred
Stock, for series of Preferred Stock, and, with respect to each such series, to establish and fix the number of shares to be included
in any series of Preferred Stock and the designation, rights, preferences, powers, restrictions, and limitations of the shares of such
series. 

During the quarterly period ended
February 29, 2020, the Company issued four convertible promissory notes having an aggregate principal amount of 256,500, aggregate original
issue discount (OID) of 10,500, and aggregate legal fees of 11,000, resulting in aggregate net proceeds to the Company of 235,000.
The notes mature in one year from the respective issuance date and bear interest at the rate of 10 per annum, payable at maturity.
Commencing one hundred eighty (180) days following the issuance date of 198,750 of the notes and commencing immediately following the
issuance of 57,750 of the notes, the noteholders shall have the right to convert all or any part of the outstanding and unpaid principal
balance of the note, at any time, into shares of common stock of the Company at variable conversion prices ranging from 50 - 60 of the
lowest previous fifteen (15) to twenty (20) trading day closing trade prices of the Company s common stock, subject to adjustment.
As a result of the variable conversion prices, upon issuance, the Company recognized total debt discount of 256,500, which is being amortized
to interest expense over the term of the notes. The Company is prohibited from effecting a conversion of the note to the extent that,
as a result of such conversion, the noteholder, together with its affiliates, would beneficially own more than 4.99 of the number of
shares of the Company s common stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares of common stock upon
conversion of the note. 

On
February 20, 2020, the Company entered into a material definitive agreement with Lelantos Biotech, Inc., a Wyoming corporation Lelantos ),
and its owners Ma Helen M. Am Is, Inc., a Wyoming corporation Helen M. ), East West Pharma Group, Inc., a Wyoming corporation East West ), and New Horizons Laboratory Services, Inc., a Wyoming corporation New Horizons ). In exchange
for intellectual properties owned by Lelantos, the Company agreed to issue 400,000 shares of common stock and convertible promissory notes
to Lelantos and its owners. On June 15, 2020, the Company and Lelantos entered into a modification agreement cancelling the Company's
obligation to issue 400,000 shares of common stock and the convertible promissory notes. The Company and Lelantos agreed to a purchase
price of five hundred thousand dollars 500,000), payable by the issuance of a promissory note. The aggregate unpaid principal amount
of the note is paid in monthly payments of seven thousand, five hundred dollars 7,500) beginning on September 1, 2020, terminating on
February 1, 2025. There is no interest on the note or on the unpaid balance. 

On March 19, 2020, the Company
entered into a Securities Purchases Agreement and Convertible Promissory Note in the principal amount of 150,000. The note, which is
payable one year after issuance, carries interest at 10 per annum. On March 19, 2020, the Company received its first disbursement under
this agreement in the amount of 50,000. Less an original discount and other certain fees, the Company netted 43,000. The note converts
to common shares at a 40 discount to the lowest traded price during the 25 days prior to conversion. Additionally, the lender was issued
a three-year warrant to purchase our common stock at 0.48 per share. The note shall not be able to be converted in an amount that would
result in the beneficial ownership of more than 4.99 of the Company outstanding common stock. 

33 

On May 4, 2020, the Company received
its Second disbursement under this agreement in the amount of 25,000. Less an original discount and other certain fees, the Company netted
 21,000. This note converts to common shares at a 40 discount to the lowest traded price during the 25 days prior to conversion. 

On May 28, 2020, Mr. Robert L.
Hymers III, a former director and former chief financial officer, returned 2,000,000 Series A Preferred shares to the corporate treasury.
As of the date of this filing, there were 6,000,000 Series A Preferred shares issued and outstanding. 

On July 10, 2020, the Company
received a 25,000 disbursement from a previously signed convertible note entered into on March 19, 2020, in the principal amount of 150,000.
The note, which is payable one year after issuance, carries interest at 10 per annum. The note converts to common shares at a 40 discount
to the lowest traded price during the 25 days prior to conversion. Additionally, the lender was granted three-year warrant coverage at
 0.48. The note shall not be able to be converted in an amount that would result in the beneficial ownership of more than 4.99 of the
Company outstanding common stock. 

On July 21, 2020, the Company
entered into a Securities Purchases Agreement and Convertible Promissory Note in the principal amount of 78,750. The note, which is payable
one year after issuance, carries interest at 6 per annum. The note converts to common shares at a 60 discount to the lowest traded price
during the 30 days prior to conversion. 

On August 6, 2020, the Company
issued an investor a convertible note for 50,000. The note calls for annualized interest of 10 and is due on August 7, 2021. The note
converts into common shares at a fixed price of 0.1631. 

On August 12, 2020, The Company
sold a convertible note to an accredited investor. The 55,000 note calls for annualized interest of 10 and is due on May 21, 2021. The
note converts into common shares at a fixed price of 0.1005. 

On August 14, 2020, The Company
sold a convertible note to an accredited investor. The 50,000 note calls for annualized interest of 10 and is due on May 14, 2021. The
note converts into common shares at a fixed price of 0.1005. 

On August 17, 2020, we sold 510,204
unregistered common shares in a private placement for 51,275. 

On August 28, 2020, the Company
sold a convertible note to an accredited investor. The 113,000 note calls for annualized interest of 8 and is due on August 28, 2021.
The note converts to common shares at a 37 discount to the lowest traded price during the 15 days prior to conversion. The proceeds from
the note payable were received in September 2020 

34 

On August
31, 2020, we entered into a stock purchase agreement with Robert L. Hymers III Hymers ). Pursuant to the Stock Purchase
Agreement, the Company purchased from Hymers 266,667 shares of common stock of Natural Plant Extract of California Inc. NPE in exchange for 2,040,000. The purchased shares of common stock represent 18.8 of the outstanding capital stock of NPE on a fully diluted
basis. In connection with the stock purchase agreement, we became a party to a Shareholders Agreement, dated June 5, 2020, by and among
Alan Tsai, Hymers, Betterworld Ventures, LLC, Marijuana Company of America, Inc. and NPE. The Shareholders Agreement contains customary
rights and obligations, including restrictions on the transfer of the Shares. On June 11, 2021, the Company and Hymers amended the stock
purchase agreement to exchange the Registrant s obligations to make monthly payments, for our issuance of a Convertible Note for
the same amount, with principal and interest due on June 11, 2022. The Convertible Note also provides Hymers with the right to convert
outstanding principal and interest into our common stock at a fixed price of 0.04 per share, unless, at the time the amounts due under
this Note are eligible for conversion, the Securities and Exchange Commission has not enacted any amendment to the provisions of Rule
144(d)(iii) or other provision in a manner that would adversely affect the tacking of variable rate securities. In such event the Conversion
Price shall equal 60 of the lowest trading price of the Company s Common Stock for the 10 trading days immediately preceding the
delivery of a Notice of Conversion to the Company. 

 On November 16, 2020, the Company
sold an aggregate 3,000,000 shares of Company common stock, par value 0.001, equal in value to 177,000 based on the closing price on
November 16, 2020. Of the total sold, 1,500,000 shares of common stock were sold to Edward Manolos and 1,500,000 shares of common stock
were sold to Thang Nguyen. The sales were made in regard to the Company s acquisition of Ethos, and its disclosures under Item
1.01 are incorporated herein by reference. 

On October 30, 2020, the registrant
Jim Riley 400,000 shares of common stock, vesting in equal amounts over 12 months, in regard to his services as a director. 

On September 30, 2020, the Company
entered into a securities exchange agreement with Marijuana Company of America, Inc., a Utah corporation MCOA ). By virtue
of the agreement, the Company issued 7,222,222 shares of its unregistered common stock to MCOA in exchange for 650,000,000 shares of MCOA
unregistered common stock. 

On September 24, 2020, the Company
issued a convertible note in the amount of 78,000. The note matures on June 24, 2021 and bears 10 interest rate per annum. The note
is convertible into common shares at a fixed conversion price of 0.06 or a conversion discount at rate of 30 to the lowest trading price
during the previous twenty (20) trading days to the date of a conversion notice; whichever is lower. 

On September 22, 2020, the Company
issued a convertible note in the amount of 78,000. The note matures on September 22, 2021 and bears 8 interest rate per annum. The note
is convertible into common shares at 37 discount for the average of the two lowest trading prices of the common stock during the 15 trading
day period ending on the latest complete trading day prior to the conversion date. 

On September 2, 2020, the Company
issued two convertible promissory notes with an aggregate principal amount of 107,000, with the Company receiving proceeds of 100,000
after original issue discount of 5,000 and deferred finance costs of 2,000. The notes mature in September 2021 and bear interest at
12 per annum. Commencing one hundred eighty (180) days following the issuance date of the notes, the noteholders shall have the right
to convert all or any part of the outstanding and unpaid principal balance of the note, at any time, into shares of common stock of the
Company at variable conversion price of 60 of the lowest previous twenty (20) trading day closing trade prices of the Company s
common stock, subject to adjustment. The Company is prohibited from effecting a conversion of the note to the extent that, as a result
of such conversion, the noteholder, together with its affiliates, would beneficially own more than 4.99 of the number of shares of the
Company s common stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares of common stock upon conversion of
the note. 

35 

On January
5, 2021, the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement in connection with the issuance of an 10 convertible note with the
principal amount of 110,000, with an accredited investor. The note is convertible at a fixed conversion price of 0.005. In the event
of default by the Company, or after the public announcement of a change of control transaction as defined in the agreement, the conversion
price is 0.001. The Company received net proceeds of 97,500. 

On January
5, 2021, the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement in connection with the issuance of an 10 convertible note with the
principal amount of 110,000, with an accredited investor. The note is convertible at a fixed conversion price of 0.05. In the event
of default by the Company, or after the public announcement of a change of control transaction as defined in the agreement, the conversion
price is 0.01. The Company received net proceeds of 97,500. 

On January
12, 2021, the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement in connection with the issuance of an 10 convertible note with the
principal amount of 115,500, with an accredited investor. The note is convertible beginning 61 days from issuance at a fixed conversion
price of 0.10 per share or 60 or the lowest trading price for ten days prior to conversion in the event that the Company s stock
trades at less than 0.10 per share. The Company received net proceeds of 100,000. 

On January
26, 2021, the Company entered into two Securities Purchase Agreements in connection with the issuance of two 10 convertible note with
the principal amount of 487,750, with an accredited investor. The note is convertible at 70 of the average of the three lowest trading
prices for 20 days prior to conversion. The Company received net proceeds of 431,000. 

On
January 27, 2021 Cannabis Global, Inc. (the Registrant closed a stock purchase agreement with Edward Manolos, a
director and related party. Pursuant to the stock purchase agreement, we purchased 266,667 shares of common stock in NPE from Mr.
Manolos, representing 18.8 of the outstanding capital stock of NPE on a fully diluted basis. Under the terms of the stock purchase
agreement, we acquired beneficial ownership over the NPE shares in exchange for a purchase price of two million forty thousand
dollars 2,040,000). In lieu of a cash payment, we agreed to issue Mr. Manolos 11,383,929 restricted common shares, valued for
purposes of the stock purchase agreement at 0.1792 per share. 

On
February 16, 2021, we purchased 266,667 shares of common stock of NPE, from Alan Tsai, in exchange for the issuance of 1,436,368 common
shares. Other than with respect to the transaction, there was no material relationship between Mr. Tsai and the Registrant. By virtue
of the transaction, the Registrant acquired 18.8 of the outstanding capital stock of NPE, bringing its total beneficial ownership in
NPE to 56.5 . 

 On February 28, 2021, the Company
sold 153,000 Preferred Series B shares to an accredited investor, realizing proceeds of 153,000. The proceeds were not received until
March 2021, and therefore no preferred stock shares were issued and outstanding as of February 28, 2021. 

On March 19, 2021, the Company
sold 78,500 Preferred Series B shares to an accredited investor, realizing gross proceeds of 78,500, and the agreement was accounted
for as a liability based on the terms of the Preferred Series B designation. The shares were unregistered and sold in reliance upon Section
4(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, and Rule 506 of Regulation D promulgated thereunder, with respect to the issuance of the restricted
stock. There was no general solicitation in connection with the offer or sale of the preferred Series B shares. 

On April 22, 2021, the Company
sold 53,750 Preferred Series B shares to an accredited investor, realizing gross proceeds of 53,750, and the agreement was accounted
for as a liability based on the terms of the Preferred Series B designation. The shares were unregistered and sold in reliance upon Section
4(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, and Rule 506 of Regulation D promulgated thereunder, with respect to the issuance of the restricted
stock. There was no general solicitation in connection with the offer or sale of the preferred Series B shares. 

On May 20, 2021, the Company sold
a convertible note to an accredited investor for proceeds of 130,000 at 8 per annum with a maturity date of May 20, 2022 with a Conversion
Price of Common Stock equal to 60 of the lowest trading price of the Common Stock which the Company s shares are traded for the
fifteen prior trading days of Notice of Conversion. 

36 

On June 16, 2021, the Company
sold a convertible note to an accredited investor for proceeds of 135,000 at 8 per annum with a maturity date of June 16, 2022 with
a Variable Conversion Price at a discount rate of 35 for the average of the two (2) lowest Trading Prices for the Common Stock during
the fifteen (15) Trading Day period ending on the latest complete Trading Day prior to the Conversion Date. 

On May 27, 2021, the Company sold
43,500 Preferred Series B shares to an accredited investor, realizing gross proceeds of 43,500, and the agreement was accounted for as
a liability based on the terms of the Preferred Series B designation. The shares were unregistered and sold in reliance upon Section 4(2)
of the Securities Act of 1933, and Rule 506 of Regulation D promulgated thereunder, with respect to the issuance of the restricted stock.
There was no general solicitation in connection with the offer or sale of the preferred Series B shares. 

On July 14, 2021, the Company
sold 38,500 Preferred Series B shares to an accredited investor, realizing gross proceeds of 38,500, and the agreement was accounted
for as a liability based on the terms of the Preferred Series B designation. The shares were unregistered and sold in reliance upon Section
4(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, and Rule 506 of Regulation D promulgated thereunder, with respect to the issuance of the restricted
stock. There was no general solicitation in connection with the offer or sale of the preferred Series B shares. 

We plan to use the proceeds
from sales of the primary offering to partially finance our business operations. We also intend to utilize cash on hand, loans and other
forms of financing such as the sale of additional equity and debt securities and other credit facilities to conduct our ongoing business,
and to also conduct strategic business development and implementation of our business plans generally. We are not intending to use any
off-balance sheet financing arrangements. 

ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 

We are a smaller reporting company
as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information required under this item. 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The statements contained in this
report that are not statements of historical fact, including without limitation, statements containing the words believes, 
 expects, anticipates and similar words, constitute forward-looking statements that are subject to a number
of risks and uncertainties. From time to time we may make other forward-looking statements. Investors are cautioned that such forward-looking
statements are subject to an inherent risk that actual results may materially differ as a result of many factors, including the risks
discussed from time to time in this report, including the risks described under Risk Factors in any filings we have made
with the SEC. 

Our discussion and analysis of
our financial condition and results of operations are based upon our financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. The preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates
and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses. On an on-going basis, we evaluate these
estimates, including those related to useful lives of real estate assets, cost reimbursement income, bad debts, impairment, net lease
intangibles, contingencies and litigation. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that are believed
to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets
and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. There can be no assurance that actual results will not differ from those
estimates. 

37 

Company Background 

Cannabis Global, Inc. is
located at 520 S. Grand Avenue, Suite 320, Los Angeles, California 90071. Our telephone number is (310) 986-4929 and our website is www.cannabisglobalinc.com.
Our shares of Common Stock are quoted on the OTC Markets Pink Tier, operated by OTC Markets Group, Inc., under the ticker symbol CBGL. 

 Current Operations 

 Natural Plant Extract
of California, Inc. 

 The Company
operates and manages Natural Plant Extract of California, Inc. (NPE) which holds two active California cannabis licenses: (i) a Type 7
Manufacturing License; and, (ii) a Distribution License. These licenses allow NPE to distribute cannabis products in the State of California.
Our operations at the NPE facility emphasize product manufacturing and distribution. We began taking customer orders for products manufactured
at the NPE facility on April 21, 2021. These products included several types of cannabis products, including: 

Cannabis flower packaged in various weights, which are sold to California
licensed cannabis retailers and distributors; 

Cannabis Pre-rolls, which are sold to California licensed cannabis retailers
and distributors; and, 

Cannabis edible products, which are sold to California licensed cannabis
retailers and distributors 

 The cannabis
products are Schedule 1 Controlled Substances under the Controlled Substances Act, and so are illegal under federal law. 

 Our sales
from the above product categories amount to 97 of our operating revenues. Our cannabis research and development efforts have not generated
material revenue as of the date of this filing. 

 Comply Bag 

Comply Bag features a multi-layer,
low-density polyethylene outer shell that protects valuable shipments and allows manufacturers, buyers, and processors full view of contents
to assess quality. Each Comply Bag contains financial institution-grade tamper-evident seams, self-sealing closures, and sequential
numbering to ensure what is sent is what is received. In addition, because all U.S. states have implemented specific regulations for the
tracking and tracing of cannabis shipments from seed to sale, Comply Bags features regulator demanded tracking features, such as
those required in the California Cannabis Track-and-Trace (CCTT) system, including Unique Identifier Tags (UID) mandated by California
via its contracted service provider, METRC, Inc. The Comply Bag is currently available for purchase. 

38 

Cannabis-Related Research and Development 

We also have an active research
and development program primarily focused on creating and commercialize engineered technologies delivering hemp extracts and cannabinoids
to the human body. Additionally, we invest, or provide managerial services, in specialized areas of the regulated hemp and cannabis industries. 

Our R D programs included the following: 

1. 
 Development of new routes and vehicles for hemp extract and cannabinoid delivery to the human body. 

2. 
 Production of unique polymeric nanoparticles and fibers for use in oral and dermal cannabinoid delivery. 

3. 
 Research and commercialization of new methodologies to isolate and/or concentrate various cannabinoids and other substances that comprise industrial hemp oil and other extracts. 

4. 
 Establishment of new methods to increase the bioavailability of cannabinoids to the human body utilizing nanoparticles and other proven bioenhancers, including naturally occurring and insect produced glycosides. 

5. 
 Development of other novel inventions for the delivery of cannabinoids to the human body, which at this time are considered trade secrets by the Company. 

The Company s strategy is to develop
a growing portfolio of intellectual property relating to the processing of hemp extracts and cannabinoids into forms that are easily
and efficiently delivered to the human body and to companion animals. 

The Company owns no issued patents.
The Company s patent activity to date is disclosed below. There are two categories of patents: (i) expired provisional patent applications
which the Company now maintains as trade secrets; and, (ii) filed patent applications currently pending review by the U.S. Patent and
Trademark Office (U.S.P.T.O.) and the International Patent Cooperation Union. 

Expired Provisional Patents 

A provisional patent application is a document issued
by the U.S.P.T.O., that helps protect a new invention from being copied during the 12-month period before a formal patent application
is filed. It is intended to give an inventor time to explore the idea, test its commercial feasibility, or refine a product before committing
to the expensive and time-intensive process of a formal application. The Company filed the following provisional patent applications but
chose not to pursue the filing of formal patent applications. The provisional patents thus lapsed 12 months after each respective filing,
and the Company now maintains the intellectual properties related to each expired provisional patent application as a trade secret. Each
of the following provisional patent applications were filed with the U.S.P.T.O. 

39 

Cannabinoid Delivery System and Method of Making 

This provisional patent was filed September 13, 2019
(U.S. #62/900,181). A formal patent application was required to be filed by September 13, 2020. The Company chose to not pursue a formal
patent application for this method patent and decided to maintain the intellectual properties as trade secrets. The provisional patent
dealt the infusion of cannabis compounds into pharmaceuticals, foods, and beverages. 

Water Soluble Compositions With Enhanced Bioavailability 

This provisional patent was filed September 24, 2019
(U.S. #62/905,129). A formal patent application was required to be filed by September 24, 2020. The Company chose to not pursue a formal
patent application for this method patent and decided to maintain the intellectual properties as trade secrets. The provisional patent
dealt the infusion of cannabis compounds into pharmaceuticals, foods, and beverages. 

Printed Shape Changing Article for the Delivery
of Cannabinoids 

This provisional patent was filed October 1, 2019
(U.S. #62/909,189). A formal patent application was required to be filed by October 1, 2020. The Company chose to not pursue a formal
patent application for this method patent and decided to maintain the intellectual properties as trade secrets. The provisional patent
dealt the infusion of cannabis compounds into pharmaceuticals, foods, and beverages. 

Electrosprayed and Electrospun Cannabinoid Compositions 

This provisional patent was filed November 4, 2019
(U.S. #62/930,358). A formal patent application was required to be filed by November 4, 2020. The Company chose to not pursue a formal
patent application for this method patent and decided to maintain the intellectual properties as trade secrets. The provisional patent
dealt the infusion of cannabis compounds into pharmaceuticals, foods, and beverages. 

Cannabinoid Enriched Composition and Method
of Treating a Medical Condition Therewith 

This provisional patent was filed December 11, 2019
(U.S. #62/946,894). A formal patent application was required to be filed by December 11, 2020. The Company chose to not pursue a formal
patent application for this method patent and decided to maintain the intellectual properties as trade secrets. The provisional patent
dealt the infusion of cannabis compounds into pharmaceuticals, foods, and beverages. 

Article, Method and Apparatus for Producing
a Cannabinoid Enriched Beverage 

 This provisional patent was filed January 16, 2020
(U.S. #62/962,040). A formal patent application was required to be filed by January 16, 2021. The Company chose to not pursue a formal
patent application for this method patent and decided to maintain the intellectual properties as trade secrets. The provisional patent
dealt the infusion of cannabis compounds into pharmaceuticals, foods, and beverages. 

Printed Shape Changing Article for Delivery
of Cannabinoids 

 This provisional patent was
filed September 23, 2020 U.S. (#62/082,399). A formal patent application was required to be filed by September 23, 2021. The Company chose
to not pursue a formal patent application for this method patent and decided to maintain the intellectual properties as trade secrets.
The provisional patent dealt the infusion of cannabis compounds into pharmaceuticals, foods, and beverages. 

40 

Filed Pending Patent Applications 

A Cannaboside Composition and Method to Produce 

 This patent application was
filed on January 18, 2021 (U.S.P.T.O. #17/151,607) and is currently pending review by the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office. The Company
currently filed this patent application for international patent protection through the Patent Cooperation Treaty (PCT/US2021/013830).
The Patent Cooperation Treaty was ratified by the United States and 152 other countries which constitute the International Patent Cooperation
Union for the cooperation in the filing, searching, and examination, of applications for the protection of inventions, and for rendering
special technical services amongst the treaty members. The application is pending. This patent application seeks protection for a method
to allow the easier mixing of cannabis into foods and beverages. Generally, cannabis extracts are oil-based and do not mix well with water-based
foods and beverages. The technology invented by the company involves feeding oil-based cannabis extracts to insects. The insects then
process the extracts through their bodies resulting in water-based compounds being excreted in the insect bodies. These newly created
water-soluble compounds can then be harvested for use in foods, beverages, or pharmaceuticals. The patent claims coverage of both the
process to create the compounds, and the use of the compounds in foodstuffs and pharmaceutical preparations. 

 Electrosprayed and Electrospun Cannabinoid
Compositions and Process to Produce 

 This patent application was
filed on November 4, 2020 (U.S.P.T.O. #17/089,497 and is currently pending review by the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office. The Company
currently filed this patent application for international patent protection through the Patent Cooperation Treaty (PCT/US2020/058937).
The Patent Cooperation Treaty was ratified by the United States and 152 other countries which constitute the International Patent Cooperation
Union for the cooperation in the filing, searching, and examination, of applications for the protection of inventions, and for rendering
special technical services amongst the treaty members. The application is pending. The compositions invented by the company are nanoparticles
and nanofibers made from cannabinoids. Nanoparticles and nanofibers are very small units of a substance. In the case of the technologies
invented by the company, the units of cannabinoids created are in the areas between 100 nanometer and 700 nanometers wide. One nanometer
is equal to one billionth of a meter. It is thought that cannabinoids of these sizes are more available to the human body and can be utilized
in a host of different product applications to increase efficacy. An added feature of the invented technology is that the nanoparticles
and nanofibers are based on all natural ingredients. This differs, in the company's opinion, significantly from other preparations that
previously existed. Considering growing consumer taste for clean label products, the company believes natural compositions of cannabinoids
will be highly preferred by consumers. 

 Cannabinoid Enriched Composition and Method
of Using 

 This patent application was
filed on December 11, 2020 (U.S.P.T.O. 17/120,042) and is currently pending review by the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office. The Company
currently filed this patent application for international patent protection through the Patent Cooperation Treaty (PCT/US2021/64683).
The Patent Cooperation Treaty was ratified by the United States and 152 other countries which constitute the International Patent Cooperation
Union for the cooperation in the filing, searching, and examination, of applications for the protection of inventions, and for rendering
special technical services amongst the treaty members. The application is pending. This patent application was filed on December 11, 2020
(U.S.P.T.O. 17/120,042) and is currently pending review by the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office. The Company currently filed this patent
application for international patent protection through the Patent Cooperation Treaty (PCT/US2021/64683). The Patent Cooperation Treaty
was ratified by the United States and 152 other countries which constitute the International Patent Cooperation Union for the cooperation
in the filing, searching, and examination, of applications for the protection of inventions, and for rendering special technical services
amongst the treaty members. The application is pending. Specifically, the technology for which the company seeks protection are cannabinoids
in the form of free-flowing powders that can be used in foods and beverages. The Company believes use of the technology could potentially
significantly lower manufacturing costs for numerous manufacturers. Cannabinoids are typically sticky and unstable substances that are
difficult to work with relative to the manufacturing of foods, beverages, and pharmaceutical products. The cannabinoid containing free-flowing
powders invented by the company are significantly easier for manufacturers to utilize, thus potentially reducing manufacturing costs. 

41 

Trademarks 

Trademark Hemp You Can Feel On August 27, 2019, the Company filed a trademark application with the U.S.P.T.O. for its Hemp You Can Feel trade name. The U.S. Application Serial Number is 88595425. On June 24, 2020, the Company received a Notice of Nonfinal Office Action from the USPTO indicating the Company would have six months to respond to issues presented the Company by USPTO or be abandoned. The Company plans to re-file the application. 

Trademark Gummies You Can Feel . The Company received a Notice of Allowance from the USPTO on March 24, 2020. The U.S. Serial Number for the trademark is 88590925. 

Trademark Comply Bag . During January of 2021, the Company filed a trademark application with the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO) for its Comply Bag trade name. The application is pending. 

There can be no assurance any trademark protection will be provided, or that we will be successful in protecting our trademarks if issued. 

Hemp You Can Feel Products Suspended
Operations 

 Our Hemp You Can Feel products
reflect our research and development into hemp infused foods and beverages. Our research and development focus are solely on Industrial
Hemp containing .3 or less of THC. As of the date of this filing, our Hemp You Can Feel Product research and development operations
are suspended pending regulatory guidance from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration. We intend to restart our research and development
if and when the FDA issues regulatory guidance on the labeling, manufacturing and regulatory approval of industrial hemp and hemp-based
CBD products under the Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act. 

 To date, our research and development consisted
of development of the following products, none of which are available for sale as of the date of this filing: 

Hemp You Can Feel Alcohol Replacement Cocktail Mixers This is a line of alcohol-free cocktail mixers marketed online via our own website site and via our marketing partners. All products in this line test as having non-detectable levels of THC. 

42 

Hemp You Can Feel Coffee Products This is a line of hemp infused coffee products. All products in this line test as having non-detectable levels of THC. 

Hemp You Can Feel Gummies This is a line of all-natural hemp infused candy products. All products in this line test as having non-detectable levels of THC. 

Hemp You Can Feel Sweeteners A line of natural and artificial sweeteners. 

Hemp You Can Feel Coffee Pod and Single Serving Beverage Pod Infusion System Based on internally developed technology and those developed by the Company s contract research organization, the Company developed product lines consisting of infusion technologies designed to easily and to accurately dose single serving coffee and other beverage pods. 

Polymeric Nanoparticles and Polymeric
Nanofibers Research Program 

 The Company has an active
research and development program to develop novel polymeric nanoparticles and nanofibers of cannabinoids and hemp extracts. Polymeric
nanoparticles are very small solid particles with a size in the range of 10 1000 nanometers (nm or billionth of a meter) and are
made of biodegradable and biocompatible polymers or copolymers, in which cannabinoids or other active ingredients can be entrapped or
encapsulated. Polymeric nanoparticles are noted for and have attractive characteristics, such as small size, near water solubility, high
degrees of bioavailability, long shelf life and stability during storage. These properties are thought to be especially beneficial relative
to delivery of cannabinoids and hemp extracts to the human body. 

 Polymeric nanofibers are
fibers with diameters several orders of magnitude smaller than conventional fibers, typically in the size range of a few nanometers to
one micrometer. Due to their large surface areas per unit mass and extremely small pore size, these nanofibers demonstrate unique properties,
making the technology especially well-suited to transdermal delivery of active ingredients, including cannabinoids. 

 Project Varin 

 The primary
goal of Project Varin is the development of THC-V delivery methods that improve bioavailability of the cannabinoid to the human body.
The project was recently expanded to include cannabinol (CBN) an additional rare cannabinoid. 

 In the first
stage of the program researchers produced THC-V polymeric nanoparticles and nanofibers based on the Company s patent-pending technologies.
In the second phase of development, the Company plans to apply its ongoing cannabinoid glycosides research to THC-V, in order to produce
THC-V with unparalleled levels of availability at minimal usage levels. 

43 

As a result of Project Varin,
the Company has developed several new methods to produce cannabinoid nanoparticles and nanofibers, which the Company plans to formulate
into food and beverage ingredients for used in its own products or to be sold to other companies for inclusion in food, beverage, or other
consumer goods. The Company plans to continue other areas of delivery systems research via Project Varin including its programs pertaining
to cannabinoid glycosides, polymeric cannabinoid nanoparticles and nanofibers, and its hemp extract-based alcohol replacement technologies. 

Edible, Dissolvable Film Enhanced with
Solid Nanoparticles of Cannabinoids Research Program 

 The Company is seeking to commercialize
a unique invention of edible, disposable film enhanced with solid nanoparticles of cannabinoids under an agreement with Kirby Padgett,
LLC, a California limited liability company, entered into during June of 2019. Management believes there are numerous applications for
such a product, such as a container for ready-made foods, protein powders, vitamins, and nutraceuticals that can be simply dropped into
cold beverages, thus allowing the consumer to avoid additional steps of mixing ingredients. Additionally, since the film is impregnated
with what is believed to be highly bioavailable cannabinoids, the film will perhaps serve a dual purpose as a delivery vehicle for cannabinoids
to the body. Future versions of the film could include ingredients such as vitamins, trace minerals or active pharmaceutical ingredients.
On June 6, 2019, the Company entered into a joint intellectual property ownership and consulting agreement with Kirby Padgett, LLC,
a California Limited liability company in order to more fully develop and to commercialize the invention. Any intellectual property developed
under the collaboration effort will be considered joint property with all rights, title and interest assigned jointly to the Company and
Kirby. Each Party shall work with the other Party relative to all business and monetization of such new Joint Intellectual Property and
neither Party shall have any preferred rights over the other. Additionally, either party shall have the right to market the new invention
with any and all revenues, costs, and profits to be shared on a fifty percent/fifty percent (50 /50 shares by the parties. All expenses
will be agreed to in advance, with each Party sharing based on predetermined percentages of such expenses. 

 Our Marketing Programs 

The Company has only recently
begun its marketing programs, focusing its efforts first research and development, product formulation, packaging and company reorganization. 

 On
May 6, 2020, the Company signed a joint venture agreement with RxLeaf, Inc. RxLeaf a Delaware corporation, creating a
joint venture for the purpose of marketing the Company s products to consumers. Under the terms of the agreement, the Company will
produce products, which will be sold by RX Leaf via its digital marketing assets. The Company agreed to share the profits from the joint
venture on a 50/50 basis. 

The
Company s product are available on the RxLeaf website at www.rxleaf.com, and on its sister company site www.cannadish.net. The Company s
products are also offered by H Smart Inc. (dba hempSMART) at www.hempsmart.com. 

Results of Operations 

Revenues 

Revenues for the fiscal year ending
August 31, 2021 were 1,601,037 compared to product revenues of 27,004 during the fiscal year ending August 31, 2020. The increase in
product revenues was primarily attributable to the acquisition of NPE in February 2021, plus marketing and sales of new products into
the market. 

44 

Costs of Sales 

Cost of revenues for the fiscal
year ending August 31, 2021 was 1,416,779 compared to 24,521 for the fiscal year ending August 31, 2020. The increase was primarily
attributable to the results of NPE since it was acquired in February 2021, and other raw materials purchases commencing as the Company
began production of products for sale to customers. 

Gross Profit 

For the fiscal year ending August
31, 2021, we generated a gross profit of 184,258 compared to a gross profit of 2,483 for the fiscal year ending August 31, 2020. The
increase in gross margin is attributable to an increase in sales in fiscal 2021 from the NPE Acquisition. 

Operating Expenses 

Operating expenses for the fiscal
year ending August 31, 2021 totaled 2,128,182 compared to 3,626,375 for the period ending August 31, 2020. The decrease was primarily
attributable to the following: 

1) 
 A decrease in consulting services to 305,413 for the fiscal year ending August 31, 2021 compared to 2,033,801 for the fiscal year ending August 31, 2020. Consulting services decreased as a result expiration of several consultant agreements retained to assist the Company in its launch of its business operations in 2020, and significant stock-based compensation in the prior year. 

2) 
 A decrease in professional fees to 481,368 for the fiscal year ending August 31, 2021 compared to 717,548 for the previous reporting period. The decrease was due to fees paid in 2020 relating to the reorganization of the Company. 

3) 
 A decrease in advertising expense to 64,667 for the fiscal year ending August 31, 2021 compared to 213,302 for the previous reporting period. 

Operating Loss 

The operating loss for fiscal
year ending August 31, 2021 decreased to 1,943,924 from the 3,623,892 for the period ending August 31, 2020. The decrease in operating
losses for the fiscal year ending August 31, 2020 was directly attributable to increased product sales and decreased operating expenses,
as outlined above. 

Other Income and Expenses 

During the period ending August
31, 2021, we experienced a significant increase in other expenses, mainly as a result of interest expenses, which were 7,437,340 compared
to 1,422,469 for the year ending August 31, 2020, as a result of new convertible notes and derivative discounts on the increase convertible
debt. Additionally, the Company realized a gain on change in fair value of derivatives of 2,022,060, loss on investment of 55,435 and
a loss on cancellation of debt of 36,841. The Company also recognized an equity method loss of 211,376 primarily related to the NPE
investment prior to the Company obtaining control in February 2021, and a loss on the acquisition of 454,768. The net result was an increase
in the other loss category to a loss of 6,172,058 compared to a loss of 1,305,456 for the period ending August 31, 2020. 

45 

Net Loss 

Net loss for the fiscal year ending
August 31, 2021, was 8,115,982, an increase from 4,929,348 for the fiscal year ending August 31, 2020. The increase in the net loss
was primarily attributable to the significant increases in interest expenses during the fiscal year ending August 31, 2021 compared to
interest expenses for the fiscal year ending August 31, 2020. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

As of August 31, 2021, and August
31, 2020 our cash and cash equivalent balances were 30,813 and 2,338, respectively. 

Our primary internal sources of
liquidity during the year ended August 31, 2021 were provided by proceeds from the issuance of convertible notes payable, Series B Convertible
preferred stock, and the sale of unregistered common shares of the Company as follows: 

On September 2, 2020, the Company
issued two convertible promissory notes with an aggregate principal amount of 107,000, with the Company receiving proceeds of 100,000
after original issue discount of 5,000 and deferred finance costs of 2,000. The notes mature in September 2021 and bear interest at
12 per annum. Commencing one hundred eighty (180) days following the issuance date of the notes, the noteholders shall have the right
to convert all or any part of the outstanding and unpaid principal balance of the note, at any time, into shares of common stock of the
Company at variable conversion price of 60 of the lowest previous twenty (20) trading day closing trade prices of the Company s
common stock, subject to adjustment. The Company is prohibited from effecting a conversion of the note to the extent that, as a result
of such conversion, the noteholder, together with its affiliates, would beneficially own more than 4.99 of the number of shares of the
Company s common stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares of common stock upon conversion of
the note. 

On September 22, 2020, the Company
issued a convertible note in the amount of 78,000. The note matures on September 22, 2021 and bears 8 interest rate per annum. The note
is convertible into common shares at 37 discount for the average of the two lowest trading price of the common stock during the 15 trading
day period ending on the latest complete trading day prior to the conversion date. 

On September 24, 2020, the Company
issued a convertible note in the amount of 78,000. The note matures on June 24, 2021 and bears 10 interest rate per annum. The note
is convertible into common shares at a fixed conversion price of 0.06 or a conversion discount at rate of 30 to the lowest trading price
during the previous twenty (20) trading days to the date of a conversion notice; whichever is lower. 

46 

On September 30, 2020, the Company
entered into a securities exchange agreement with Marijuana Company of America, Inc., a Utah corporation MCOA ). By virtue
of the agreement, the Company issued 7,222,222 shares of its restricted common stock to MCOA in exchange for 650,000,000 shares of MCOA
restricted common stock. The Company and MCOA also entered into a lock up leak out agreement which prevents either party from sales of
the exchanged shares for a period of 12 months. Thereafter the parties may sell not more than the quantity of shares equaling an aggregate
maximum sale value of 20,000 per week, or 80,000 per month until all Shares and Exchange Shares are sold. 

On November 16, 2020, the Company
sold an aggregate 3,000,000 shares of Company common stock, par value 0.001, equal in value to 177,000 based on the closing price on
November 16, 2020. Of the total sold, 1,500,000 shares of common stock were sold to Edward Manolos and 1,500,000 shares of common stock
were sold to Thang Nguyen. The sales were made in regards to the Company s acquisition of Ethos, and its disclosures under
Item 1.01 are incorporated herein by reference. The Company issued the above shares of its common stock pursuant to the exemption
from the registration requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, available to the Company by Section 4(a)(2) promulgated
thereunder due to the fact that it was an isolated issuance and did not involve a public offering of securities. Messrs. Manolos and Nguyen
were accredited investors and/or sophisticated investors pursuant to Section 501(a)(b) of the Securities Act,
who provided the Company with representations, warranties and information concerning their qualifications as sophisticated investors 
and/or accredited investors. The Company provided and made available to Messrs. Manolos and Nguyen full information regarding
its business and operations. There was no general solicitation in connection with the offer or sale of the restricted securities. Messrs.
Manolos and Nguyen acquired the restricted common stock for their own accounts, for investment purposes and not with a view to public
resale or distribution thereof within the meaning of the Securities Act. The restricted shares cannot be sold unless subject to an effective
registration statement by the Company, or by an exemption from registration requirements of Section 5 of the Securities Act the
existence of any such exemption subject to legal review and approval by the Company. 

On December 1, 2020, the Company
entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement in connection with the issuance of an 8 convertible note with the principal amount of 33,500,
with an accredited investor. The note is convertible anytime after 180 days of issuance at a variable conversion price of 63 of the Market
Price at time of conversion. Market Price is defined as the average of the two lowest trading prices during the fifteen (15) days prior
to conversion. The Note and Purchase Agreement are attached to this filing. The Company received net cash proceeds of 30,000. 

On December 1, 2020, the Company
entered into an additional Securities Purchase Agreement in connection with the issuance of an 8 convertible note with the principal
amount of 33,500, with an accredited investor. The note is convertible anytime after 180 days of issuance at a variable conversion price
of 63 of the Market Price at time of conversion. Market Price is defined as the average of the two lowest trading prices during the fifteen
(15) days prior to conversion. The Company received net cash proceeds of 30,000. 

On January 3, 2021, we entered
into a settlement agreement with Robert L. Hymers, III Hymers concerning five delinquent payments totaling 100,000 due
under the stock purchase agreement whereby the Company purchased 266,667 shares of common stock of Natural Plant Extract of California
Inc., a California corporation NPE ), The Company was required to make 20,000 monthly for a period of twenty-seven (27)
months to Hymers, with the first payment commencing September 1, 2020 and the remaining payments due and payable on the first day of each
subsequent month until Hymers received 540,000. On January 3, 2021, we entered into a settlement concerning the outstanding payments
by agreeing to issue to Hymers a total of 1,585,791 shares of registered common stock from our S-1 registration statement made effective
during February 2021. 

47 

On January 5, 2021, the Company
entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement in connection with the issuance of an 10 convertible note with the principal amount of 110,000,
with an accredited investor. The note is convertible at a fixed conversion price of 0.005. In the event of default by the Company, or
after the public announcement of a change of control transaction as defined in the agreement, the conversion price is 0.001. The Company
received net proceeds of 97,500. 

On January 5, 2021, the Company
entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement in connection with the issuance of an 10 convertible note with the principal amount of 110,000,
with an accredited investor. The note is convertible at a fixed conversion price of 0.05. In the event of default by the Company, or
after the public announcement of a change of control transaction as defined in the agreement, the conversion price is 0.01. The Company
received net proceeds of 97,500. 

On January 12, 2021, the Company
entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement in connection with the issuance of an 10 convertible note with the principal amount of 115,500,
with an accredited investor. The note is convertible beginning 61 days from issuance at a fixed conversion price of 0.10 per share or
60 or the lowest trading price for ten days prior to conversion in the event that the Company s stock trades at less than 0.10
per share. The Company received net proceeds of 100,000. 

On January 26, 2021, the Company
entered into two Securities Purchase Agreements in connection with the issuance of two 10 convertible note with the principal amount
of 487,750, with an accredited investor. The note is convertible at 70 of the average of the three lowest trading prices for 20 days
prior to conversion. The Company received net proceeds of 431,000. 

On February 3, 2021, the Registrant
completed the sale of an aggregate of 4,700,000 registered shares of common stock registered on Form S-1 (File No. 333-250038) in two
transactions in exchange for a total purchase price of 282,000. The parties to the transactions were the Registrant and BHP Capital NY,
Inc., and Platinum Point Capital, LLC. There was no material relationship, other than in respect of the transactions, between BHP Capital
NY, Inc., Platinum Point Capital, LLC and the Registrant or any of its affiliates, or any director or officer of the Registrant, or any
associate of any such director or officer. BHP Capital NY, Inc. purchased 2,350,000 registered common shares in exchange for 141,000.
Platinum Point Capital, LLC purchased 2,350,000 registered common shares in exchange for 141,000. 

On January 27, 2021 Cannabis Global,
Inc. (the Registrant closed a material definitive agreement (MDA) with Edward Manolos, a director and related party. Pursuant
to the MDA, the Registrant purchased from Mr. Manolos 266,667 shares of common stock in Natural Plant Extract of California Inc., a California
corporation NPE ), representing 18.8 of the outstanding capital stock of NPE on a fully diluted basis. NPE operates a licensed
psychoactive cannabis manufacturing and distribution business operation in Lynwood, California. NPE is a privately held corporation. Under
the terms of the MDA, the Registrant acquired all beneficial ownership over the NPE shares in exchange for a purchase price of two million
forty thousand dollars 2,040,000). In lieu of a cash payment, the Registrant agreed to issue Mr. Manolos 11,383,929 restricted common
shares, valued for purposes of the MDA at 0.1792 per share. In connection with the MDA, the Registrant became a party to a Shareholders
Agreement by and among Alan Tsai, Hymers, Betterworld Ventures, LLC, Marijuana Company of America, Inc. and NPE. The Shareholders Agreement
contains customary rights and obligations, including restrictions on the transfer of the Shares. Additionally, the Registrant intends,
upon completion of the terms and conditions of the Material Definitive Agreement, to control the production, manufacturing and distribution
of both NPE and the Registrant s products. 

48 

On February 16, 2021, we purchased
266,667 shares of common stock of Natural Plant Extract of California Inc., a California corporation NPE ), from Alan Tsai,
in exchange for the issuance of 1,436,368 common shares. Other than with respect to the transaction, there was no material relationship
between Mr. Tsai and the Registrant. By virtue of the transaction, the Registrant acquired 18.8 of the outstanding capital stock of NPE,
bringing its total beneficial ownership in NPE to 56.5 . NPE operates a licensed psychoactive cannabis manufacturing and distribution
business operation in Lynwood, California. By virtue of its 56.5 ownership over NPE, the Company will control production, manufacturing
and distribution of both NPE and Company products. In connection with the MDA, the Registrant became a party to a Shareholders Agreement
by and among Edward Manolos, a director of the Company, Robert L. Hymers III, Betterworld Ventures, LLC, Marijuana Company of America,
Inc. and NPE. The Shareholders Agreement contains customary rights and obligations concerning operations, management, including restrictions
on the transfer of the Shares. 

On February 16, 2021, the Company
sold 1,133,334 registered common shares to accredited investors, realizing 68,000. 

On February 18, 2021, the Company
sold 683,333 registered common shares to an accredited investor, realizing proceeds of 41,000. 

On February 28, 2021, the Company
sold 153,000 Preferred Series B shares to an accredited investor, realizing proceeds of 153,000. The proceeds were not received until
March 2021, and the agreement was accounted for as a liability based on the terms of the Preferred Series B designation. 

On March 19, 2021, the Company
sold 78,500 Preferred Series B shares to an accredited investor, realizing gross proceeds of 78,500, and the agreement was accounted
for as a liability based on the terms of the Preferred Series B designation. 

On April 22, 2021, the Company
sold 53,750 Preferred Series B shares to an accredited investor, realizing gross proceeds of 53,750, and the agreement was accounted
for as a liability based on the terms of the Preferred Series B designation. 

On May 27, 2021, the Company sold
43,500 Preferred Series B shares to an accredited investor, realizing gross proceeds of 43,500, and the agreement was accounted for as
a liability based on the terms of the Preferred Series B designation. 

On March 8, 2021, the Company
sold a convertible note with a face value of 215,000. The note carries interest at 10 annually with a maturity date of March 8, 2022
with a Conversion Price that shall be equal to the lesser of 0.10 per share (the Fixed Conversion Price ), or seventy percent
(70 of the average the three (3) lowest traded prices during the twenty (20) consecutive trading day period ending on the trading day
immediately prior to the applicable conversion date. 

On
March 16, 2021, the Company sold a convertible note with a face value of 215,000. The note carries interest at 10 annually with a maturity
date of March 16, 2022 with a Conversion Price that shall be equal to the lesser of 0.10 per share (the Fixed Conversion Price ),
or seventy percent (70 of the average the three (3) lowest traded prices during the twenty (20) consecutive trading day period ending
on the trading day immediately prior to the applicable conversion date. 

On March 25, 2021, the Company
sold 1,314,188 registered common shares at a price of 0.06 for a total purchase price of 78,851.28 from the Registration Statement effective
November 19, 2020. 

On May 20, 2021, the Company sold
a convertible note to an accredited investor for proceeds of 130,000 at 8 per annum with a maturity date of May 20, 2022 with a Conversion
Price of Common Stock equal to 60 of the lowest trading price of the Common Stock which the Company s shares are traded for the
fifteen prior trading days of Notice of Conversion. 

49 

On June 16, 2021, the Company
sold a convertible note to an accredited investor for proceeds of 135,000 at 8 per annum with a maturity date of June 16, 2022 with
a Variable Conversion Price at a discount rate of 35 for the average of the two (2) lowest Trading Prices for the Common Stock during
the fifteen (15) Trading Day period ending on the latest complete Trading Day prior to the Conversion Date. The note becomes convertible
180 days from issuance. 

On July 14, 2021, the Company
sold 38,500 Preferred Series B shares to an accredited investor, realizing gross proceeds of 38,500, and the agreement was accounted
for as a liability based on the terms of the Preferred Series B designation. 

On August 4, 2021, the Company
sold a convertible note to an accredited investor for gross proceeds of 110,000 at 8 per annum with a maturity date of August 4, 2022
with a Variable Conversion Price at a discount rate of 40 of the lowest Trading Price for the Common Stock during the fifteen (15) Trading
Day period ending on the latest complete Trading Day prior to the Conversion Date. The note becomes convertible 180 days from issuance. 

We plan to use the proceeds from
sales of the primary offering to partially finance our business operations. We also intend to utilize cash on hand, loans and other forms
of financing such as the sale of additional equity and debt securities and other credit facilities to conduct our ongoing business, and
to also conduct strategic business development and implementation of our business plans generally. We are not intending to use any off-balance
sheet financing arrangements. 

Operating Activities 

For the fiscal year ending August
31, 2021 and the fiscal year ending August 31, 2020, the Company used cash for operating activities of 1,471,051 and 1,522,141, respectively.
Operating activities consisted of corporate overhead and initial research and development projects. The decrease in operating activity
costs was primarily due to the reduction in consulting costs and decreased activities relating to reorganization of the business operations
and implementation of new research and development programs . 

Investing Activities 

For the fiscal years ended August
31, 2021 and August 31, 2020 net cash used in investment activities was 7,311 and 15,499, respectively. Investing activities during
the year ended August 31, 2020 consisted of equipment purchases used to produce new products. For the fiscal year ending August 31, 2021,
investing activities consisted of equipment purchases of 9,511, and 2,200 of cash acquired in the acquisition of NPE. 

Financing Activities 

During the fiscal year ended August
31, 2021, the Company had cash inflows from financing activities of 1,506,837, consisting of 509,851 from the sales of common shares,
 2,136,250 from convertible notes payable which were offset with repayments on convertible notes payable of 964,500 and repayments on
notes payable of 174,764. During the fiscal year ended August 31, 2020, the Company had cash inflows from financing activities of 1,387,896
including 714,612 via the sales of common shares, 673,284 from convertible notes payable. 

Other Contractual Obligations 

Our Company entered into a one-year
lease during August of 2019 for a commercial food production facility located in Los Angeles, California. The one-year lease at a base
rate of 3,600 per month through September of 2020. Subsequent to the end of the financial reporting period, ending May 31, 2021, the
Company agreed to extend the lease for commercial food production facility located in Los Angeles, California, on a month-to-month basis.
As of May 31, 2021, the obligation was completed with the month-to-month contact ending in that date. 

On June 5, 2020, the Company entered
into an Assignment and Amendment to Commercial Lease Agreement whereby it leased commercial property located at 11116 Wright Road, Los
Angeles, CA 90262. The monthly rent is 11,000 per month. The lease terminates on June 30, 2022. The premises is used in connection
with NPE s operations including Cannabis delivery and operation in accordance with applicable city, county and California state
law including, but not limited to, the state cannabis licensing and program rules and local ordinances. 

50 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

We have no off-balance sheet arrangements. 

Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements 

We review new accounting standards as issued. Although
some of these accounting standards issued or effective after the end of our previous fiscal year may be applicable to the Company, we
have not identified any standards that we believe merit further discussion. We do not expect the adoption of any recently issued accounting
pronouncements to have a significant impact on our financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. 

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES
AND ESTIMATES 

Our discussion and analysis
of our financial condition and results of operations are based upon our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in
accordance with U.S. GAAP. The preparation of these consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that
affect the amounts reported in those statements. We have made our best estimates of certain amounts contained in our consolidated financial
statements. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances,
the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying value of assets and liabilities. However, application of our
accounting policies involves the exercise of judgment and use of assumptions as to future uncertainties, and, as a result, actual results
could differ materially from these estimates. Management believes that the estimates, assumptions, and judgments involved in the accounting
policies described below have the most significant impact on our consolidated financial statements. 

We cannot predict what future
laws and regulations might be passed that could have a material effect on our results of operations. We assess the impact of significant
changes in laws and regulations on a regular basis and update the assumptions and estimates used to prepare our financial statements when
we deem it necessary. 

Cash and Cash Equivalents 

 We consider all highly liquid investments with original
maturities of three months or less to be cash equivalents. Cash and cash equivalents are held in operating accounts at a major financial
institution. 

51 

Inventory 

 Inventory is primarily comprised
of work in progress. Inventory is valued at cost, based on the specific identification method, unless and until the market value for the
inventory is lower than cost, in which case an allowance is established to reduce the valuation to market value. As of August 31, 2021,
and August 31, 2020, market values of all of our inventory were at cost, and accordingly, no such valuation allowance was recognized. 

Accounts Receivable 

 Accounts receivables are recorded at the net value
of face amount less any allowance for doubtful accounts. On a periodic basis, we evaluate our accounts receivable and, based on a method
of specific identification of any accounts receivable for which we deem the net realizable value to be less than the gross amount of
accounts receivable recorded, we establish an allowance for doubtful accounts for those balances. In determining our need for an allowance
for doubtful accounts, we consider historical experience, analysis of past due amounts, client creditworthiness and any other relevant
available information. However, our actual experience may vary from our estimates. If the financial condition of our clients were to
deteriorate, resulting in their inability or unwillingness to pay our fees, we may need to record additional allowances or write-offs
in future periods. This risk is mitigated to the extent that we collect retainers from our clients prior to performing significant services. 

The
allowance for doubtful accounts, if any, is recorded as a reduction in revenue to the extent the provision relates to fee adjustments
and other discretionary pricing adjustments. To the extent the provision relates to a client's inability to make required payments on
accounts receivables, the provision is recorded in operating expenses. As of August 31, 2021, and August 31, 2020, we had no allowance
for doubtful accounts, respectively. 

Property and Equipment, net 

 Property and Equipment is stated at net book value,
cost less depreciation. Maintenance and repairs are expensed as incurred. Depreciation of owned equipment is provided using the straight-line
method over the estimated useful lives of the assets, ranging from two to seven years. Depreciation of capitalized construction in progress
costs, a component of property and equipment, net, begins once the underlying asset is placed into service and is recognized over the
estimated useful life. Property and equipment is reviewed for impairment as discussed below under Accounting for the Impairment
of Long-Lived Assets. We did not capitalize any interest as of August 31, 2021 and as of August 31, 2020. 

Accounting for the Impairment of Long-Lived
Assets 

 We evaluate long-lived assets for impairment whenever
events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. Upon such an occurrence, recoverability
of assets to be held and used is measured by comparing the carrying amount of an asset to forecasted undiscounted net cash flows expected
to be generated by the asset. If the carrying amount of the asset exceeds its estimated future cash flows, an impairment charge is recognized
by the amount by which the carrying amount of the asset exceeds the fair value of the asset. For long-lived assets held for sale, assets
are written down to fair value, less cost to sell. Fair value is determined based on discounted cash flows, appraised values or management's
estimates, depending upon the nature of the assets. We have not recorded any impairment charges related to long-lived assets during the
year ended August 31, 2021, and August 31, 2020. 

52 

Beneficial Conversion Feature 

 If the conversion features of conventional convertible
debt provide for a rate of conversion that is below market value at issuance, this feature is characterized as a beneficial conversion
feature BCF ). We record a BCF as a debt discount pursuant to Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB Accounting Standards Codification ACF Topic 470-20 Debt with Conversion and Other Options . In those circumstances,
the convertible debt is recorded net of the discount related to the BCF, and we amortize the discount to interest expense over the life
of the debt using the effective interest method. 

Revenue Recognition 

 Revenue is recognized in accordance with FASB ASC
Topic 606, Revenue Recognition. The guidance presents a single five-step model for comprehensive revenue recognition that requires an
entity to recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration
to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. 

In accordance with FASB ASC Topic 606, Revenue Recognition,
we recognize revenue when persuasive evidence of a significant financing component exists in our consulting and product sales contracts.
We examine and evaluate when our customers become liable to pay for goods and services; how much consideration is paid as compared to
the cash selling price of the goods or services; and, the length of time between our performance and the receipt of payment. 

Product Sales 

 Revenue from product sales, including delivery fees,
is recognized when an order has been obtained from the customer, the price is fixed and determinable when the order is placed, the product
is shipped, title has transferred and collectability is reasonably assured. Generally, we drop-ship orders to our clients with shipping-point
or destination terms. For any shipments with destination terms, the Company defers revenue until delivery to the customer. Given the facts
that (1) our customers exercise discretion in determining the timing of when they place their product order; and, (2) the price negotiated
in our product sales is fixed and determinable at the time the customer places the order, we are not of the opinion that our product sales
indicate or involve any significant customer financing that would materially change the amount of revenue recognized under the sales transaction,
or would otherwise contain a significant financing component for us or the customer under FASB ASC Topic 606. 

Costs of Revenues 

 Our policy is to recognize costs of revenue in the
same manner in conjunction with revenue recognition. Cost of revenues includes the costs directly attributable to revenue recognition
and includes compensation and fees for services, travel and other expenses for services and costs of products and equipment. Selling,
general and administrative expenses are charged to expense as incurred. 

Stock-Based Compensation 

 Restricted shares are awarded to employees and entitle
the grantee to receive shares of restricted common stock at the end of the established vesting period. The fair value of the grant is
based on the stock price on the date of grant. We recognize related compensation costs on a straight-line basis over the requisite vesting
period of the award, which to date has been one year from the grant date. 

53 

Income Taxes 

 We recognize deferred tax assets and liabilities for
the expected future tax consequences of events that have been included in the financial statements or tax returns in accordance with applicable
accounting guidance for accounting for income taxes, using currently enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which the differences
are expected to reverse. We record a valuation allowance when necessary to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized. 
For the years ended August 31, 2020 and August 31, 2019 we incurred no income taxes and had no liabilities related to federal or state
income taxes. 

Loss Contingencies 

 From time to time the Company is subject to
various legal proceedings and claims that arise in the ordinary course of business. On at least a quarterly basis, consistent with ASC
450-20-50-1C, if the Company determines that there is a reasonable possibility that a material loss may have been incurred, or is reasonably
estimable, regardless of whether the Company accrued for such a loss (or any portion of that loss), the Company will confer with its legal
counsel, consistent with ASC 450. If the material loss is determinable or reasonably estimable, the Company will record it in its accounts
and as a liability on the balance sheet. If the Company determines that such an estimate cannot be made, the Company's policy is to disclose
a demonstration of its attempt to estimate the loss or range of losses before concluding that an estimate cannot be made, and to disclose
it in the notes to the financial statements under Contingent Liabilities. 

Net Income (Loss) Per Common Share 

 We report net income (loss) per common share in accordance
with FASB ASC 260, Earnings per Share . This statement requires dual presentation of basic and diluted earnings with a reconciliation
of the numerator and denominator of the earnings per share computations. Basic net income (loss) per share is computed by dividing net
income attributable to common stockholders by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the period and
excludes the effects of any potentially dilutive securities. Diluted net income (loss) per share gives effect to any dilutive potential
common stock outstanding during the period. The computation does not assume conversion, exercise or contingent exercise of securities
that would have an anti-dilutive effect on earnings. 

Related Party Transactions 

 We follow FASB ASC subtopic 850-10, Related
Party Transactions , for the identification of related parties and disclosure of related party transactions. 

Pursuant to ASC 850-10-20, related parties include:
a) affiliates of the Company; b) entities for which investments in their equity securities would be required, absent the election of the
fair value option under the Fair Value Option Subsection of Section 825 10 15, to be accounted for by the equity method by
the investing entity; c) trusts for the benefit of employees, such as pension and profit-sharing trusts that are managed by or under the
trusteeship of management; d) principal owners of the Company; e) management of the Company; f) other parties with which the Company may
deal if one party controls or can significantly influence the management or operating policies of the other to an extent that one of the
transacting parties might be prevented from fully pursuing its own separate interests; and g) other parties that can significantly influence
the management or operating policies of the transacting parties or that have an ownership interest in one of the transacting parties and
can significantly influence the other to an extent that one or more of the transacting parties might be prevented from fully pursuing
its own separate interests. 

Material related party transactions are required to
be disclosed in the consolidated financial statements, other than compensation arrangements, expense allowances, and other similar items
in the ordinary course of business. However, disclosure of transactions that are eliminated in the preparation of consolidated or combined
financial statements is not required in those statements. The disclosures shall include: a) the nature of the relationship(s) involved;
b) a description of the transactions, including transactions to which no amounts or nominal amounts were ascribed, for each of the periods
for which statements of operation are presented, and such other information deemed necessary to an understanding of the effects of the
transactions on the financial statements; c) the dollar amounts of transactions for each of the periods for which statements of operations
are presented and the effects of any change in the method of establishing the terms from that used in the preceding period; and d) amounts
due from or to related parties as of the date of each balance sheet presented and, if not otherwise apparent, the terms and manner of
settlement. 

54 

Variable Interest Entities 

The Company accounts for arrangements that are not controlled through voting
or similar rights as variable interest entities VIEs ). An enterprise is required to consolidate a VIE if it is the primary
beneficiary of the VIE. A VIE is created when (i) the equity investment at risk is not sufficient to permit the entity to finance its
activities without additional subordinated financial support from other parties, or (ii) the entity s equity holders as a group
either: (a) lack the power, through voting or similar rights, to direct the activities of the entity that most significantly impact the
entity s economic performance, (b) are not obligated to absorb expected losses of the entity if they occur, or (c) do not have the
right to receive expected residual returns of the entity if they occur. If an entity is deemed to be a VIE, the enterprise that is deemed
to have a variable interest, or combination of variable interests, that provides the enterprise with a controlling financial interest
in the VIE, is considered the primary beneficiary and must consolidate the VIE. Investments where the Company has significant influence,
but not control, and joint ventures which are VIEs in which the Company is not the primary beneficiary, are recorded under the equity
method of accounting on the accompanying consolidated financial statements. 

As of August 31, 2020, the Company held a variable
interest in an entity for which it directly held an 18.8 equity interest, and indirectly controlled 37.6 of the equity. The entity was
not determined to be a VIE under ASC 810, as it did not meet the criteria outlined above. Since the Company indirectly controls less than
50 of the voting interest of the entity, the entity is not consolidated, and the Company accounted for the investment under the equity
method of accounting in accordance with ASC 321. Since the entity in which the Company holds its investment does not have a readily determinable
fair value, the Company elected to account for the investment under the measurement alternative, accounting for the investment at cost
less impairment, plus or minus any changes resulting from observable price changes in orderly transactions for the same investment. During
the year ended August 31, 2021, the Company acquired an additional 37.6 and had majority control. The Company accounted for the control
acquisition as a business combination and consolidates the entity within its financial statements. 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES
ABOUT MARKET RISK 

We are a smaller reporting
Company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information required under this item. 

55 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY
DATA 

Index to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 F-1 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of August 31, 2021 and 2020 
 F-2 

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended August 31, 2021 and 2020 
 F-3 

Consolidated Statement of Shareholders Equity (Deficit) for the years ended August 31, 2021 and 2020 
 F-4 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended August 31, 2021 and 2020 
 F-5 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-6 

56 

Boyle CPA, LLC 

 Certified Public Accountants 
Consultants 

 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Shareholders and 

 Board of Directors of Cannabis Global, Inc. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance
sheets of Cannabis Global, Inc. (the Company as of August 31, 2021 and 2020, the related consolidated statements of operations,
stockholders equity (deficit), and cash flows for each of the two-years in the period ended August 31, 2021, and the related notes
(collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all
material respects, the financial position of the Company as of August 31, 2021 and 2020, and the results of its operations and its cash
flows for each of the two years in the period ended August 31, 2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the
United States of America. 

Substantial Doubt About the Company s
Ability to Continue as a Going Concern 

The accompanying financial statements have been prepared
assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company s
cumulative net losses and negative operating cash flows raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern for one
year from the issuance of these financial statements. Management s plans are also described in Note 2. The consolidated financial
statements do not include adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis of Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our
audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules
and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audit in accordance with standards
of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit,
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audit included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matters 

The critical audit matter communicated below are
matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the
audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially
challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the
financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the 

critical audit matters below, providing separate
opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

Description of Matter 

As described in Notes 1, 6 and 7 to the consolidated
financial statements, during the year ended August 31, 2021, the Company acquired Natural Plant Extract of California, Inc. NPE ).
The Company accounted for this business combination under the acquisition method of accounting, resulting in Goodwill of 8,842,967. Auditing
the Company's accounting for its acquisition of was complex due to the significant estimation uncertainty in the Company s determination
of the fair value of the acquired assets and liabilities. The significant estimation uncertainty was primarily due to the sensitivity
of the respective fair values to underlying assumptions about the future performance of the acquired business. The Company used an income
and market method to determine the value of NPE . 

How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit 

To test the estimated fair value of the NPE, we performed
audit procedures that included, among others, evaluating the Company's selection of the valuation methodology, evaluating the methods
and significant assumptions used by management, and independently evaluating the completeness and accuracy of the underlying data supporting
the significant assumptions and estimates. 

/s/ Boyle CPA, LLC 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2017 

Red Bank, NJ 
December 14, 2021 

361 Hopedale Drive SE 
 P (732) 822-4427 
 
 Bayville, NJ 07701 
 F (732) 510-0665 

F- 1 

CANNABIS GLOBAL, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

August 31, 
 
 August 31, 

2021 
 
 2020 

ASSETS 

Current Assets: 

Cash 

30,813 

2,338 

Accounts Receivable 

113,379 

Notes Receivable, Current 

100,800 

Inventory 

189,081 

75,338 

Other Current Asset 

7,992 

Total Current Asset 

442,065 

77,676 

Machinery Equipment- Net 

218,535 

25,406 

Other Assets 

Long-Term Investments 

650,000 

1,714,903 

Intangible Assets 

500,000 

500,000 

Right of Use Asset 

634,637 

Goodwill 

8,842,967 

Notes Receivable 

41,000 

Security Deposit 

9,600 

7,200 

TOTAL ASSETS 

11,338,804 

2,325,185 

LIABILITIES STOCKHOLDER'S EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

Current Liabilities: 

Accounts Payable 

730,825 

233,568 

Accounts Payable - Related Party 

2,639 

1,139 

Accrued Interest 

212,202 

33,301 

Due to Joint Venture 

135,000 

Notes Payable, Current 

975,043 

Right of Use Liability, Current 

71,754 

Convertible Notes, Net of Debt Discount of 734,579 and 300,326, respectively 

1,206,708 

620,813 

Convertible Notes Related Party, Net of Debt Discount of 721,393 and 377,920, respectively 

408,607 

1,745,847 

Series B Convertible Preferred Stock, 1,000,000 shares authorized, 367,750 and 0 shares issued and outstanding 

148,775 

Derivative Liability 

4,747,614 

1,125,803 

Notes Payable - Related Party 

108,039 

Total Current Liabilities 

8,747,206 

3,760,471 

Right of Use Liability, Long-Term 

562,997 

Notes Payable 

672,794 

Total Liabilities 

9,982,997 

3,760,471 

Stockholder's Equity (Deficit) 

Preferred Stock, par value 0.0001, 

10,000,000 shares Authorized, 6,000,000 shares Issued and 

Outstanding at August 31, 2021 and 2020 

600 

600 

Common Stock, par value 0.001, 

1,000,000,000 shares Authorized, 84,940,028 shares Issued and 

Outstanding at August 31, 2021 and 27,082,419 at August 31, 2020 

84,938 

2,708 

Additional Paid-in Capital 

11,591,829 

4,618,168 

Shares to be issued 

2,078 

187 

Accumulated Deficit 

(13,891,788) 

(6,056,949) 

Total Stockholder's Equity (Deficit) Attributable to Cannabis Global, Inc. 

(2,212,343) 

(1,435,286) 

Noncontrolling Interest 

3,568,150 

Total Stockholder's Equity (Deficit) 

1,355,807 

(1,435,286) 
 
 TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDER'S EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

11,338,804 

2,325,185 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these audited consolidated financial statements 

F- 2 

CANNABIS GLOBAL, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS 

For the Year Ended 

August 31 
 
 August 31 

2021 
 
 2020 

Revenue: 

Products Sales 

1,601,037 

27,004 

Total Revenue 

1,601,037 

27,004 

Cost of Goods Sold 

1,416,779 

24,521 

Gross Profit 

184,258 

2,483 

Operating Expenses: 

Advertising Expenses 

64,667 

213,302 

Consulting Services 

305,413 

2,033,801 

Professional Fees 

481,368 

717,548 

General and Administrative Expenses 

1,276,734 

661,724 

Total Operating Expenses 

2,128,182 

3,626,375 

Operating Loss 

(1,943,924) 

(3,623,892) 

Other Income (Expense) 

Interest Expense 

(7,437,340) 

(1,422,469) 
 
 Gain (loss) on Debt Cancellation 

(36,841) 

45,745 

Changes in Fair Value of Derivatives 

2,022,060 

111,268 

Uncollectible Note Receivable 

(40,000) 
 
 Loss on Investment 

(55,435) 

Loss on Acquisition 

(454,768) 

Equity Method Loss 

(211,376) 

Other Income 

1,642 

Total Other Income (Expense) 

(6,172,058) 

(1,305,456) 

Net Loss 

(8,115,982) 

(4,929,348) 

Net Loss Attributable to Noncontrolling Interest 

281,143 

Net Loss Attributable to Cannabis Global, Inc. 

(7,834,839) 

(4,929,348) 

Basic Diluted Loss per Common Share 

(0.13) 

(0.29) 

Weighted Average Common Shares 

Outstanding 

58,288,760 

17,101,743 

See the accompanying notes to these audited consolidated
financial statements 

F- 3 

CANNABIS GLOBAL, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

 FOR THE YEARS ENDED AUGUST 31, 2021 AND 2020 

Class A Preferred Stock 
 
 Common Stock 
 
 Common Stock to be issued 
 
 Additional Paid In 
 
 Accumulated 
 
 Stockholders Equity Attributable to Cannabis Global 
 
 Noncontrolling 
 
 Total Stockholders' 

Shares 
 
 Amount 
 
 Shares 
 
 Amount 
 
 Shares 
 
 Amount 
 
 Capital 
 
 Deficit 
 
 Inc. 
 
 Interest 
 
 Equity 
 
 Balance, August 31, 2019 

12,524,307 

1,253 

1,893,333 

189 

1,187,574 

(1,127,601) 

61,415 

61,415 

Stock based compensation 

9,188,888 

919 

(1,226,579) 

(122) 

2,347,336 

2,348,133 

2,348,133 

Proceeds from common stock subscriptions 

5,180,402 

517 

510,204 

51 

714,044 

714,612 

714,612 

Common stock issued in settlement of convertible notes payable and accrued interest 

694,900 

69 

242,566 

242,635 

242,635 

Discount on convertible notes 

126,467 

126,467 

126,467 

Preferred stock issued 

6,000,000 

600 

200 

800 

800 

Effects of Reverse stock-split 

188,822 

19 

(19) 

Net Loss 

(4,929,348) 

(4,929,348) 

(4,929,348) 
 
 Balance, August 31, 2020 

6,000,000 

600 

27,082,419 

2,708 

1,871,858 

187 

4,618,168 

(6,056,949) 

(1,435,286) 

(1,435,286) 
 
 Stock based compensation 

8,006,543 

8,007 

(600,000) 

(600) 

586,360 

593,767 

593,767 

Proceeds from common stock subscriptions 

8,341,059 

8,341 

189,796 

190 

501,320 

509,85 

509,851 

Common stock issued for investment 

20,042,519 

20,042 

618,000 

618 

2,906,950 

2,927,610 

3,849,293 

6,776,903 

Common stock issued in settlement of convertible notes payable and accrued interest 

21,467,488 

21,468 

1,196,142 

1,217,610 

1,217,610 

Effects of Par value adjustment 

24,372 

1,683 

(26,055) 

Derivative impact of conversions 

1,808,944 

1,808,944 

1,808,944 

Net Loss 

(7,834,839) 

(7,834,839) 

(281,143) 

(8,115,982) 
 
 Balance, August 31, 2021 

6,000,000 

600 

84,940,028 

84,938 

2,079,654 

2,078 

11,591,829 

(13,891,788) 

(2,212,343) 

3,568,150 

1,355,807 

See the accompanying notes to these audited consolidated
financial statements 

F- 4 

CANNABIS GLOBAL, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For the Year Ended 

August 31 
 
 August 31 

2021 
 
 2020 
 
 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING 

ACTIVITIES: 

Net Loss 

(8,115,982) 

(4,929,348) 
 
 Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash 

used in operating activities: 

Non-Cash Interest Expense 

6,850,922 

1,299,876 

Uncollectible Note Receivable 

40,000 

Loss on Investment Share Exchange 

55,435 

Loss on Acquisition 

454,768 

Equity Method Loss From Investments 

211,376 

Depreciation Expense 

45,482 

3,342 

Stock Based Compensation 

593,767 

2,348,133 

Changes in Fair Value of Derivative Liabilities 

(2,022,060) 

(111,268) 
 
 Right of Use Asset Amortization 

38,788 

Gain (Loss) on Debt Cancellation 

36,841 

(45,745) 
 
 Changes In: 

Accounts Receivable 

80,228 

Other Current Assets 

(7,992) 

Inventory 

(113,743) 

(73,039) 
 
 Other Asset 

18,047 

Accounts Payable and Accrued Expenses 

118,003 

(87,393) 
 
 Accounts Payable - Related Party 

1,500 

Accrued Interest 

187,243 

33,301 

Right of Use Lease Liability 

(38,674) 

Due to Joint Venture 

135,000 

Net Cash Used in Operating Activities 

(1,471,051) 

(1,522,141) 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES 

Purchase of Machinery Equipment 

(9,511) 

(15,499) 
 
 Cash Acquired in Acquisition 

2,200 

Net Cash Used In Investing Activities 

(7,311) 

(15,499) 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

Proceeds from Issuances of Common Stock 

509,851 

714,612 

Proceeds from Convertible Debentures 

2,136,250 

673,284 

Repayment of Convertible Notes Payable 

(964,500) 

Repayment of Notes Payable 

(174,764) 

Net Cash Provided by Financing Activities 

1,506,837 

1,387,896 

Net (Decrease) Increase in Cash 

28,475 

(149,744) 
 
 Cash at Beginning of Period 

2,338 

152,082 

Cash at End of Period 

30,813 

2,338 

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION: 

Cash paid during the year for: 

Interest 

324,452 

Taxes 

Shares to be issued and loan incurred for investment 

650,000 

1,714,903 

Common Stock Issued for Acquisition of NPE 

2,222,175 

Increase in Noncontrolling Interest from Acquisition of NPE 

3,849,293 

Shares issued for Conversion of Notes Payable and Accrued Interest 

914,979 

See the accompanying notes to these audited consolidated
financial statements 

F- 5 

CANNABIS GLOBAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 August 31, 2021 

NOTE 1 Organization and Description of Business 

Cannabis Global, Inc. is
located at 520 S Grand Avenue, Suite 320, Los Angeles, California 90071. Our telephone number is (310) 986-4929 and our website is accessible
at www.cannabisglobalinc.com Our shares of Common Stock are quoted on the OTC Markets Pink, operated by OTC Markets Group,
Inc., under the ticker symbol CGBL. 

 Historical Development 

We incorporated in Nevada in 2005
under the name MultiChannel Technologies Corporation, a wholly owned subsidiary of Octillion Corporation, a development stage technology
company focused on the identification, acquisition and development of emerging solar energy and solar related technologies. In April,
2005, we changed our name to MicroChannel Technologies, Inc., and in June, 2008, began trading on the OTC Markets under the trading symbol
 MCTC. Our business focused on research and development of a patented intellectual properties combining physical, chemical
and biological cues at the cellular level to facilitate peripheral nerve regeneration. 

On June 27, 2018, we changed domiciles
from the State of Nevada to the State of Delaware, and thereafter reorganized under the Delaware Holding Company Statute. On or about
July 12, 2018, we formed two subsidiaries for the purpose of effecting the reorganization. We incorporated MCTC Holdings, Inc. and MCTC
Holdings Inc. incorporated MicroChannel Corp. We then effected a merger involving the three constituent entities, and under the terms
of the merger we were merged into MicroChannel Corp., with MicroChannel Corp. surviving and our separate corporate existence ceasing.
Following the merger, MCTC Holdings, Inc. became the surviving publicly traded issuer, and all of our assets and liabilities were merged
into MCTC Holdings, Inc. s wholly owned subsidiary MicroChannel Corp. Our shareholders became the shareholders of MCTC Holdings,
Inc. on a one for one basis. 

On May 25, 2019, Lauderdale Holdings,
LLC, a Florida limited liability company, and beneficial owner 70.7 of our issued and outstanding common stock, sold 130,000,000 common
shares, to Mr. Robert Hymers, Mr. Edward Manolos and Mr. Dan Nguyen, all of whom were previously unaffiliated parties of the Company.
Each individual purchased 43,333,333 common shares for 108,333 or an aggregate of 325,000. These series of transactions constituted
a change in control. 

On August 9, 2019, we filed a
DBA in California registering the operating name Cannabis Global. On July 1, 2019, the Company entered into a 100 business acquisition
with Action Nutraceuticals, Inc., a company owned by our CEO, Arman Tabatabaei in exchange for 1,000 (see Related Party Transactions ). 

Effective as of September 30,
2019, we affected a reverse split of our common shares effective as at the rate of 1:15. 

On September 11, 2019, we formed
a subsidiary Aidan Co, Inc. Aidan a California corporation as a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. Aidan will
be engaged in various related business opportunities. At this time Aidan has no operations. 

On December 4, 2019, our shareholders
approved and authorized (i) re-domiciling the Company from Delaware to Nevada; (ii) changing the name of the Company from MCTC Holdings,
Inc. to Cannabis Global, Inc.; and, (iii) seeking a corresponding change of name and new trading symbol for the Company with FINRA. 

F- 6 

CANNABIS GLOBAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 August 31, 2021 

On March 30, 2020, we filed Articles
of Conversion with the Delaware Secretary of State, electing to convert and re-domicile the Company from a Delaware corporation to a newly
formed Nevada corporation named Cannabis Global, Inc. Concurrently, the Registrant filed Articles of Incorporation and Articles of Domestication
with the Nevada Secretary of State incorporating the Registrant in Nevada under the name Cannabis Global, Inc. and accepting the re-domicile
of Registrant s Delaware corporation. There was no change to the Registrant s fiscal year end. As a result of our FINRA
corporate action, our name was changed to Cannabis Global, Inc. and our trading symbol changed to CBGL. 

On April 18, 2020, we formed
a subsidiary Hemp You Can Feel, Inc., a California corporation HYCF ), as a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. HYCF
will be engaged in various related business opportunities. At this time HYCF has no operations. 

On May 6, 2020, we signed a joint
venture agreement with RxLeaf, Inc. RxLeaf a Delaware corporation, creating a joint venture for the purpose of marketing
the Company s products to consumers. Under the terms of the agreement, the Company will produce products, which will be sold by
RX Leaf via its digital marketing assets. The Company agreed to share the profits from the joint venture on a 50/50 basis. 

On July 22, 2020, we signed a
management agreement with Whisper Weed, Inc., a California corporation Whisper Weed ). Edward Manolos, our director, is
a shareholder in Whisper Weed (see Related Party Transactions ). Whisper Weed conducts licensed delivery of cannabis products
in California. The material definitive agreement requires the parties to create a separate entity, CGI Whisper W, Inc. in California as
a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. The business of CGI Whisper W, Inc. will be to provide management services for the lawful delivery
of cannabis in the State of California. The Company will manage CGI Whisper W, Inc. operations. In exchange for the Company providing
management services to Whisper Weed through the auspices of CGI Whisper W, Inc., the Company will receive as consideration a quarterly
fee of 51 of the net profits earned by Whisper Weed. As separate consideration for the transaction, the Company agreed to issue to Whisper
Weed 150,000 in the Company s restricted common stock, valued for purposes of issuance based on the average closing price of the
Company s common stock for the twenty days preceding the entry into the material definitive agreement. Additionally, the Company
agreed to amend its articles of incorporation to designate a new class of preferred shares. The preferred class will be designated and
issued to Whisper Weed in an amount equal to two times the quarterly payment made to the Company. The preferred shares will be convertible
into the Company s common stock after 6 months, and shall be senior to other debts of the Company. The conversion to common stock
will be based on a value of common stock equal to at least two times the actual sales for the previous 90 day period The Company agreed
to include in the designation the obligation to make a single dividend payment to Whisper Weed equal to 90 of the initial quarterly net
profits payable by Whisper Weed. To date, the Company has not issued the common or preferred shares, and the business is in the development
stage. 

On August 31, 2020, we entered
into a stock purchase agreement with Robert L. Hymers III Hymers ). Pursuant to the Stock Purchase Agreement, the Company
purchased from Hymers 266,667 shares of common stock of Natural Plant Extract of California Inc., a private California corporation NPE ),
in exchange for 2,040,000. The purchased shares of common stock represents 18.8 of the outstanding capital stock of NPE on a fully diluted
basis. NPE operates a licensed psychoactive cannabis manufacturing and distribution business operation in Lynwood, California. In connection
with the stock purchase agreement, we became a party to a Shareholders Agreement, dated June 5, 2020, by and among Alan Tsai, Hymers,
Betterworld Ventures, LLC, Marijuana Company of America, Inc. and NPE. The Shareholders Agreement contains customary rights and obligations,
including restrictions on the transfer of the Shares. On June 11, 2021, the Company and Hymers amended the stock purchase agreement to
exchange the Registrant s obligations to make monthly payments, for our issuance of a Convertible Note for the same amount, with
principal and interest due on June 11, 2022. The Convertible Note also provides Hymers with the right to convert outstanding principal
and interest into our common stock at a fixed price of 0.04 per share, unless, at the time the amounts due under this Note are eligible
for conversion, the Securities and Exchange Commission has not enacted any amendment to the provisions of Rule 144(d)(iii) or other provision
in a manner that would adversely affect the tacking of variable rate securities. In such event the Conversion Price shall equal 60 of
the lowest trading price of the Company s Common Stock for the 10 trading days immediately preceding the delivery of a Notice of
Conversion to the Company. The Company also agreed, in the event that it determined to prepare and file a registration statement concerning
its common stock, to include all the shares issuable upon conversion of this Note. 

F- 7 

CANNABIS GLOBAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 August 31, 2021 

On September 30, 2020, the Company
entered into a securities exchange agreement with Marijuana Company of America, Inc., a Utah corporation MCOA ). By virtue
of the agreement, the Company issued 7,222,222 shares of its unregistered common stock to MCOA in exchange for 650,000,000 shares of MCOA
unregistered common stock. The Company and MCOA also entered into a lock up leak out agreement which prevents either party from sales
of the exchanged shares for a period of 12 months. Thereafter the parties may sell not more than the quantity of shares equaling an aggregate
maximum sale value of 20,000 per week, or 80,000 per month until all Shares and Exchange Shares are sold. On June 9, 2021, the parties
amended their securities exchange agreement to delete the lock up leak out agreement, and the requirement to conduct quarterly reviews
of each party s respective stock price for purposes of evaluating whether additional share issuances are required to maintain the
value of exchanged common shares equal to 650,000. As consideration for the amendment, we issued MCOA 618,000 shares of restricted common
stock. We issued the common stock pursuant to the exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as
amended, available to the Company by Section 4(a)(2) promulgated thereunder due to the fact that it was an isolated issuance and did not
involve a public offering of securities. 

On November 16, 2020, we entered
into a business acquisition agreement with Ethos Technology LLC, dba Comply Bag, a California limited liability company Ethos ).
Ethos is a development stage business in the process of entering the market for cannabis trackable storage bags. By virtue of the agreement,
Ethos sold, assigned, and transferred to the Company all of Ethos business, including all of its assets and associated liabilities,
in exchange for the Company s issuance of an aggregate of 6,000,000 common shares. 3,000,000 shares were due at signing, with 1,500,000
shares being issued to Edward Manolos, and 1,500,000 shares being issued to Thang Nguyen. Mr. Manolos is our director and a related party.
Mr. Nguyen is the brother of Dan Van Nguyen, our director and a related party. After Ethos ships orders for Ethos products equaling 1,000,000
to unaffiliated parties, the Company will issue to Messrs. Manolos and Nguyen an additional 1,500,000 shares of common stock each. At
the closing we sold an aggregate 3,000,000 shares of Company common stock, par value 0.001, equal in value to 177,000 based on closing
price on November 16, 2020. Of the total sold, 1,500,000 shares of common stock were sold to Edward Manolos and 1,500,000 shares of common
stock were sold to Thang Nguyen. We issued the above shares of its common stock pursuant to the exemption from the registration
requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, available to the Company by Section 4(a)(2) promulgated thereunder due to the
fact that it was an isolated issuance and did not involve a public offering of securities. 

On January 27, 2021, we closed
a material definitive agreement (MDA) with Edward Manolos, our director and related party. Pursuant to the MDA, the Company purchased
from Mr. Manolos 266,667 shares of common stock in Natural Plant Extract of California Inc., a California corporation NPE ),
representing 18.8 of the outstanding capital stock of NPE on a fully diluted basis. NPE operates a licensed psychoactive cannabis manufacturing
and distribution business operation in Lynwood, California. NPE is a privately held corporation. Under the terms of the MDA, we acquired
all beneficial ownership over the NPE shares in exchange for a purchase price of two million forty thousand dollars 2,040,000). In lieu
of a cash payment, we agreed to issue Mr. Manolos 11,383,929 restricted common shares, valued for purposes of the MDA at 0.1792 per share.
In connection with the MDA, we became a party to a Shareholders Agreement by and among Alan Tsai, Hymers, Betterworld Ventures, LLC, Marijuana
Company of America, Inc. and NPE. The Shareholders Agreement contains customary rights and obligations, including restrictions on the
transfer of the Shares. Mr. Manolos is our director as well as a directly of Marijuana Company of America and is therefore a related party. 

F- 8 

CANNABIS GLOBAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 August 31, 2021 

On February 16, 2021, we purchased
266,667 shares of common stock of Natural Plant Extract of California Inc., a California corporation NPE ), from Alan Tsai,
in exchange for the issuance of 1,436,368 common shares. Other than with respect to the transaction, there was no material relationship
between Mr. Tsai and the Registrant. By virtue of the transaction, the Registrant acquired 18.8 of the outstanding capital stock of NPE,
bringing its total beneficial ownership in NPE to 56.5 . NPE operates a licensed psychoactive cannabis manufacturing and distribution
business operation in Lynwood, California. By virtue of its 56.5 ownership over NPE, the Company will control production, manufacturing
and distribution of both NPE and Company products. In connection with the MDA, the Registrant became a party to a Shareholders Agreement
by and among Edward Manolos, a director of the Company, Robert L. Hymers III, Betterworld Ventures, LLC, Marijuana Company of America,
Inc. and NPE. The Shareholders Agreement contains customary rights and obligations concerning operations, management, including restrictions
on the transfer of the Shares. 

On May 12, 2021, The Company and
Marijuana Company of America (MCOA) agreed to operate a joint venture through a new Nevada corporation named MCOA Lynwood Services, Inc.
The parties agreed to finance a regulated and licensed laboratory to produce various cannabis products under the legal framework outlined
by the City of Lynwood, California, Los Angeles County and the State of California. We own a controlling interest in Natural Plant Extract
of California, Inc., which operates a licensed cannabis manufacturing operation in Lynwood, California. As its contribution the joint
venture, MCOA agreed to purchase and install equipment for joint venture operations, which will then be rented to the joint venture, and
also provide funding relating to marketing the products produced by the capital equipment. We agreed to provide use of our manufacturing
and distribution licenses; access to the Lynwood, California facility; use of the specific areas within the Lynwood Facility suitable
for the types of manufacturing selected by the joint venture; and, management expertise require to carry on the joint venture s
operations. Our ownership of the joint venture was agreed to be 60 and 40 with MCOA. Royalties from profits realized as the result of
sales of products from the joint venture were also agreed to be distributed as 60 to us and 40 to MCOA. MCOA contributed 135,000 of
cash to the joint venture for its operations. 

F- 9 

CANNABIS GLOBAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 August 31, 2021 

NOTE 2 Going Concern Uncertainties and
Liquidity Requirements 

During financial reporting
period ending August 31, 2021, the Company generated 1,601,037 in revenues, has an accumulated deficit of 13,891,788, and does not have
positive cash flows from operating activities. The Company expects to incur additional losses as begins to execute its business strategy
in the cannabinoid marketplace. The Company will be subject to the risks, uncertainties, and difficulties frequently encountered by early-stage
companies. The Company may not be able to successfully address any or all of these risks and uncertainties. Failure to adequately do so
could cause the Company s business, results of operations, and financial condition to suffer. These conditions raise substantial
doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern for a period of one year from the issuance date of these financial
statements. 

 The Company s ability
to continue as a going concern is an issue due to its net losses and negative cash flows from operations, and its need for additional
financing to fund future operations. Management plans to obtain necessary funding from outside sources and through the sales of Company
shares. There can be no assurance that such funds, if available, can be obtained on terms reasonable to the Company. The accompanying
financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern and do not include any adjustments
that may result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

 Based on the Company s
current level of expenditures, management believes that cash on hand is not adequate to fund operations for the next twelve months. Management
of the Company is estimating approximately 1,000,000 will be required over the next twelve months to fully execute its business strategy.
These can be no assurance the Company will be able to obtain such funds. 

NOTE 3 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 

Our discussion
and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based upon our consolidated financial statements, which have been
prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. The preparation of these consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments
that affect the amounts reported in those statements. We have made our best estimates of certain amounts contained in our consolidated
financial statements. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe are reasonable under
the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying value of assets and liabilities. However,
application of our accounting policies involves the exercise of judgment and use of assumptions as to future uncertainties, and, as a
result, actual results could differ materially from these estimates. Management believes that the estimates, assumptions, and judgments
involved in the accounting policies described below have the most significant impact on our consolidated financial statements. 

We cannot
predict what future laws and regulations might be passed that could have a material effect on our results of operations. We assess the
impact of significant changes in laws and regulations on a regular basis and update the assumptions and estimates used to prepare our
financial statements when we deem it necessary. 

F- 10 

CANNABIS GLOBAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 August 31, 2021 

Derivative Instruments 

The fair value of derivative instruments is recorded
and shown separately under current liabilities. Changes in the fair value of derivatives liability are recorded in the consolidated statement
of operations under non-operating income (expense). 

We evaluate all of our financial instruments to determine
if such instruments are derivatives or contain features that qualify as embedded derivatives. For derivative financial instruments that
are accounted for as liabilities, the derivative instrument is initially recorded at its fair value and is then re-valued at each reporting
date, with changes in the fair value reported in the consolidated statements of operations. For stock-based derivative financial instruments,
we use a weighted average Binomial option-pricing model to value the derivative instruments at inception and on subsequent valuation dates.
The classification of derivative instruments, including whether such instruments should be recorded as liabilities or as equity, is evaluated
at the end of each reporting period. Derivative instrument liabilities are classified in the balance sheet as current or non-current based
on whether or not net-cash settlement of the derivative instrument could be required within 12 months of the balance sheet date. 

Consolidation 

The consolidated
financial statements include the accounts of the Company, its wholly owned subsidiaries, and NPE, in which the Company controls 56.4 
of the common stock. All intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. 

Variable Interest Entities 

The Company accounts for arrangements that are not
controlled through voting or similar rights as variable interest entities VIEs ). An enterprise is required to consolidate
a VIE if it is the primary beneficiary of the VIE. A VIE is created when (i) the equity investment at risk is not sufficient to permit
the entity to finance its activities without additional subordinated financial support from other parties, or (ii) the entity s
equity holders as a group either: (a) lack the power, through voting or similar rights, to direct the activities of the entity that most
significantly impact the entity s economic performance, (b) are not obligated to absorb expected losses of the entity if they occur,
or (c) do not have the right to receive expected residual returns of the entity if they occur. If an entity is deemed to be a VIE, the
enterprise that is deemed to have a variable interest, or combination of variable interests, that provides the enterprise with a controlling
financial interest in the VIE, is considered the primary beneficiary and must consolidate the VIE. Investments where the Company has significant
influence, but not control, and joint ventures which are VIEs in which the Company is not the primary beneficiary, are recorded under
the equity method of accounting on the accompanying consolidated financial statements. 

As of
August 31, 2020, the Company held a variable interest in an entity for which it directly held an 18.8 equity interest, and indirectly
controlled 37.6 of the equity. The entity was not determined to be a VIE under ASC 810, as it did not meet the criteria outlined above.
Since the Company indirectly controls less than 50 of the voting interest of the entity, the entity is not consolidated, and the Company
accounts for the investment under the equity method of accounting in accordance with ASC 321. Since the entity in which the Company holds
its investment does not have a readily determinable fair value, the Company elected to account for the investment under the measurement
alternative, accounting for the investment at cost less impairment, plus or minus any changes resulting from observable price changes
in orderly transactions for the same investment. During the year ended August 31, 2021, the Company acquired majority control in NPE and
now consolidates the entity. See Note 7 for additional information on this investment. 

Use of Estimates 

The preparation of financial statements
in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities
and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses
during the reporting periods. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 

F- 11 

CANNABIS GLOBAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 August 31, 2021 

The extent to which the COVID-19
pandemic impacts the Company s business and financial results will depend on numerous evolving factors including, but not limited
to: the magnitude and duration of the COVID-19 pandemic, the extent to which it will impact worldwide macroeconomic conditions, the speed
of the anticipated recovery, and governmental and business reactions to the pandemic. The Company assessed certain accounting matters
that generally require consideration of forecasted financial information in context with the information reasonably available to the Company
and the unknown future impacts of COVID-19 as of August 30, 2020 and through the date of this report. The matters assessed included accounts
receivable and the carrying value of investments, intangible assets and other long-lived assets. The Company s future assessment
of the magnitude and duration of COVID-19, as well as other factors, could result in additional material impacts to the Company s
consolidated financial statements in future reporting periods. 

Cash and Cash Equivalents 

 We consider all highly liquid
investments with original maturities of three months or less to be cash equivalents. Cash and cash equivalents are held in operating accounts
at a major financial institution. 

Inventory 

 Inventory
is primarily comprised of work in progress. Inventory is valued at cost, based on the specific identification method, unless and until
the net realizable value for the inventory is lower than cost, in which case an allowance is established to reduce the valuation to the
net realizable value. As of August 31, 2021, and August 31, 2020, market values of all of our inventory were at cost, and accordingly,
no such valuation allowance was recognized. 

Deposits 

 Deposits is comprised of advance
payments made to third parties, primarily for inventory for which we have not yet taken title. When we take title to inventory for which
deposits are made, the related amount is classified as inventory, then recognized as a cost of revenues upon sale (see Costs of
Revenues below). There were no deposits as of August 31, 2021 or August 31, 2020. 

Prepaid Expenses and Other Current Assets 

 Prepaid expenses and other current
assets is primarily comprised of advance payments made to third parties for independent contractors services or other general expenses.
Prepaid services and general expenses are amortized over the applicable periods which approximate the life of the contract or service
period. 

Accounts Receivable 

 Accounts receivables are recorded
at the net value of face amount less any allowance for doubtful accounts. On a periodic basis, we evaluate our accounts receivable and,
based on a method of specific identification of any accounts receivable for which we deem the net realizable value to be less than the
gross amount of accounts receivable recorded, we establish an allowance for doubtful accounts for those balances. In determining our need
for an allowance for doubtful accounts, we consider historical experience, analysis of past due amounts, client creditworthiness and any
other relevant available information. However, our actual experience may vary from our estimates. If the financial condition of our clients
were to deteriorate, resulting in their inability or unwillingness to pay our fees, we may need to record additional allowances or write-offs
in future periods. This risk is mitigated to the extent that we collect retainers from our clients prior to performing significant services. 

F- 12 

CANNABIS GLOBAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 August 31, 2021 

The allowance for doubtful accounts,
if any, is recorded as a reduction in revenue to the extent the provision relates to fee adjustments and other discretionary pricing adjustments.
To the extent the provision relates to a client's inability to make required payments on accounts receivables, the provision is recorded
in operating expenses. As of August 31, 2021, and August 31, 2020, we had 0 and 0 allowance for doubtful accounts, respectively. 

Property and Equipment, net 

 Property and Equipment is stated
at net book value, cost less depreciation. Maintenance and repairs are expensed as incurred. Depreciation of owned equipment is provided
using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets, ranging from two to seven years. Depreciation of capitalized
construction in progress costs, a component of property and equipment, net, begins once the underlying asset is placed into service and
is recognized over the estimated useful life. Property and equipment is reviewed for impairment as discussed below under Accounting
for the Impairment of Long-Lived Assets. We did not capitalize any interest as of August 31, 2021, and as of August 31, 2020. 

Accounting for the Impairment of Long-Lived
Assets 

 We evaluate long-lived assets
for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. Upon
such an occurrence, recoverability of assets to be held and used is measured by comparing the carrying amount of an asset to forecasted
undiscounted net cash flows expected to be generated by the asset. If the carrying amount of the asset exceeds its estimated future cash
flows, an impairment charge is recognized by the amount by which the carrying amount of the asset exceeds the fair value of the asset.
For long-lived assets held for sale, assets are written down to fair value, less cost to sell. Fair value is determined based on discounted
cash flows, appraised values or management's estimates, depending upon the nature of the assets. We have not recorded any impairment
charges related to long-lived assets during the year ended August 31, 2021, and August 31, 2020. 

Beneficial Conversion Feature 

 If the conversion features of
conventional convertible debt provides for a rate of conversion that is below market value at issuance, this feature is characterized
as a beneficial conversion feature BCF ). We record a BCF as a debt discount pursuant to Financial Accounting Standards
Board FASB Accounting Standards Codification ACF Topic 470-20 Debt with Conversion and Other Options .
In those circumstances, the convertible debt is recorded net of the discount related to the BCF, and we amortize the discount to interest
expense over the life of the debt using the effective interest method. 

Revenue Recognition 

 For annual reporting periods after
December 15, 2017, the Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB made effective ASU 2014-09 Revenue from Contracts
with Customers to supersede previous revenue recognition guidance under current U.S. GAAP. Revenue is now recognized in accordance
with FASB ASC Topic 606, Revenue Recognition. The guidance presents a single five-step model for comprehensive revenue recognition that
requires an entity to recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the
consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. Two options are available for implementation
of the standard which is either the retrospective approach or cumulative effect adjustment approach. The guidance becomes effective for
annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim periods within that reporting period, with early adoption
permitted. We determined to implement the cumulative effect adjustment approach to our implementation of FASB ASC Topic 606, with no restatement
of the comparative periods presented. We apply this method to any incomplete contracts we determine are subject to FASB ASC Topic 606
prospectively. As is more fully discussed below, we are of the opinion that none of our contracts for services or products contain significant
financing components that require revenue adjustment under FASB ASC Topic 606. 

In accordance with FASB ASC Topic
606, Revenue Recognition, we recognize revenue when persuasive evidence of a significant financing component exists in our consulting
and product sales contracts. We examine and evaluate when our customers become liable to pay for goods and services; how much consideration
is paid as compared to the cash selling price of the goods or services; and, the length of time between our performance and the receipt
of payment. 

F- 13 

CANNABIS GLOBAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 August 31, 2021 

Product Sales 

 Revenue from product sales, including
delivery fees, is recognized at a point in time when control of the promised goods is transferred to our customers in an amount that reflects
the consideration we expect to be entitled to in exchange for those goods. Generally, we drop-ship orders to our clients with shipping-point
or destination terms. For any shipments with destination terms, the Company defers revenue until delivery to the customer. Given the facts
that (1) our customers exercise discretion in determining the timing of when they place their product order; and, (2) the price negotiated
in our product sales is fixed and determinable at the time the customer places the order, we are not of the opinion that our product sales
indicate or involve any significant customer financing that would materially change the amount of revenue recognized under the sales transaction,
or would otherwise contain a significant financing component for us or the customer under FASB ASC Topic 606. 

Costs of Revenues 

 Our policy is to recognize costs
of revenue in the same manner in conjunction with revenue recognition. Cost of revenues include the costs directly attributable to revenue
recognition and includes compensation and fees for services, travel and other expenses for services and costs of products and equipment.
Selling, general and administrative expenses are charged to expense as incurred. 

 Stock-Based Compensation 

 Restricted shares are awarded
to employees and entitle the grantee to receive shares of restricted common stock at the end of the established vesting period. The fair
value of the grant is based on the stock price on the date of grant. We recognize related compensation costs on a straight-line basis
over the requisite vesting period of the award, which to date has been one year from the grant date. 

Income Taxes 

 We recognize deferred tax assets
and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of events that have been included in the financial statements or tax returns
in accordance with applicable accounting guidance for accounting for income taxes, using currently enacted tax rates in effect for the
year in which the differences are expected to reverse. We record a valuation allowance when necessary to reduce deferred tax assets to
the amount expected to be realized. For the years ended August 31, 2021 and August 31, 2020 we incurred no income taxes. As of August
31, 2021, and August 31, 2020, we had no liabilities related to federal or state income taxes. 

Loss Contingencies 

 From time to time the Company
is subject to various legal proceedings and claims that arise in the ordinary course of business. On at least a quarterly basis, consistent
with ASC 450-20-50-1C, if the Company determines that there is a reasonable possibility that a material loss may have been incurred, or
is reasonably estimable, regardless of whether the Company accrued for such a loss (or any portion of that loss), the Company will confer
with its legal counsel, consistent with ASC 450. If the material loss is determinable or reasonably estimable, the Company will record
it in its accounts and as a liability on the balance sheet. If the Company determines that such an estimate cannot be made, the Company's
policy is to disclose a demonstration of its attempt to estimate the loss or range of losses before concluding that an estimate cannot
be made, and to disclose it in the notes to the financial statements under Contingent Liabilities. 

Net Income (Loss) Per Common Share 

We report net income (loss) per
common share in accordance with FASB ASC 260, Earnings per Share . This statement requires dual presentation of basic and
diluted earnings with a reconciliation of the numerator and denominator of the earnings per share computations. Basic net income (loss)
per share is computed by dividing net income attributable to common stockholders by the weighted average number of shares of common stock
outstanding during the period and excludes the effects of any potentially dilutive securities. Diluted net income (loss) per share gives
effect to any dilutive potential common stock outstanding during the period. The computation does not assume conversion, exercise or contingent
exercise of securities that would have an anti-dilutive effect on earnings. 

F- 14 

CANNABIS GLOBAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 August 31, 2021 

Note 4 - Net Loss Per Share 

During fiscal years ending August 31, 2021 and August
31, 2020, the Company recorded a net loss. Basic and diluted net loss per share are the same for those periods. The dilutive weighted
average shares for each period reported excludes the effect of shares issuable upon conversion of debt, as the effect would have been
anti-dilutive. As of August 31, 2021 and 2020, the Company carried convertible notes with a carrying value of 1,651,315 and 2,366,660
that are convertible into 94,710,870 shares of common stock, respectively. Additionally, there were 367,750 shares of Series B Convertible
preferred stock that were convertible into 17,154,977 shares of common stock as of August 31, 2021. 

Note 5 Notes Receivable 

On May 25, 2019, the Company issued
two notes payable to Company directors Edward Manolos and Dan Nguyen, each in the amount of 16,667. The notes, which do not have a defined
due date, outline a 5 per annum interest rate. These notes are additionally described herein in Footnote 5- Notes Receivable, Related
Party and in the footnote outlining Related Party Transactions. These notes are additionally described herein in Footnote 6- Notes to
Shareholders, Related Party and in the footnote outlining Related Party Transactions. Because of Mr. Manolos and Mr. Nguyen s
associations as directors, the Company believes these transactions are defined by 17 CFR 229.404 - (Item 404) Transactions with
related persons, promoters and certain control persons, which would require specific disclosures under the section cited. 

On July 9, 2019, the Company,
through its Action Nutraceuticals subsidiary, loaned, Split Tee, LLC Split Tee ), a venture associated with Director Edward
Manolos, 20,000 to engage in an exploratory research project. An additional 20,000 was supplied to Split Tee on August 23, 2019. The
loans carry interest at the rate of 10 per annum and are due in one year for issuance. Because of Mr. Manolos association as a
director, the Company believes these transactions are defined by 17 CFR 229.404 - (Item 404) Transactions with related persons,
promoters and certain control persons, which would require specific disclosures under the section cited. As of the end of the fiscal year
August 31, 2020, the Company determined it is not likely that repayment of the 40,000 note would occur, thus the Company booked an allowance
for Bad Debt expense for the amount, bringing the note balance to zero, as of the end of the fiscal year ending August 31, 2020. 

Note 6 Intangible Assets 

On February 20, 2020, the
Company entered into a material definitive agreement with Lelantos Biotech, Inc., a Wyoming corporation Lelantos ), and
its owners. On June 15, 2020, the Company and Lelantos entered into a modification agreement cancelling the Company's obligation to issue
400,000 shares of common stock and the convertible promissory notes. The Company and Lelantos agreed to a purchase price of five hundred
thousand dollars 500,000), payable by the issuance of a promissory note. The aggregate unpaid principal amount of the note is paid in
monthly payments of seven thousand, five hundred dollars 7,500) beginning on September 1, 2020, terminating on February 1, 2025. There
is no interest on the note or on the unpaid balance. 

F- 15 

CANNABIS GLOBAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 August 31, 2021 

Note 7 - Acquisition of Natural Plant Extract of
California, Inc. 

On August 31, 2020 we issued a
convertible promissory note pursuant to a Stock Purchase Agreement (the SPA) with Robert L. Hymers, III Hymers to acquire 266,667 shares of common stock of Natural Plant Extract of California Inc., a California corporation NPE ), representing
18.8 of the outstanding capital stock of NPE on a fully diluted basis. With the exception of the entry into the subject material definitive
agreements, no material relationship exists between us, or any of our affiliates or control persons and Hymers. Under the terms of the
SPA, we acquired all rights and responsibilities of the equity stake for a purchase price of Two Million Forty Thousand United States
Dollars 2,040,000) (the Purchase Price ). Relative to the payment of the Purchase Price, we agreed to: 1) pay Hymers twenty
thousand dollars 20,000) each month for a period of twenty-seven (27) months, with the first payment commencing September 1, 2020 and
the remaining payments due and payable on the first day of each subsequent month until Hymers has received Five Hundred Forty Thousand
United Stated Dollars 540,000), and 2) issue Hymers a convertible promissory note in the amount of One Million Five Hundred Thousand
United States Dollars 1,500,000) (the Note ). The Note bears interest at ten percent (10 per annum. Hymers has the right
at any time six (6) months after the issuance date to convert all or any part of the outstanding and unpaid principal, interest, fees,
or any other obligation owed pursuant to the note. Conversion Price shall be calculated as follows: 60 of the lowest Trading Price of
the common shares during the ten (10) days preceding the date the Company receive a notice of conversion. Unless permitted by the applicable
rules and regulations of the principal securities market on which the common stock is then listed or traded, in no event shall we issue
upon conversion of or otherwise pursuant to the note and the other notes issued, more than the maximum number of shares of common stock
that we can issue pursuant to any rule of the principal United States securities market on which the common stock is then traded, which
shall be 4.99 of the total shares outstanding at any time. A debt discount of 54,212 on the note payable at issuance was calculated
based on the present value of the note using an implied interest rate of 10 . A debt discount of 270,886 was recognized. Accordingly,
we recorded an initial value of its investment in NPE of 1,714,903. 

On June 11, 2021, we amended
the material definitive agreement with Hymers. The amendment relieved us from having to make monthly payments of 20,000 to Hymers in
exchange for our issuing a convertible promissory note to Hymers for the balance owed of 440,000. The note is due June 11, 2022, bears
interest at 10 and is convertible at a fixed price of 0.004 per share. 

On January 27, 2021, the
Company acquired an additional 18.8 interest in NPE from Edward Manolos, a Director of the Company and a related party. The Company issued
11,383,929 shares of common stock, which had a fair value of 1,821,429. 

On February 16, 2021, we
purchased 266,667 shares of common stock of NPE from Alan Tsai, in exchange for the issuance of 1,436,368 common shares of the Company,
with a fair value of 400,747. Other than with respect to the transaction, there was no material relationship between Mr. Tsai and us.
By virtue of the transaction, we acquired 18.8 of the outstanding capital stock of NPE, bringing our total beneficial ownership in NPE
to 56.5 . The transfer of control constituted an acquisition of NPE by the Company (the NPE Acquisition ). For the three
month period following the one year anniversary of the closing date, Mr. Tsai has the sole and irrevocable option to require the Company
to repurchase the common shares issued to Mr. Tsai. If the value of the shares at the time notice is given is less than 150,000, Mr.
Tsai will receive 150,000. If the value of the shares at the time notices is given is greater than 150,000, then Mr. Tsai will receive
the market value of the shares. 

F- 16 

CANNABIS GLOBAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 August 31, 2021 

As a result of the transaction,
we became party to a Shareholder Agreement with respect to our ownership over the NPE Shares, dated June 5, 2020, by and among Alan Tsai,
Robert Hymers III, Betterworld Ventures, LLC BWV ), Marijuana Company of America, Inc. and NPE. The Joinder Agreement contains
terms and conditions including, but not limited to: the ownership and management of NPE, rights of shareholders concerning the transfer
of shares in NPE, pre-emptive rights, drag-along rights, confidentiality, and term and termination. 

The NPE acquisition is
being accounted for as a business combination under ASC 805 as a result of the transfer of control. Immediately prior to obtaining control,
our total investment in NPE was adjusted to fair value of 3,324,956, resulting in a loss on investment of 359,391. The
Company is continuing to gather evidence to evaluate the fair values of assets acquired and liabilities assumed, such as property, plant
and equipment, identifiable intangible assets, evaluate all contingent liabilities that may require recognition in the financial statements,
the fair value of the noncontrolling interest discussed below, and assess the fair value of all consideration transferred to the seller
to obtain control of NPE. The Company expects to finalize the fair value of the acquired business within one year of the acquisition date. 

The following information
summarizes the provisional purchase consideration and preliminary allocation of the fair values assigned to the assets at the purchase
date: 

Preliminary Purchase Price Allocation: 

Cash 

2,200 

Accounts receivable 

193,607 

Notes receivable 

162,247 

Property and equipment 

139,437 

Right of use asset operating lease 

673,425 

Goodwill 

8,842,967 

Total assets acquired 

10,013,883 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

289,591 

Right of use liability operating lease 

673,425 

Notes payable 

1,825,101 

Notes payable related party 

105,539 

Total Liabilities Assumed 

2,893,656 

As a result of the NPE
acquisition, we recognized a non-controlling interest as of the date of the acquisition of 3,849,293, and recognized a loss on the acquisition
of 454,768. Our consolidated revenues and net loss for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2021 included the results of operations since the
acquisition date of NPE of 1,574,461 and net loss of 746,824, respectively. 

Unaudited Pro Forma Financial Information 

The following table sets
forth the pro-forma consolidated results of operations for the fiscal years ending August 31, 2021 and 2020 as if the NPE acquisition
occurred on September 1, 2019. The pro forma results of operations are presented for informational purposes only and are not indicative
of the results of operations that would have been achieved if the acquisitions had taken place on the dates noted above, or of results
that may occur in the future. Further, the proforma results presented below do not consider the possibility of fair value adjustments
from the business combination accounting as the Company continues to assess the fair values associated with the NPE business and the consideration
transferred during the one year measurement period under ASC 805. 

F- 17 

CANNABIS GLOBAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 August 31, 2021 

For the
 fiscal year ended 

August
 31, 2021 Pro Forma 
 August
 31, 2020 Pro Forma 
 
 Revenue 
 2,550,677 
 885,548 
 
 Operating loss 
 (2,714,164 
 (3,876,919 
 
 Net loss attributable to common shareholders of Cannabis Global 
 (9,262,610 
 (5,353,047 
 
 Net loss per common share 
 (0.14 
 (0.31 

Note 8 - Notes Payable to Shareholders 

On May 25, 2019, we issued
two notes payable to Company directors Edward Manolos and Dan Nguyen, each in the amount of 16,667. The notes, which do not have a defined
due date, outline a 5 per annum interest rate. These notes are additionally described herein in Footnote 5- Notes Payable, Related Party
and in the footnote outlining Related Party Transactions. Because of Mr. Manolos and Mr. Nguyen s associations as directors,
we consider these transactions with related persons, promoters and certain control persons. 

Note 9 - Related Party Transactions 

In October 2017 
August 31, 2018, we incurred a related party debt in the amount of 10,000 to an entity related to the legal custodian of the Company
for professional fees. As of August 31, 2018, this balance was forgiven and was included as part of the 168,048 Cancellation of Debt
Income on the Statement of Operations. 

 In November 30, 2017 
August 31, 2018, we issued a 35,554 in multiple notes payable to an entity related to the legal custodian of the Company. The notes payable
bear interest at an annual rate of 10 and is convertible to common shares of the Company at 0.0001 per share. On May 8, 2018, 13,000
of the principal balance on notes payable were converted to common stock. The remaining principal balance was forgiven and included as
Cancellation of Debt Income on the Income Statement for the year ended August 31, 2019. 

 In March 2018 and May 2018,
a legal custodian of the Company funded the Company 600 in advances. On August 31, 2018, this amount was reclassified as a note payable,
that bears interest at an annual rate of 10 and is payable upon demand. 

 During the three months
ended February 29, 2020, we issued two convertible promissory notes having an aggregate principal amount of 133,101 in exchange for accrued
expenses owed to related parties, of which 79,333 is payable to the Company s Chief Executive Officer and 53,768 is payable to
our previous Chief Financial Officer, Robert L. Hymers III. The notes mature two years from the respective issuance date and bear
interest at the rate of 10 per annum, payable at maturity. Mr. Hymers has the right to convert all or any part of the outstanding and
unpaid principal balance of the note, at any time, into shares of common stock of the Company at a variable conversion price of 50 of
the average of the previous twenty (20) trading day closing prices of the Company s common stock, subject to adjustment. As a result
of the variable conversion prices, upon issuance, the Company recognized total debt discount of 133,101, which is being amortized to
interest expense over the term of the notes. On May 22, 2020, Mr. Hymers converted the principal amount of 79,333 and interest of 2,608,
for a total amount of 81,941.55 into 694,902 common shares. As of August 31, 2020, the carrying value of the remaining note with the
former chief financial officer was 15,884, net of debt discount of 37,884 and accrued interest was 3,138. 

F- 18 

CANNABIS GLOBAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 August 31, 2021 

On April 30, 2020, the
Company entered into a settlement agreement with Robert L. Hymers III, its then Chief Financial Officer (the CFO ), whereby
Mr. Hymers resigned and we issued a promissory note for 30,000, which represented the remaining amount owed to the CFO for services rendered.
The note matures December 31, 2020 and bears interest at the rate of 10 per annum, payable at maturity. Mr. Hymers has the right
to convert all or any part of the outstanding and unpaid principal balance of the note, at any time, into shares of common stock of the
Company at a fixed conversion price of 0.02 per share, subject to adjustment. As a result of the beneficial conversion price, upon issuance,
the Company recognized debt discount of 30,000, which is being amortized to interest expense over the term of the note. As of August
31, 2020, the carrying value of the note was 15,061, net of debt discount of 14,939 and accrued interest was 1,011. 

 On August 31, 2020, the
Company issued a convertible note payable and a note payable to Robert L. Hymers III in connection with the acquisition of an 18.8 equity
interest in NPE. 

 On November 16, 2020, we
entered into a business acquisition agreement with Ethos Technology LLC, dba Comply Bag, a California limited liability company Ethos ).
Ethos is a development stage business in the process of entering the market for cannabis trackable storage bags. By virtue of the agreement,
Ethos sold, assigned, and transferred to the Company all of Ethos business, including all of its assets and associated liabilities,
in exchange for the Company s issuance of an aggregate of 6,000,000 common shares. 3,000,000 shares were due at signing, with 1,500,000
shares being issued to Edward Manolos, and 1,500,000 shares being issued to Thang Nguyen. Mr. Manolos is a director of the Company and
a related party. Mr. Nguyen is the brother of Dan Van Nguyen, a director of the Company and a related party. After Ethos ships orders
for Ethos products equaling 1,000,000 to unaffiliated parties, the Company will issue to Messrs. Manolos and Nguyen an additional 1,500,000
shares of common stock each. 

 On November 16, 2020, the
Company sold an aggregate 3,000,000 shares of Company common stock, par value 0.001, equal in value to 177,000 based on the closing
price on November 16, 2020. Of the total sold, 1,500,000 shares of common stock were sold to Edward Manolos and 1,500,000 shares of common
stock were sold to Thang Nguyen. The sales were made in regards to the Company s acquisition of Ethos, and its disclosures
under Item 1.01 are incorporated herein by reference. The Company issued the above shares of its common stock pursuant to the exemption
from the registration requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, available to the Company by Section 4(a)(2) promulgated
thereunder due to the fact that it was an isolated issuance and did not involve a public offering of securities. Messrs. Manolos and Nguyen
were accredited investors and/or sophisticated investors pursuant to Section 501(a)(b) of the Securities Act,
who provided the Company with representations, warranties and information concerning their qualifications as sophisticated investors 
and/or accredited investors. The Company provided and made available to Messrs. Manolos and Nguyen full information regarding
its business and operations. There was no general solicitation in connection with the offer or sale of the restricted securities. Messrs.
Manolos and Nguyen acquired the restricted common stock for their own accounts, for investment purposes and not with a view to public
resale or distribution thereof within the meaning of the Securities Act. The restricted shares cannot be sold unless subject to an effective
registration statement by the Company, or by an exemption from registration requirements of Section 5 of the Securities Act the
existence of any such exemption subject to legal review and approval by the Company. 

 On January 27, 2021 Cannabis
Global, Inc. (the Registrant closed a material definitive agreement (MDA) with Edward Manolos, a director and related party.
Pursuant to the MDA, the Registrant purchased from Mr. Manolos 266,667 shares of common stock in Natural Plant Extract of California Inc.,
a California corporation NPE ), representing 18.8 of the outstanding capital stock of NPE on a fully diluted basis. NPE
operates a licensed psychoactive cannabis manufacturing and distribution business operation in Lynwood, California. NPE is a privately
held corporation. Under the terms of the MDA, the Registrant acquired all beneficial ownership over the NPE shares in exchange for a purchase
price of two million forty thousand dollars 2,040,000). In lieu of a cash payment, the Registrant agreed to issue Mr. Manolos 11,383,929
restricted common shares, valued for purposes of the MDA at 0.1792 per share. In connection with the MDA, the Registrant became a party
to a Shareholders Agreement by and among Alan Tsai, Hymers, Betterworld Ventures, LLC, Marijuana Company of America, Inc. and NPE. The
Shareholders Agreement contains customary rights and obligations, including restrictions on the transfer of the Shares. Additionally,
the Registrant intends, upon completion of the terms and conditions of the Material Definitive Agreement, to control the production, manufacturing
and distribution of both NPE and the Registrant s products. 

F- 19 

CANNABIS GLOBAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 August 31, 2021 

On May 12, 2021, we entered
into an agreement to operate a joint venture through a new Nevada corporation named MCOA Lynwood Services, Inc. Mr. Edward Manolos is
a director of both parties to the agreement and this the agreement was an agreement between related parties. The parties agreed to finance
a regulated and licensed laboratory to produce various cannabis products under the legal framework outlined by the City of Lynwood, California,
Los Angeles County and the State of California. We own a controlling interest in Natural Plant Extract of California, Inc., which operates
a licensed cannabis manufacturing operation in Lynwood, California. As its contribution the joint venture, MCOA agreed to purchase and
install equipment for joint venture operations, which will then be rented to the joint venture, and also provide funding relating to marketing
the products produced by the capital equipment. We agreed to provide use of its manufacturing and distribution licenses; access to its
Lynwood, California facility; use of the specific areas within the Lynwood Facility suitable for the types of manufacturing selected by
the joint venture; and, management expertise require to carry on the joint venture s operations. Ownership of the joint venture
was agreed to be 60 in us and 40 with MCOA. Royalties from profits realized as the result of sales of products from the joint venture
was also agreed to be distributed as 60 in us and 40 to MCOA. Development of the joint venture is ongoing and is considered in the development
stage. 

 On May 12, 2021, we entered
into a material definitive agreement not made in the ordinary course of its business. The parties to the material definitive agreement
are the Registrant and Marijuana Company of America, Inc., a Utah corporation MCOA ). Mr. Edward Manolos is a director of
both the Company and MCOA, and thus agreement is between related parties. Previously, on September 30, 2020, the Registrant and MCOA entered
into a Share Exchange Agreement whereby the Registrant acquired that number of shares of MCOA s common stock, par value 0.001,
equal in value to 650,000 based on the closing price for the trading day immediately preceding the effective date, in exchange for the
number of shares of the Registrant s common stock, par value 0.001, equal in value to 650,000 based on the closing price for the
trading day immediately preceding the effective date. For both parties, the Share Exchange Agreement contained a true-up 
provision requiring the issuance of additional common stock in the event that a decline in the market value of the parties common
stock should cause the aggregate value of the stock acquired pursuant to the Share Exchange Agreement to fall below 650,000. 

 Complementary to the Share
Exchange Agreement, Registrant and MCOA entered into a Lock-Up Agreement dated September 30, 2020 (the Lock-Up Agreement ),
providing that the shares of common stock acquired pursuant to the Share Exchange Agreement shall be subject to a lock-up period preventing
its sale for a period of 12 months following issuance, and limiting the subsequent sale to aggregate maximum sale value of 20,000 per
week, or 80,000 per month. On June 9, 2021, the parties amended their securities exchange agreement to delete the lock up leak out agreement,
and the requirement to conduct quarterly reviews of each party s respective stock price for purposes of evaluating whether additional
share issuances are required to maintain the value of exchanged common shares equal to 650,000. As consideration for the amendment, we
issued MCOA 618,000 shares of restricted common stock. 

 On May 12, 2021, the parties
agreed to operate a joint venture through a new Nevada corporation named MCOA Lynwood Services, Inc. The parties agreed to finance a regulated
and licensed laboratory to produce various cannabis products under the legal framework outlined by the City of Lynwood, California, Los
Angeles County and the State of California. The Registrant owns a controlling interest in Natural Plant Extract of California, Inc., which
operates a licensed cannabis manufacturing operation in Lynwood, California. 

 As its contribution the
joint venture, MCOA agreed to purchase and install equipment for joint venture operations, which will then be rented to the joint venture,
and also provide funding relating to marketing the products produced by the capital equipment. The Registrant agreed to provide use of
its manufacturing and distribution licenses; access to its Lynwood, California facility; use of the specific areas within the Lynwood
Facility suitable for the types of manufacturing selected by the joint venture; and, management expertise require to carry on the joint
venture s operations. 

 Ownership of the joint
venture was agreed to be 60 in us and 40 with MCOA. Royalties from profits realized as the result of sales of products from the joint
venture was also agreed to be distributed as 60 to us and 40 to MCOA. 

F- 20 

CANNABIS GLOBAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 August 31, 2021 

Note 10 - Notes Payable 

On May 25, 2019, we issued two
notes payable to Company directors Edward Manolos and Dan Nguyen, each in the amount of 16,667. The notes, which do not have a defined
due date, outline a 5 per annum interest rate. These notes are additionally described herein in Footnote 8 - Notes Payable to Shareholders
Party and in Footnote 9 Related Party Transactions. 

On July 9, 2019, the Company,
through its Action Nutraceuticals subsidiary, loaned, Split Tee, LLC Split Tee ), a venture associated with Director Edward
Manolos, 20,000 to engage in an exploratory research project (see Related Party Transactions ). An additional 20,000 was
supplied to Split Tee on August 23, 2019. The loans carry interest at the rate of 10 per annum and are due in one year for issuance.
In addition, The Company, via Action Nutraceuticals subsidiary, invoiced Split Tee 5,000 as a consulting fee. 

On February 12, 2020, the Company
issued three Sellers Acquisition promissory notes having an aggregate principal amount of 500,000 pursuant to an Acquisition Agreement
to acquire Lelantos Biotech. The notes mature May 31, 2020; 450,000 (two tranches of 225,000) and 50,000 of the notes bear interest
at the rate of 8 and 5 per annum, respectively. In the event, the notes are not paid within the Cash Repayment Period (prior to the
Maturity Date), the notes specify the holder shall have two options for repayment including: [a] an Alternative Payment Stake Option
equal to a 6.75 , 6.75 and 1.5 (or a pro-rated amount if the debt has been partially paid) fully diluted ownership position in the Company
after August 4, 2020, August 12, 2020 and August 30, 2020, respectively; or [b] a Buy Out Option, any time after the note has been outstanding
for at least one year, equal to the total outstanding shares of the Company on the day of election, times 6.75 , 6.75 and 1.5 , respectively,
times the average closing price of the Company s common stock over the preceding 30 trading days, times 40 (due and payable within
90 days). Anti-dilution rights are provided for five years on the Sellers Acquisition notes and for 182 days after conversion to an Alternative
Payment Stake. The notes include a Leak Out provision, should the Alternative Payment Stake option be elected, whereby no more than 30 
of the holdings may be sold during the first 30 days after clearance for trading and no more than 25 of the remaining shares sold during
any subsequent 30-day period. The notes are secured by a Security Agreement, require common shares to be reserved, are transferrable and
are Senior to other debt of the Company. At maturity, on May 31, 2020, (i) the Company received forbearance agreements for the two tranches
of 225,000 each whereby the maturity date was extended to July 15, 2020 and the interest rate was increased to 9 ; and (ii) the 50,000
note and all accrued interest thereon, in the amount of 747, was forgiven. Accordingly, the Company recognized a gain for debt forgiveness
of 50,747. On June 15, 2020, the Company entered into a modification agreement relative to the February 12, 2020 issued notes. Pursuant
to the modification agreement, the Company issued a promissory note to Lantos in the amount of five hundred thousand dollars 500,000).
The Company may prepay the note in whole or in part at any time or from time to time without penalty or premium by paying the principal
amount to be prepaid. The aggregate unpaid principal amount of the note is paid in monthly payments of seven thousand, five hundred dollars 7,500) beginning on September 1, 2020, terminating on February 1, 2025. There is no interest on the note or on the unpaid balance. As
of May 31, 2021, the carrying value of the notes was 450,000 and accrued interest payable was 46,750. As of August 31, 2020, the carrying
value of the notes was 450,000 and accrued interest payable was 19,824. 

On February 12, 2020, the Company
entered into an Independent Consulting Agreement with a consultant to provide services from February 12, 2020 through December 14, 2020
(the Consulting Agreement ). Pursuant to the Consulting Agreement, the Company issued to the consultant a Compensation promissory
note having a principal amount of 100,000 for the Deferred Compensation portion of the Consulting Agreement. The note matures August
4, 2020 and bears interest at the rate of 8 per annum. In the event, the note is not paid within the Cash Repayment Period (prior to
the Maturity Date), the note specifies the holder shall have two options for repayment including: [a] an Alternative Payment Stake
Option equal to a 8.5 (or a pro-rated amount if the debt has been partially paid) fully diluted ownership position in the Company after
August 4, 2020; or [b] a Buy Out Option, any time after the note has been outstanding for at least one year, equal to the total outstanding
shares of the Company on the day of election, times 8.5 times the average closing price of the Company s common stock over the
preceding 30 trading days, times 40 (due and payable within 90 days). Anti-dilution rights are provided for five years on the Compensation
note and for 182 days after conversion to an Alternative Payment Stake. The note includes a Leak Out provision, should the Alternative
Payment Stake option be elected, whereby no more than 30 of the holdings may be sold during the first 30 days after clearance for trading
and no more than 25 of the remaining shares sold during any subsequent 30-day period. The note is secured by a Security 

F- 21 

CANNABIS GLOBAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 August 31, 2021 

Agreement, requires common shares to be reserved,
is transferrable and is Senior to other debt of the Company. As of August 31, 2021, the carrying value of the note was 100,000 and accrued
interest payable was 12,405. As of August 31, 2020, the carrying value of the note was 100,000 and accrued interest payable was 4,405. 

Note 11 - Convertible Notes Payable 

On March 19, 2020, we issued a
convertible promissory note, payable in tranches, having an aggregate principal amount of 150,000, aggregate original issue discount
(OID) of 15,000, and an aggregate of 468,750 three-year warrants exercisable at 0.48/share, which contain certain exercise price reset
provisions in the event of dilutive issuances. The notes mature one year from the respective issuance date of each tranche and bear
interest at the rate of 10 per annum, payable at maturity. Commencing immediately following the issuances, the noteholder shall have
the right to convert all or any part of the outstanding and unpaid principal balance of the note, at any time, into shares of common stock
of the Company at a variable conversion price equal to the lower of 60 of the lowest closing trade price of the Company s common
stock, subject to adjustment, during the 25 trading days prior to: (i) the issuance date; or (ii) the conversion date. On March 19, 2020,
the first tranche of 50,000, less OID of 5,000, was received, resulting in net proceeds to the Company of 45,000, and the Company issued
156,250 three-year warrants exercisable at 0.48 per share. On May 4, 2020, the second tranche of 25,000, less OID of 2,500, was received,
resulting in net proceeds to the Company of 22,500, and the Company issued 78,125 three-year warrants exercisable at 0.48 per share.
On July 10, 2020, the third tranche of 25,000, less OID of 2,500 was received, resulting in net proceeds to the Company of 22,500,
and the Company issued 78,125 three year warrants exercisable at an initial price of 0.48 per share. As a result of the OID and the variable
conversion price, upon issuance, the Company recognized total debt discount of 75,000, which is being amortized to interest expense over
the respective term of the tranches. The Company is prohibited from effecting a conversion of the note to the extent that, as a result
of such conversion, the noteholder, together with its affiliates, would beneficially own more than 4.99 of the number of shares of the
Company s common stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares of common stock upon conversion of
the note. During the year ended August 31, 2021, the Company repaid all principal and accrued interest in full. 

On July 21, 2020, the Company issued a convertible
promissory note with a principal amount of 78,750, with the Company receiving proceeds of 71,250 after original issue discount of 3,750
and deferred finance costs of 3,750. The note matures on July 21, 2021 and bears interest at 6 per annum. Commencing immediately following
the issuances, the noteholder shall have the right to convert all or any part of the outstanding and unpaid principal balance of the note,
at any time, into shares of common stock of the Company at a variable conversion price equal to the 60 of the lowest closing trade price
of the Company s common stock, subject to adjustment, during the 30 trading days prior to: the conversion date. As a result of the
OID and the variable conversion price, upon issuance, the Company recognized total debt discount of 78,750, which is being amortized
to interest expense through the maturity date. The Company is prohibited from effecting a conversion of the note to the extent that, as
a result of such conversion, the noteholder, together with its affiliates, would beneficially own more than 4.99 of the number of shares
of the Company s common stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares of common stock upon conversion
of the note. During the year ended August 31, 2021, the note and accrued interest were repaid in full. 

F- 22 

CANNABIS GLOBAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 August 31, 2021 

In August 2020, the Company issued
two convertible promissory notes with an aggregate principal amount of 129,250, with the Company receiving proceeds of 117,500 after
original issue discount of 11,750. The notes mature in May 2021 and bear interest at 10 per annum. Commencing immediately following
the issuances, the noteholder shall have the right to convert all or any part of the outstanding and unpaid principal balance of the note,
at any time, into shares of common stock of the Company at a fixed price of 0.1005 per share of common stock. The conversion price may
reset to a lower price if the Company issues common stock to any suppliers or vendors. As a result of the OID and the potential result
for dilutive issuances, upon issuance, the Company recognized total debt discount of 129,250, which is being amortized to interest expense
through the maturity date. The Company is prohibited from effecting a conversion of the note to the extent that, as a result of such conversion,
the noteholder, together with its affiliates, would beneficially own more than 4.99 of the number of shares of the Company s common
stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares of common stock upon conversion of the note. During the year
ended August 31, 2021, the two notes and accrued interest were repaid in full. 

The Company also entered into
common stock subscription agreements with this lender, totaling share issuances of 3,409,221 (of which 510,204 are to be issued as of
August 31, 2020), for cash proceeds of 329,613. In connection with these subscriptions, the Company issued a convertible promissory note
of 50,000 for no consideration. The note matures on August 7, 2021 and bears interest at 10 and is convertible at a fixed price of 0.1631
per share, subject to potential rest in the event the Company issues shares to vendors or suppliers. The Company recognized total debt
discount of 50,000, which is being amortized to interest expense over the respective term of the tranches. The Company is prohibited
from effecting a conversion of the note to the extent that, as a result of such conversion, the noteholder, together with its affiliates,
would beneficially own more than 4.99 of the number of shares of the Company s common stock outstanding immediately after giving
effect to the issuance of shares of common stock upon conversion of the note. During the year ended August 31, 2021, the note and accrued
interest was repaid in full. 

During the year ended August 31,
2021, the Company issued four convertible promissory notes to a lender with an aggregate principal amount of 279,500, with the Company
receiving proceeds of 267,000 after deferred finance costs of 12,500. The notes mature in August, September, October and December 2021
and bear interest at 8 per annum. Commencing one hundred eighty (180) days following the issuance date of the note, the noteholder shall
have the right to convert all or any part of the outstanding and unpaid principal balance of the note, at any time, into shares of common
stock of the Company at variable conversion prices of 63 of the two lowest trading prices during previous fifteen (15) trading day of
the Company s common stock, subject to adjustment. The Company is prohibited from effecting a conversion of the note to the extent
that, as a result of such conversion, the noteholder, together with its affiliates, would beneficially own more than 4.99 of the number
of shares of the Company s common stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares of common stock upon
conversion of the note. As a result of the variable exercise price and deferred finance costs, the Company recognized total debt discount
of 279,500, which is being amortized to interest expense through the maturity date. The Company is prohibited from effecting a conversion
of the note to the extent that, as a result of such conversion, the noteholder, together with its affiliates, would beneficially own more
than 4.99 of the number of shares of the Company s common stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of
shares of common stock upon conversion of the note. During the year ended August 31, 2021, the four notes with principal of 279,500 and
accrued interest of 11,007 were repaid in full. 

On September 2, 2020, the Company
issued a convertible promissory note with an aggregate principal amount of 107,000, with the Company receiving proceeds of 100,000 after
original issue discount of 5,000 and deferred finance costs of 2,000. The notes mature in September 2021 and bear interest at 12 per
annum. Commencing one hundred eighty (180) days following the issuance date of the notes, the noteholders shall have the right to convert
all or any part of the outstanding and unpaid principal balance of the note, at any time, into shares of common stock of the Company at
variable conversion price of 60 of the lowest previous twenty (20) trading day closing trade prices of the Company s common stock,
subject to adjustment. The Company is prohibited from effecting a conversion of the note to the extent that, as a result of such conversion,
the noteholder, together with its affiliates, would beneficially own more than 4.99 of the number of shares of the Company s common
stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares of common stock upon conversion of the note. As a result of
the variable exercise price and deferred finance costs, upon issuance, the Company recognized total debt discount of 107,000, which is
being amortized to interest expense through the maturity date. This note was repaid in full during the year ended August 31, 2021, together
with accrued interest of 5,101. 

F- 23 

CANNABIS GLOBAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 August 31, 2021 

On January 5, 2021, the Company
entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement in connection with the issuance of a 10 convertible note with the principal amount of 110,000,
with an accredited investor. The note is convertible at a fixed conversion price of 0.005. In the event of default by the Company, or
after the public announcement of a change of control transaction as defined in the agreement, the conversion price is 0.001. The Company
received net proceeds of 97,500. As a result of the variable exercise price of the Company s convertible notes and deferred finance
costs, upon issuance, the Company recognized total debt discount of 110,000, which is being amortized to interest expense through the
maturity date. During the year ended August 31, 2021, the note with principal of 110,000 and accrued interest of 29,150 was repaid in
full. 

On January 12, 2021, the Company
entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement in connection with the issuance of a 10 convertible note with the principal amount of 115,500,
with an accredited investor. The note is convertible beginning 61 days from issuance at a fixed conversion price of 0.10 per share or
60 or the lowest trading price for ten days prior to conversion in the event that the Company s stock trades at less than 0.10
per share. The Company received net proceeds of 100,000. As a result of the variable exercise price of the Company s convertible
notes and deferred finance costs, upon issuance, the Company recognized total debt discount of 115,500, which is being amortized to interest
expense through the maturity date. During the year ended August 31, 2021, the lender converted principal and accrued interest of 57,750
and 585 into 583,354 shares of common stock. As of August 31, 2021, the carrying value of the note was 40,000 net of discount of 0,
and accrued interest was 5,844. 

On January 26, 2021, the Company
entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement in connection with the issuance of a 10 convertible note with the principal amount of 243,875,
with an accredited investor. The note is convertible at 70 of the average of the three lowest trading prices for 20 days prior to conversion.
The Company received net proceeds of 215,500. As a result of the variable exercise price of the Company s convertible notes and
deferred finance costs, upon issuance, the Company recognized total debt discount of 243,875, which is being amortized to interest expense
through the maturity date. During the year ended August 31, 2021, the lender converted principal of 125,0000 into 2,647,410 shares of
common stock. As of August 31, 2021, the carrying value of the note was 19,989, net of discount of 98,886, and accrued interest was
 7,067. 

On January 26, 2021, the Company
entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement in connection with the issuance of a 10 convertible note with the principal amount of 243,875,
with an accredited investor. The note is convertible at 70 of the average of the three lowest trading prices for 20 days prior to conversion.
The Company received net proceeds of 215,500. As a result of the variable exercise price of the Company s convertible notes and
deferred finance costs, upon issuance, the Company recognized total debt discount of 243,875, which is being amortized to interest expense
through the maturity date. During the year ended August 31, 2021, the lender converted principal and accrued interest of 15,000 and 2,250
into 208,191 shares of common stock. As of August 31, 2021, the carrying value of the note was 129,989, net of discount of 98,886, and
accrued interest was 11,357. 

On March 8, 2021, the Company
entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement in connection with the issuance of a 10 convertible note with the principal amount of 215,000,
with an accredited investor. The note is convertible at 70 of the average of the three lowest trading prices for 20 days prior to conversion.
The Company received net proceeds of 191,000. As a result of the variable exercise price of the Company s convertible notes and
deferred finance costs, upon issuance, the Company recognized total debt discount of 215,000, which is being amortized to interest expense
through the maturity date. As of August 31, 2021, the carrying value of the notes was 103,671, net of discount of 111,329, and accrued
interest was 10,367. 

F- 24 

CANNABIS GLOBAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 August 31, 2021 

On March 16, 2021, the Company
entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement in connection with the issuance of a 10 convertible note with the principal amount of 215,000,
with an accredited investor. The note is convertible at 70 of the average of the three lowest trading prices for 20 days prior to conversion.
The Company received net proceeds of 191,000. As a result of the variable exercise price of the Company s convertible notes and
deferred finance costs, upon issuance, the Company recognized total debt discount of 215,000, which is being amortized to interest expense
through the maturity date. As of August 31, 2021, the carrying value of the note was 98,959, net of discount of 116,041, and accrued
interest was 9,896. 

On May 20, 2021, the Company entered
into a Securities Purchase Agreement in connection with the issuance of a 8 convertible note with the principal amount of 130,000, with
an accredited investor. The note is convertible at 60 of the average of the three lowest trading prices for 15 days prior to conversion.
The Company received net proceeds of 108,000. As a result of the variable exercise price of the Company s convertible notes and
deferred finance costs, upon issuance, the Company recognized total debt discount of 130,000, which is being amortized to interest expense
through the maturity date. As of August 31, 2021, the carrying value of the note was 36,685, net of discount of 93,315, and accrued
interest was 2,935. 

On June 16, 2021, the Company
entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement in connection with the issuance of a 8 convertible note with the principal amount of 135,000,
with an accredited investor. Commencing one hundred eighty (180) days following the issuance date of the notes, the noteholders shall
have the right to convert all or any part of the outstanding and unpaid principal balance of the note, at any time, into shares of common
stock of the Company at variable conversion price of 65 of the average two (2) lowest trading prices for the common stock during the
fifteen (15) trading day ending on the latest complete trading day prior to the conversion date. The Company is prohibited from effecting
a conversion of the note to the extent that, as a result of such conversion, the noteholder, together with its affiliates, would beneficially
own more than 4.99 of the number of shares of the Company s common stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance
of shares of common stock upon conversion of the note. The Company received net proceeds of 108,000. As a result of the variable exercise
price of the Company s convertible notes and deferred finance costs, upon issuance, the Company recognized total debt discount of
 130,000, which is being amortized to interest expense through the maturity date. As of August 31, 2021, the carrying value of the note
was 124,113, net of discount of 10,887, and accrued interest was 2,249. 

On August 4, 2021, the
Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement in connection with the issuance of a 8 convertible note with the principal amount
of 110,000, with an accredited investor. The Company received net proceeds of 89,000. Commencing one hundred eighty (180) days following
the issuance date of the notes, the noteholders shall have the right to convert all or any part of the outstanding and unpaid principal
balance of the note, at any time, into shares of common stock of the Company at variable conversion price of 60 of the lowest previous
fifteen (15) trading day closing trade prices of the Company s common stock, subject to adjustment. The Company is prohibited from
effecting a conversion of the note to the extent that, as a result of such conversion, the noteholder, together with its affiliates, would
beneficially own more than 4.99 of the number of shares of the Company s common stock outstanding immediately after giving effect
to the issuance of shares of common stock upon conversion of the note. As a result of the variable exercise price of the Company s
convertible notes and deferred finance costs, upon issuance, the Company recognized total debt discount of 110,000, which is being amortized
to interest expense through the maturity date. As of August 31, 2021, the carrying value of the note was 90,553, net of discount of 19,447,
and accrued interest was 651. 

 Series B Convertible Preferred Stock 

On February 28, 2021 the
Company filed a Certificate of Designation of Preferences, Rights of Series B Preferred Stock. The Series B Convertible Preferred
stock has 1,000,000 shares authorized, has a par value of 0.001 per share and a stated value of 1.00. Each share of Series B Preferred
Stock will carry an annual dividend in the amount of eight percent (8 of the Stated Value (the Divided Rate ), which shall
be cumulative, payable solely upon redemption, liquidation or conversion. Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default (as defined herein),
the Dividend Rate shall automatically increase to twenty two percent (22 ). Based on the terms of the Series B Preferred Stock Purchase
Agreement, and in accordance with ASC 480-10, the instruments are accounted for as a liability. 

During the year ended August 31,
2021, the Company entered into five Series B Preferred Stock Purchase Agreements for an aggregate amount of 367,750, with an accredited
investor. As of August 31, 2021, the carrying value of the liability was 148,775, net of discount of 219,225, and accrued interest was
 11,901. As of August 31, 2021, there were 367,750 shares of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock outstanding. 

F- 25 

CANNABIS GLOBAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 August 31, 2021 

Related Parties 

During the three months ended
February 29, 2020, the Company issued two convertible promissory notes having an aggregate principal amount of 133,101 in exchange for
accrued expenses owed to related parties, of which 79,333 is payable to the Company s Chief Executive Officer and 53,768 is payable
to the Robert L. Hymers III. The notes mature two years from the respective issuance date and bear interest at the rate of 10 per
annum, payable at maturity. The noteholders shall have the right to convert all or any part of the outstanding and unpaid principal balance
of the note, at any time, into shares of common stock of the Company at a variable conversion price of 50 of the average of the previous
twenty (20) trading day closing prices of the Company s common stock, subject to adjustment. As a result of the variable conversion
prices, upon issuance, the Company recognized total debt discount of 133,101, which is being amortized to interest expense over the term
of the notes. On May 22, 2020, the Chief Executive Officer converted 79,333 in principal and 2,608 of accrued interest into 694,902
shares of common stock to be issued having a fair value of 232,792. The conversion resulted in the elimination of 70,313 of remaining
debt discount, the elimination of 231,632 of derivative liabilities, and a 10,468 gain on conversion that resulted from a related party
and was therefore included in Additional paid-in capital. As of August 31, 2020, the carrying value of the remaining note with the former
chief financial officer was 15,884, net of debt discount of 37,884 and accrued interest was 3,138. On December 9, 2020, Mr. Hymers
converted all principal of 53,768 and all accrued interest of 4,626 into 878,190 shares of common stock. 

On April 30, 2020, the Company
entered into a settlement agreement with its former Chief Financial Officer (Robert L. Hymers III, hereinafter referred to as the CFO whereby the CFO resigned and the Company issued a promissory note for 30,000, which represented the remaining amount owed to the CFO
for services rendered. The note matures December 31, 2020 and bears interest at the rate of 10 per annum, payable at maturity. The
noteholder has the right to convert all or any part of the outstanding and unpaid principal balance of the note, at any time, into shares
of common stock of the Company at a fixed conversion price of 0.02 per share, subject to adjustment. As a result of the beneficial conversion
price, upon issuance, the Company recognized debt discount of 30,000, which is being amortized to interest expense over the term of the
note. As of August 31, 2020, the carrying value of the note was 15,061, net of debt discount of 14,939 and accrued interest was 1,011.
On October 9, 2020, Mr. Hymers converted the note payable into 1,500,000 shares of common stock. 

On August 21, 2020 the Company,
issued a convertible note pursuant to a Stock Purchase Agreement (the SPA) to acquire 266,667 shares of common stock of Natural
Plant Extract of California Inc., a California corporation NPE ), representing 18.8 of the outstanding capital stock of
NPE on a fully diluted basis. With the exception of the entry into the subject material definitive agreements, no material relationship
exists between the Registrant, or any of the Registrant s affiliates or control persons and Hymers. Under the terms of the SPA,
the Registrant acquired all rights and responsibilities of the equity stake for a purchase price of Two Million Forty Thousand United
States Dollars 2,040,000) (the Purchase Price ). Relative to the payment of the Purchase Price, the registrant agreed to:
1) pay Hymers Twenty Thousand United States Dollars 20,000) each month for a period of twenty-seven (27) months, with the first payment
commencing September 1, 2020 and the remaining payments due and payable on the first day of each subsequent month until Hymers has received
Five Hundred Forty Thousand United Stated Dollars 540,000), and 2) issue Hymers a convertible promissory note in the amount of One Million
Five Hundred Thousand United States Dollars 1,500,000) (the Note ). The Note bears interest at ten percent (10 per annum.
The Holder shall have the right at any time six (6) months after the Issuance Date to convert all or any part of the outstanding and unpaid
principal, interest, fees, or any other obligation owed pursuant to the note. Conversion Price shall be calculated as follows: 60 of
the lowest Trading Price of the common shares during the ten (10) days preceding the date the Company receive a notice of conversion.
Unless permitted by the applicable rules and regulations of the principal securities market on which the Common Stock is then listed or
traded, in no event shall the Registrant issue upon conversion of or otherwise pursuant to the note and the other notes issued more than
the maximum number of shares of Common Stock that the Company can issue pursuant to any rule of the principal United States securities
market on which the Common Stock is then traded, which shall be 4.99 of the total shares outstanding at any time. A debt discount of
 54,212 on the note payable at issuance was calculated based on the present value of the note using an implied interest rate of 10 . A
debt discount of 270,886 was recognized. Accordingly, the Company recorded an initial value of its investment in NPE of 1,714,903. At
the time the note becomes convertible, the Company will recognize a derivative liability at fair value related to the embedded conversion
option at that time. Prior to these transactions, Robert Hymers III and Alan Tsai each sold equity interest representing a total of 18.8 
of the outstanding equity interest of NPE to Edward Manolos, a Director and preferred stockholder of the Company in a private transaction.
As a result of these two transactions, the Company beneficially controls approximately 37 of the equity of NPE. After this transaction,
a venture capital company controls 40 of the equity interests in NPE, the Company, Alan Tsai and Edward Manolos each control 18.8 and
one other entity controls 3.5 . During the three months ended May 31, 2021, Robert Hymers elected to converted 576,000 of the principal
on the 1,500,000 note into 9,600,000 shares of common stock in accordance with the terms of the agreement. 

F- 26 

CANNABIS GLOBAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 August 31, 2021 

The Company evaluated its interest
in NPE as of August 31, 2020 under ASC 810. Management determined that it had a variable interest in NPE, but that NPE does not meet the
definition of a variable interest entity, and does not have an indirect voting interest of greater than 50 . Based on these factors, the
investment in NPE by the Company, the investment in NPE will be accounted for as an equity method investment under the measurement alternative
available under ASC 321 with the Company recording its share of the profits and losses of NPE at each reporting period. The initial investment
balance was 1,714,903 based on the initial fair value estimate of the note payable and convertible note payable issued as consideration
for the investment. The Company subsequently acquired control of NPE and began consolidating the results of operations into its financial
statements, as described in Note 7. 

As of August 31, 2021, the Company
was in default of the 540,000 note payable to Robert Hymers. On January 3, 2021, the Company entered into a settlement agreement with
Robert Hymers concerning five delinquent payments totaling 100,000, whereby 1,585,791 shares of common stock were issued in settlement
of those payments. As of February 28, 2021, the Company missed five additionally 20,000 payments, and remains in default of this agreement.
On June 11, 2021, the Company entered into an agreement with Robert Hymers. As of the date of the amendment, the Company owed Mr. Hymers
 440,000. The parties agreed to exchange the Company s obligations to make monthly payments under the stock purchase agreement for
a Convertible Note for the same amount. The note matures on June 11, 2022, bears interest at 10 and is convertible into common stock
of the Company at 0.004 per share, subject to standard anti dilution provisions. 

See Note 12 for further
discussion of the accounting treatment of the embedded conversion options of the above promissory notes payable as derivative liabilities 

Note 12. - Derivative Liability and Far
Value Measurement 

 Upon the issuance of the
convertible promissory notes with variable conversion prices and fixed conversion prices with reset provisions, the Company determined
that the features associated with the embedded conversion option embedded in the debentures should be accounted for at fair value, as
a derivative liability, as the Company cannot determine if a sufficient number of shares would be available to settle all potential future
conversion transactions. 

 At the issuance date of the convertible
notes payable during the year ended August 31, 2021, the Company estimated the fair value of all embedded derivatives of 7,452,815 using
the Black-Scholes Pricing Model based on the following assumptions: (1) dividend yield of 0 , (2) expected volatility of 311 to 378 ,
(3) risk-free interest rate of 0.04 to 0.21 , and (4) expected life of 0.75 years to 1.5 years. 

On August 31, 2021, the Company
estimated the fair value of the embedded derivatives of 4,747,615 using the Black Scholes Pricing Model based on the following assumptions:
(1) dividend yield of 0 , (2) expected volatility of 307 , (3) risk-free interest rate of 0.05 to 0.07 , and (4) expected life of 0.1
to 1 years. 

F- 27 

CANNABIS GLOBAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 August 31, 2021 

The Company adopted the
provisions of ASC 825-10, Financial Instruments ASC 825-10 ). ASC 825-10 defines fair value as the price that would be received
from selling an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. When
determining the fair value measurements for assets and liabilities required or permitted to be recorded at fair value, the Company considers
the principal or most advantageous market in which it would transact and considers assumptions that market participants would use when
pricing the asset or liability, such as inherent risk, transfer restrictions, and risk of nonperformance. ASC 825-10 establishes a fair
value hierarchy that requires an entity to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs when measuring
fair value. ASC 825-10 establishes three levels of inputs that may be used to measure fair value. 

Level 1 Observable inputs that reflect quoted market prices (unadjusted) for identical assets and liabilities in active markets; 

Level 2 Observable inputs, other than quoted market prices, that are either directly or indirectly observable in the marketplace for identical or similar assets and liabilities, quoted prices in markets that are not active, or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data for substantially the full term of the assets and liabilities; and 

Level 3 Unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity that are significant to the fair value of assets or liabilities. 
 
 All items required to be
recorded or measured on a recurring basis are based upon Level 3 inputs. 

 To the extent that valuation
is based on models or inputs that are less observable or unobservable in the market, the determination of fair value requires more judgment.
In certain cases, the inputs used to measure fair value may fall into different levels of the fair value hierarchy. In such cases, for
disclosure purposes, the level in the fair value hierarchy within which the fair value measurement is disclosed and is determined based
on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement. 

 The Company recognizes
its derivative liabilities as Level 3 and values its derivatives using the methods discussed below. While the Company believes that its
valuation methods are appropriate and consistent with other market participants, it recognizes that the use of different methodologies
or assumptions to determine the fair value of certain financial instruments could result in a different estimate of fair value at the
reporting date. The primary assumptions that would significantly affect the fair values using the methods discussed are that of volatility
and market price of the underlying common stock of the Company. 

 As of August 31, 2021,
the Company did not have any derivative instruments that were designated as hedges. 

F- 28 

CANNABIS GLOBAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 August 31, 2021 

Items recorded or measured
at fair value on a recurring basis in the accompanying financial statements consisted of the following items as of August 31, 2021 and
August 31, 2020: 

August 31, 
2021 
 
 Quoted 
Prices 
in Active 
Markets for 
Identical 
Assets 
(Level 1) 
 
 Significant 
Other 
Observable 
Inputs 
(Level 2) 
 
 Significant 
Unobservable 
Inputs 
(Level 3) 
 
 Derivative liability 

4,747,614 

4,764,614 

August 31, 
2020 
 
 Quoted 
Prices 
in Active 
Markets for 
Identical 
Assets 
(Level 1) 
 
 Significant 
Other 
Observable 
Inputs 
(Level 2) 
 
 Significant 
Unobservable 
Inputs 
(Level 3) 
 
 Derivative liability 

1,125,803 

1,125,803 

The following table
provides a summary of changes in fair value of the Company s Level 3 financial liabilities for the fiscal year ending August 31,
2021: 

Balance, August 31, 2020 
 1,125,803 
 
 Transfers in due to issuance of convertible promissory notes 
 7,452,815 
 
 Transfers out due to repayments of convertible promissory notes 
 (1,850,488 
 
 Transfers out due to conversions of convertible promissory notes 
 (1,808,944 
 
 Change in fair value of derivative liability 
 (171,572 
 
 Balance, August 31, 2021 
 4,764,614 

The total impact to the
Company s consolidated statement of operations for the year ended August 31, 2021 was a gain of 2,022,060, representing the impact
of retirement of derivative liabilities from payments on convertible promissory notes and the change in fair value of remaining derivative
liabilities as of August 31, 2021. 

 Fluctuations in the Company s
stock price are a primary driver for the changes in the derivative valuations during each reporting period. As the stock price increases
for each of the related derivative instruments, the value to the holder of the instrument generally increases, therefore increasing the
liability on the Company s balance sheet. Additionally, stock price volatility is one of the significant unobservable inputs used
in the fair value measurement of each of the Company s derivative instruments. The simulated fair value of these liabilities is
sensitive to changes in the Company s expected volatility. Increases in expected volatility would generally result in higher fair
value measurement. A 10 change in pricing inputs and changes in volatilities and correlation factors would not result in a material change
in our Level 3 fair value. 

F- 29 

CANNABIS GLOBAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 August 31, 2021 

Note 13 - Common Stock 

Subsequent to the closing of the
fiscal year ending August 31, 2019, the Company affected a reverse split as of September 30, 2019, which had the effect of reducing the
number of outstanding shares from 187,864,600 to 12,524,307. All share and per share amounts in this filing have been retrospectively
adjusted to reflect the impact of the reverse stock split. As of August 31, 2020, there were 27,082,419 shares of Common Stock issued
and outstanding. 

As of August 31, 2021, there were
84,940,028 shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding. 

On June 17, 2021, the Company
amended its articles of incorporation to increase the number of its authorized shares from 290 million to 500 million shares, par value
 0.001 per share. 

On May 20, 2020, we issued 1,100,000
common shares to a Pinnacle Consulting Services Inc. for consulting service provided to the Company. The agreement is attached hereto. 

On May 20, 2020, we issued 1,000,000
common shares to a Tabular Investments LLC for consulting service provided to the Company. 

Note 14 - Preferred Stock 

There are 10,000,000 shares of
preferred stock, par value 0.0001 per share, of the Company Preferred Stock in one or more series, and expressly authorized the Board
of Directors of the Company. On December 16, 2019, the Board of Directors authorized the issuance of 8,000,000 preferred shares as Series
A Preferred Stock. The Series A Preferred Stock is not convertible into any other form of Securities, including common shares,
of the Company. Holders of Series A Preferred Stock shall be entitled to 50 votes for every Share of Series A Preferred Stock beneficially
owned as of the record date for any shareholder vote or written consent. On May 28, 2020, Mr. Robert L. Hymers III, a former director
and former chief financial officer, returned 2,000,000 Series A Preferred shares to the corporate treasury. As of August 31, 2020, there
were 6,000,000 Series A Preferred shares issued and outstanding. 

On February 28, 2021, the Company
designated 1,000,000 shares of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock Series B Convertible Preferred Stock ). The Series B
Convertible Preferred Stock earns dividends at 8 per year, and is convertible into shares of common stock at a rate of 63 of the market
price, based on the average of the two lowest trading prices during the previous 15 days. Additionally, the Series B Convertible Preferred
Stock is mandatorily redeemable 16 months from the issuance date in cash. The Company entered into several agreements with an investor
for a total of 367,750 shares of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock during the year ended August 31, 2021 for a total purchase amount
of 153,500. The Company received net proceeds of 350,000. In accordance with ASC 480-10, the Series B Convertible Preferred Stock is
accounted for as a liability on the Company s consolidated balance sheet based on the terms of the certificate of designation being
more like a liability. 

F- 30 

CANNABIS GLOBAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 August 31, 2021 

Note 15 Income Taxes 

Deferred income taxes reflect
the net tax effects of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and
the amounts used for income tax purposes. 

August 31, 2021 
 August 31, 2020 

Expected federal income tax benefit at statutory rate 
 1,608,855 
 1,041,213 
 
 Nondeductible items 
 (1,158,130 
 (127,358 
 
 Change in valuation allowance 
 (450,725 
 (913,855 
 
 Income tax benefit 

Significant components of the Company s deferred
tax assets at August 31, 2021 and 2020 are as follows: 

August 31, 2021 
 August 31, 2020 
 
 Deferred tax assets: 

Net operating loss carryforwards 
 1,577,198 
 1,126,473 
 
 Research and development credit carry forward 
 1,963 
 1,963 
 
 Total deferred tax assets 
 1,579,161 
 1,128,436 

Less: valuation allowance 
 (1,579,161 
 (1,128,436 

Net deferred tax asset 

The Company evaluates its valuation
allowance on an annual basis based on projected future operations. When circumstances change and this causes a change in management s
judgment about the realizability of deferred tax assets, the impact of the change on the valuation allowance is reflected in current operations. 

For federal income tax purposes,
the Company has net U.S. operating loss carry forwards at August 31, 2020 available to offset future federal taxable income, if any, of
approximately 7,483,000 which are available to offset future income. Accordingly, there is no current tax expense for years ended
August 31, 2021 and 2020. In addition, the Company has research and development tax credit carry forwards of 1,963 at August 31, 2021,
which are available to offset federal income taxes and fully expire by August 31, 2040. The utilization of the tax net operating loss
carry forwards may be limited due to ownership changes that have occurred as a result of sales of common stock. 

The effects of state income taxes
were insignificant for the twelve months ended August 31, 2021 and August 31, 2020. 

F- 31 

CANNABIS GLOBAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 August 31, 2021 

Note 16 Subsequent Events 

Subsequent to August
31, 2021, the Company issued 28,669,316 shares of common stock pursuant to the conversion of 280,750 shares of Series B Convertible Preferred
stock, and accrued dividends of 11,230. 

Subsequent to August
31, 2021, the Company issued 20,446,317 shares of common stock pursuant to the conversion of a total of 197,000 in principal and 17,919
in accrued interest and fees from two lenders. 

On September 22, 2021, the Company entered into a 25,000
convertible promissory note with a vendor to settled approximately 21,000 of outstanding accounts payable. The note matures on March
22, 2022, is non-interest bearing, and can be converted at the holders option into common stock of the Company at 65 of the lowest trading
price of the common stock for the 20 days prior to conversion. 

On October 13, 2021, the Company
amended its articles of incorporation to increase the number of authorized common shares to 1,000,000,000. 

On October 14, 2021, the Company
entered into an agreement with an investor for 68,500 shares of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock for a total purchase amount of 68,500,
and an agreement with the same investor for 78,500 shares of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock for a purchase amount of 78,500. In
October 2021, the Company received proceeds of 65,000. 

F- 32 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS
ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

None. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls
and Procedures 

 We maintain
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) that are designed to ensure that
information required to be disclosed in our reports filed under the Exchange Act, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within
the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated
and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely
decisions regarding required disclosure. 

 We carried
out an evaluation under the supervision and with the participation of management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of August 31, 2021, the end of
the period covered by this Report. Based on that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our
disclosure controls and procedures were not effective at the reasonable assurance level due to the material weaknesses discussed below. 

 Internal Control over Financial
Reporting 

 Our management
is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)
promulgated under the Exchange Act as a process designed by, or under the supervision of, our principal executive officer and principal
financial officer and effected by the Board, management, and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability
of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with GAAP and includes those policies
and procedures that: 

 pertain to the maintenance
of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of our assets. 

provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles, and that our receipts and expenditures of are being made only in accordance with authorizations
of our management and directors; and, 

 provide reasonable assurance
regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect
on the financial statements. 

 Because
of our inherent limitations, our internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Therefore, even those
systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation.
Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of
changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

56 

Management identified the following
material weaknesses: 

we do not have an Audit Committee While not being legally obligated to have an Audit Committee, it is the management s view
that such a committee, including a financial expert board member, is an utmost important entity level control of the Company s financial
statements. Currently the Board of Directors acts in the capacity of the Audit Committee and does not include a member that is considered
to be independent of management to provide the necessary oversight over management s activities. 

we have not performed a risk assessment and mapped our processes to control objectives. 

we have not implemented comprehensive entity-level internal controls. 

we have not implemented adequate system and manual controls; and 

we do not have sufficient segregation of duties. 

 Our management
assessed the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting as of August 31, 2021. In making this assessment, management used
the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organization of the Treadway Commission COSO in Internal Control
 Integrated Framework (2013). Based on management s assessment, management concluded that the above material weaknesses have
not been remediated and, accordingly, our internal control over financial reporting is not effective as of August 31, 2021. 

 Remediation of Material Weaknesses 

 We have
designed and plan to implement, or in some cases have already implemented, the specific remediation initiatives described below: 

We intend to allocate resources to perform a risk assessment and map processes to control objectives and, where necessary, implement and
document internal controls in accordance with COSO. 

Our entity-level controls are, generally, informal and we intend to evaluate current processes, supplement where necessary, and document
requirements. 

While we have implemented procedures to identify, evaluate and record significant transactions, we need to formally document these procedures
and evidence the performance of the related controls. 

We plan to evaluate system and manual controls, identify specific weaknesses, and implement a comprehensive system of internal controls. 

 Management
understands that in order to remediate the material weaknesses, additional segregation of duties, changes in personnel and technologies
are necessary. We will not consider these material weaknesses fully remediated until management has tested those internal controls and
found them to be operating effectively. 

 This Report
does not include an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial
reporting. Management s report was not subject to such attestation pursuant to rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission that
permits us to provide only management s report in this Annual Report. 

57 

Changes in Internal Control
over Financial Reporting 

 No changes in the Company's internal
control over financial reporting have come to management's attention during the Company's last fiscal year end that have materially affected,
or are likely to materially affect, the Company's internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

Not applicable. 

58 

PART III. 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS 

The following table sets forth
the names and ages of our current directors and executive officers, the principal offices and positions held by each person, and the date
such person became a director or executive officer. Our executive officers are appointed by the Board of Directors. The directors serve
one-year terms until their successors are elected. The executive officers serve terms of one year or until their death, resignation or
removal by the Board of Directors. Unless described below, there are no family relationships among any of the directors and officers. 

Changes in Control 

As of the date of this filing,
we are not aware of any arrangement that may result in a change in control of our company 

Biographies 

 Arman Tabatabaei. - Mr.
Arman Tabatabaei (Age 37), was appointed to the board of directors and named as Chairman and CEO. Mr. Tabatabaei is a founder and Chairman
of Cannabis Global, Inc. Mr. Tabatabaei has served as president of Pacific Pro Financial Services, Inc. for the last 5 years. Pacific
Pro is a company that provides commercial and private lending services. With over 15 years of management and operations experience, he
has earned a strong reputation for a numbers-based analytical approach to the management of organizations. An expert at data collection
and analysis relative to resource management, risk forecasting and profit and loss management, he has made significant progress in revamping
operations of several companies over the past five years. Most recently, Mr. Tabatabaei has consulted with Cannabis Strategic Ventures
(OTC:NUGS) on various growth initiatives relative to both cannabis cultivation and the organization of new hemp-related retail operations.
He has been instrumental in revamping various operations relative to the Company s hydroponic growth supplies initiatives. 

 Edward Manolos. - Mr.
Edward Manolos (Age 45), was elected to the board of directors. Mr. Manolos is one of the founders and Directors of Cannabis Global,
Inc. and is an accomplished pioneer in California s Medical Marijuana industry. In 2004, he opened the very first Medical Marijuana
Dispensary in Los Angeles County under the name CMCA. He has managed and operated over thirty-five dispensaries from Los Angeles to San
Jose including twenty in Los Angeles Pre-ICO/Proposition D. He is also credited with starting Los Angeles first Medical Marijuana
farmers market referred to as The California Heritage Farmer s Market, which attracted local and international media
attention and was the first of its kind. He is currently a member of the board of directors of Marijuana Company of America, Inc. (OTC:
MCOA). In 2016, Mr. Manolos was appointed to the advisory board of Cannabis Strategic Ventures (OTCQB: NUGS) and was tasked with
identifying and structuring strategic partnerships and driving product development. 

 Dan Nguyen. - Dan Nguyen
(Age 46), was elected as a director of the Company. Mr. Nguyen has been employed for the last 5 years with Thermalfisher Scientific, Inc.
as an equipment product specialist. 

 Melissa Ridell (Age 39)
is an accomplished food scientist with decades of experience in the food ingredient industry. 

 The Company does not carry
key man life insurance policies on any of the above principals or key personnel. 

 There has never been a
petition under the Bankruptcy Act or any State insolvency law filed by or against the Company or its principals or key personnel. Additionally,
there has never been a receiver, fiscal agent, or similar officer appointed by a court for the business or property of any such persons,
or any partnership in which any of such persons was a general partner at or within the past five years, or any corporation or business
association of which any such person was an executive officer at or within the past five years. 

 Family Relationships 

 There are no family relationships
between any director or executive officer. 

 Corporate Governance 

 Leadership Structure 

 Arman Tabatabaei, who is
also a director and serves as chairman, CEO, CFO and corporate Secretary. 

 Board Committees 

 We do not have a standing
audit committee, an audit committee financial expert, or any committee or person performing a similar function. We do not have any board
committees including a nominating, compensation, or executive committee. Presently, we have no independent directors. 

59 

Code of Ethics 

 The Company has not formally
adopted a written code of business conduct and ethics that governs the Company s employees, officers and Directors as the Company
is not required to do so. 

 Director Independence 

 Director Riddell is considered
an Independent Director meeting the definition of Independent Director outlined in NASDAQ Marketplace Rule 4200(a)(15). Ms. Riddell
was added to the board of directors on February 3, 2020. She resigned September 10, 2021. 

Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting
Compliance 

 Section 16(a) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 requires our Company s directors and officers, and persons who own more than ten-percent (10 of our Company s
shares of Common Stock, to file with the SEC reports of ownership on Form 3 and reports of changes in ownership on Forms 4 and 5. Such
officers, directors and ten-percent shareholders are also required to furnish our Company with copies of all Section 16(a) reports they
file. As of the date of this filing, we believe such reports have been filed. 

 EXECUTIVE AND DIRECTOR COMPENSATION 

Compensation of Directors 

Our current directors, Tabatabaei,
Manolos and Nguyen receive 0 per month in compensation. Relative to any unpaid amounts due to the Director, the Director has the option
to convert any monies owed into the Company s common at the end of his or her term. The Director s term ends on the earlier
of the date of the next annual stockholders meeting and the earliest of the following to occur: (a) the death of the Director; (b) the
termination of the Director from his membership on the Board by the mutual agreement of the Company and the Director; (c) the removal
of the Director from the Board by the majority stockholders of the Company; and (d) the resignation by the Director from the Board. Reimbursements.
During the Director s term, the Company reimburses the Director for all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Director
in attending any in-person meetings, provided that the Director complies with the generally applicable policies, practices and procedures
of the Company for submission of expense reports, receipts or similar documentation of such expenses. Any reimbursements for allocated
expenses (as compared to out-of-pocket expenses of the Director in excess of 500.00) must be approved in advance by the Company. 

The following table represents
our compensation to our directors through the end of fiscal year 2021: 

Name 
 Fees Earned or Paid in Cash 
 Stock Awards 
 Stock Options 
 Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation 
 Nonqualified deferred compensation earnings 
 All other compensation 
 Total ) 
 
 Edward Manolos 
 0 
 52,500 

52,000 
 
 Arman Tabatabaei 
 78,000 
 120,000 

198,000 
 
 Dan van Nguyen 
 0 
 52,500 

52,500 
 
 Jim Riley (1) 
 0 
 20,000 

20,000 
 
 Melissa Riddell (2) 
 0 
 15,000 

15,000 

(1) Mr. Riley resigned June 11, 2021 

 (2) Ms. Riddell resigned September 10, 2021 

60 

Directors Compensation Table Common Shares 

The percentages below are calculated
based on 84,940,028 common shares issued and outstanding as of August 31, 2021. 

Officers and Directors 
 Amount and Nature of Beneficial Ownership 
 Percentage of Class Beneficially Owned 
 
 Arman Tabatabaei (1) 
 5,800,000 
 6.80 
 
 Edward Manolos 
 14,983,344 
 17.64 
 
 Dan V Nguyen 
 2,888,889 
 3.40 
 
 Melissa Riddell (2) 
 100,000 
 0.12 
 
 Jim Riley (3) 
 400,000 
 0.47 
 
 All Directors and Executive Officers as a Group 
 23,772,233 
 28..51 

(1) Mr. Tabatabaei is chairman, CEO, CFO and Secretary
of the corporation. 

 (2) Ms. Riddell resigned on September 10, 2021. 

 (3) Mr. Riley resigned June 11, 2021. 

We are not aware of any person
who owns of record, or is known to own beneficially, five percent or more of the outstanding securities of any class of the issuer, other
than as set forth above. We are not aware of any person who controls the issuer as specified in Section 2(a)(1) of the 1940 Act. There
are no classes of stock other than common stock issued or outstanding. We do not have an investment advisor. 

Directors Compensation Table 

Directors 
 Title 
 Monthly Compensation 
 
 Arman Tabatabaei (1) 
 Chairman 
 0 
 
 Edward Manolos (2) 
 Director 
 0 
 
 Dan Van Nguyen (3) 
 Director 
 0 
 
 Jim Riley (5) 
 Director 
 0 
 
 Melissa Riddell (4) 
 Director 
 0 

(1) 
 This table represents Mr. Tabatabaei s zero compensation as a director of the corporation. Please see section marked Executive Compensation for other information about Mr. Tabatabaei s compensation as an executive of the Corporation. 

(2) 
 From July 2019 through January 31, 2019, Director Manolos accumulated 7,500 in monthly compensation as a director. This compensation was terminated on January 31, 2020, via an agreement to cancel the outstanding debt of 53,767.74 in exchange for 309,010 restricted common shares. At this time, Mr. Manolos receives no director compensation. 

(3) 
 From July 2019 through January 31, 2019, Director Nguyen accumulated 7,500 in monthly compensation as a director. This compensation was terminated on January 31, 2020, via an agreement to cancel the outstanding debt of 53,767.74 in exchange for 309,010 restricted common shares. At this time, Mr. Nguyen receives no director compensation. 

(4) 
 Former Director Ms. Riddell received no cash compensation as a director. On February 3, 2020, the Company and Ms. Riddell entered into an Independent Directors Agreement providing her with one hundred thousand (100,000) shares of common stock, which vests are the rate of one twelfth (1/12) per month for 12 months. There is no cash compensation under the agreement. Ms. Riddell is also the beneficial owner of 43,333 additional common shares separate from her directorship. A copy of the additional agreement is attached hereto. Ms. Riddell resigned on September 10, 2021. 

(5) 
 Former Director Mr. Riley received no cash compensation as a director. On October 31, 2020, the Company and Mr. Riley entered into an Independent Directors Agreement providing him with four hundred thousand (400,000) shares of common stock, which vests are the rate of one twelfth (1/12) per month for 12 months. There is no cash compensation under the agreement. On February 18, 2020, Mr. Riley was compensated with an additional 420,000 restricted common shares. Mr. Riley resigned on June 11, 2021. 

61 

Summary Compensation Table 

The following tables set forth
certain information about compensation paid, earned or accrued for services by (i) our past Chief Executive Officer, our Directors and
(iii) all other executive officers who earned in excess of 100,000 in the fiscal year ended August 31, 2021, and to date Named
Executive Officers ): 

Year Ended 
August 31, 
 
 Monthly Salary ) 
 
 Total ) 

Arman Tabatabaei 

2021 

8,000 

96,000 

Director, President, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Secretary 

2020 

6,500 

78,000 

Dan Van Nguyen (1) 

2021 

0 

0 

Director 

2020 

0 

0 

Jim Riley (2) 

2021 

0 

0 

Director 

2020 

0 

0 

Edward Manolos (1) 

2021 

0 

0 

Director 

2020 

0 

0 

Melissa Riddell 

2021 

0 

0 

Director 

2020 

0 

0 

Employment
Agreements 

 On June
20, 2019, we signed an employment agreement with our CEO, Arman Tabatabaei. Under the terms of his one-year agreement, he will receive
a monthly salary of 5,000 and 10,000 in accrued salary due and payable as the end of his one-year term. In addition, he received 12,000,000
common shares for his one-year employment contract. See Executive Compensation for additional information. This agreement
is attached hereto. 

 On June 30, 2020, the Company s Board of Directors
extended the Executive Employment Agreement for the Company s CEO and CFO, Arman Tabatabaei for a term of one (1) additional year.
Under the terms of the extension, Mr. Tabatabaei s monthly salary was increased to 6,500. A copy of the unanimous resolution of
the Board of Directors is included as an exhibit. 

January 1, 2021, the Company and Mr. Tabatabaei agreed
to a new annual contract for Mr. Tabatabaei s services as Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer for calendar
year 2021 in the amount of 96,000, payable in monthly installments of 8,000, and by quarterly issuances of 20,000 worth of the Company s
common stock valued at the closing price of the Company s common stock on the last trading day of each quarter. The quarterly issuance
are agreed to be made within five business days of the close of each quarter. No shares have yet been issued. 

62 

Grants of Stock and Other Equity Awards 

As is outlined above, pursuant
to the employment agreement with our CEO, Mr. Tabatabaei is eligible for quarterly stock award issuances of 20,000 worth of the Company s
common stock valued at the closing price of the Company s common stock on the last trading day of each quarter. The quarterly issuance
are agreed to be made within five business days of the close of each quarter. No shares have yet been issued. 

Option Exercises 

There have been no option exercises. 

Long-Term Incentive Plans 

We currently do not have any Long-Term Incentive Plans. 

ITEM 12. SECURITY
OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT 

 As of the date hereof, here is
information with respect to the securities holdings of (i) our officers and directors, and (ii) all persons, who pursuant to filings with
the SEC and our stock transfer records, we have reason to believe may be deemed the beneficial owner of more than five percent (5 of
the shares of Common Stock. 

The securities are beneficially
owned by an individual are determined in accordance with the definition of beneficial ownership set forth in the
regulations promulgated under the Exchange Act and, accordingly, may include securities owned by or for, among others, the spouse and/or
minor children of an individual and any other relative who resides in the same home as such individual, as well as other securities as
to which the individual has or shares voting or investment power or which each person has the right to acquire within 60 days through
the exercise of options or otherwise. Beneficial ownership may be disclaimed as to certain of the securities. 

The following table is based on
142,756,018 outstanding as of October 26, 2021 and immediately prior to the filing of this prospectus. 

Officers, Directors and Others 
 
 Amount and Nature of Beneficial Ownership 
 
 Percent of Class Beneficial Ownership 
 
 Edward Manolos 

15,772,828 

18.6 

H Smart, Inc. 

7,222,222 

8.5 

Arman Tabatabaei 

3,330,000 

3.9 

Dan Van Nguyen 

2,888,889 

3.4 

Jim Riley (1) 

500,000 

0.5 

Melissa Riddell (2) 

143,333 

0.3 

All Directors and Executives as a Group 

34,439,494 

40.5 

(1 Mr. Riley resigned
as director on June 11, 2021. 

 (2) Ms. Riddell resigned as a director
on September 10, 2021. 

63 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED
PERSON TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

 Transactions with Related Persons 

 Our Company reviews transactions
between our Company and persons or entities considered to be related parties (collectively related parties ). Our Company
considers entities to be related parties where an executive officer, director or a 5 or more beneficial owner of our shares of Common
Stock (or an immediate family member of these persons) has a direct or indirect material interest. Transactions of this nature require
the approval of our Board. 

 On July 1, 2019, the Company
acquired Action Nutraceuticals, Inc., a company owned by our CEO, Arman Tabatabaei. The value of the transaction value was nominal, at
only one thousand dollars 1,000). Therefore, the Company believes its acquisition of Action Nutraceuticals, Inc. is not an acquisition
of a significant amount of assets, or a transaction defined by 17 CFR 229.404 \- (Item 404) Transactions with Related Persons,
Promoters and Certain Control Persons that would require specific disclosure under the section cited. Regardless, the Company will
disclose the transaction pursuant to 17 CFR 229.404 - (Item 404) Transactions with Related Persons, Promoters and Certain
Control Persons. No intellectual property, patents or trademarks were acquired in the transaction. 

 On July 9, 2019, the Company,
through its Action Nutraceuticals subsidiary, loaned, Split Tee, LLC Split Tee ), a venture associated with Director Edward
Manolos, 20,000 to engage in an exploratory research project. An additional 20,000 was supplied to Split Tee on August 23, 2019. The
loans carry interest at the rate of 10 per annum and are due in one year for issuance. In addition, The Company, via Action Nutraceuticals
subsidiary, invoiced Split Tee 5,000 as a consulting fee. Because of Mr. Manolos association as a director, the Company believes
these transactions are defined by 17 CFR 229.404 - (Item 404) Transactions with related persons, promoters and certain control
persons, which would require specific disclosures under the section cited. As of the end of the fiscal year August 31, 2020, the Company
determined it is not likely that repayment of the 40,000 note would occur, thus the Company booked an allowance for Bad Debt expense
for the amount, bringing the note balance to zero, as of the end of the fiscal year ending August 31, 2020. 

During the three months
ended February 29, 2020, the Company issued two convertible promissory notes having an aggregate principal amount of 133,101 in exchange
for accrued expenses owed to related parties, of which 79,333 is payable to the Company s Chief Executive Officer and 53,768 is
payable to the Company s former Chief Financial Officer (Robert L. Hymers III). The notes mature two years from the respective issuance
date and bear interest at the rate of 10 per annum, payable at maturity. The noteholders shall have the right to convert all or
any part of the outstanding and unpaid principal balance of the note, at any time, into shares of common stock of the Company at a variable
conversion price of 50 of the average of the previous twenty (20) trading day closing prices of the Company s common stock, subject
to adjustment. As a result of the variable conversion prices, upon issuance, the Company recognized total debt discount of 133,101, which
is being amortized to interest expense over the term of the notes. On May 22, 2020, the Chief Executive Officer converted 79,333 in principal
and 2,608 of accrued interest into 694,902 shares of common stock to be issued having a fair value of 232,792. The conversion resulted
in the elimination of 70,313 of remaining debt discount, the elimination of 231,632 of derivative liabilities, and a 10,468 gain on
conversion that resulted from a related party and was therefore included in Additional paid-in capital. As of August 31, 2020, the carrying
value of the remaining note with the former chief financial officer was 15,884, net of debt discount of 37,884 and accrued interest
was 3,138. 

 On April 30, 2020, the
Company entered into a settlement agreement with its former Chief Financial Officer (Robert L. Hymers III, hereinafter referred to as
the CFO whereby the CFO resigned and the Company issued a promissory note for 30,000, which represented the remaining
amount owed to the CFO for services rendered. The note matures December 31, 2020 and bears interest at the rate of 10 per annum,
payable at maturity. The noteholder has the right to convert all or any part of the outstanding and unpaid principal balance of the note,
at any time, into shares of common stock of the Company at a fixed conversion price of 0.02 per share, subject to adjustment. As a result
of the beneficial conversion price, upon issuance, the Company recognized debt discount of 30,000, which is being amortized to interest
expense over the term of the note. As of August 31, 2020, the carrying value of the note was 15,061, net of debt discount of 14,939
and accrued interest was 1,011. 

64 

On
July 22, 2020, we signed a management agreement with Whisper Weed, Inc., a California corporation Whisper Weed ). Our director
Edward Manolos is a shareholder in Whisper Weed. Whisper Weed conducts licensed delivery activity of cannabis products in California.
The agreement requires the parties to create a separate entity, CGI Whisper W, Inc. in California as a wholly owned subsidiary of the
Company. The business of CGI Whisper W, Inc. will be to provide management services for the lawful delivery of cannabis in the State of
California. The Company will manage CGI Whisper W, Inc. operations. In exchange for the Company providing management services to Whisper
Weed through the auspices of CGI Whisper W, Inc., the Company will receive as consideration a quarterly fee of 51 of the net profits
earned by Whisper Weed. As separate consideration for the transaction, the Company agreed to issue to Whisper Weed 150,000 in the Company s
restricted common stock, valued for purposes of issuance based on the average closing price of the Company s common stock for the
twenty days preceding the entry into the material definitive agreement. Additionally, the Company agreed to amend its articles of incorporation
to designate a new class of preferred shares. The preferred class shall be designated and issued to Whisper Weed in an amount equal to
two times the quarterly payment made to the Company. The preferred shares shall be convertible into the Company s common stock after
6 months, and shall be senior to other debts of the Company. The conversion to common stock will be based on a value of common stock equal
to at least two times the actual sales for the previous 90 day period. The Company agreed to include in the designation the obligation
to make a single dividend payment to Whisper Weed equal to 90 of the initial quarterly net profits payable by Whisper Weed. As of August
31, 2020, no common or preferred shares have been issued. 

 On August 21, 2020 the
Company, issued a convertible note pursuant to a Stock Purchase Agreement (the SPA) to acquire 266,667 shares of common stock of
Natural Plant Extract of California Inc., a California corporation NPE ), representing 18.8 of the outstanding capital
stock of NPE on a fully diluted basis. With the exception of the entry into the subject material definitive agreements, no material relationship
exists between the Registrant, or any of the Registrant s affiliates or control persons and Hymers. Under the terms of the SPA,
the Registrant acquired all rights and responsibilities of the equity stake for a purchase price of Two Million Forty Thousand United
States Dollars 2,040,000) (the Purchase Price ). Relative to the payment of the Purchase Price, the registrant agreed to:
1) pay Robert L. Hymers, III twenty thousand United States Dollars 20,000) each month for a period of twenty-seven (27) months, with
the first payment commencing September 1, 2020 and the remaining payments due and payable on the first day of each subsequent month until
Hymers has received Five Hundred Forty Thousand United Stated Dollars 540,000), and 2) issue Hymers a convertible promissory note in
the amount of One Million Five Hundred Thousand United States Dollars 1,500,000) (the Note ). The Note bears interest at
ten percent (10 per annum. The Holder shall have the right at any time six (6) months after the Issuance Date to convert all or any
part of the outstanding and unpaid principal, interest, fees, or any other obligation owed pursuant to the note. Conversion Price shall
be calculated as follows: 60 of the lowest Trading Price of the common shares during the ten (10) days preceding the date the Company
receive a notice of conversion. Unless permitted by the applicable rules and regulations of the principal securities market on which the
Common Stock is then listed or traded, in no event shall the Registrant issue upon conversion of or otherwise pursuant to the note and
the other notes issued more than the maximum number of shares of Common Stock that the Company can issue pursuant to any rule of the principal
United States securities market on which the Common Stock is then traded, which shall be 4.99 of the total shares outstanding at any
time. A debt discount of 54,212 on the note payable at issuance was calculated based on the present value of the note using an implied
interest rate of 10 . A debt discount of 270,886 was recognized. Accordingly, the Company recorded an initial value of its investment
in NPE of 1,714,903. During the year ended August 31, 2021, the Company acquired an additional 37.6 interest in NPE and consolidates
the financial information in its consolidated financial statements from the point that control was obtained. 

65 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 

The following table sets
forth the aggregate fees billed to us for the fiscal years ended August 31, 2021 and August 31, 2020 by Boyle CPA, LLC: 

Year Ended August 31, 2021 
 Year Ended August 31, 2020 
 
 Audit Fees (1) 
 5,500 
 5,500 
 
 Audit-Related Fees (2) 

Tax Fees (3) 

All Other Fees (4) 

Total 
 5,500 
 5,500 

(1) 
 Audit fees consist of fees billed for professional services rendered for the audit of our annual financial statements, the review of the interim financial statements included in quarterly reports and services that are normally provided by Boyle CPAs, LLC in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements, consultations in connection with acquisitions and issuances of auditor consents and comfort letters in connection with SEC registration statements and related SEC and non-SEC securities offerings. 

(2) 
 Audit-related fees consist of fees billed for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of our consolidated financial statements and are not reported under Audit fees. 

(3) 
 Tax fees consist of fees billed for professional services rendered for tax compliance, tax advice and tax planning (domestic and international). These services include assistance regarding federal, state and international tax compliance, acquisitions and international tax planning. 

(4) 
 All other fees consist of fees for products and services other than the services reported above. 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

(a)(1) Financial Statements 

The following consolidated financial statements of Cannabis Global,
Inc. are included in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

 Consolidated Balance Sheets 

 Consolidated Statements of Operations 

 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity (Deficit) 

 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

 Notes to Consolidated Statements 

66 

EXHIBIT INDEX 

Corporate
 Documents Section 

3 
 Certificate
 of Incorporation 
 Incorporated
 by reference to the Company s Form S-1 filed on August 26, 2019. 

3i 
 Amendment
 to Certificate of Incorporation 
 Incorporated by reference from the Company s Form S-1 filed on June 5, 2020 

3.ii 
 Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation Increasing Authorized Shares. 
 Incorporated by reference from the Company s Form 8-K filed on June
23, 2021. 

3.iii 
 By
 Laws 
 Incorporated
 by reference from the Company s Form S-1 filed on June 5, 2020 

3.iv 
 Aidan
 Co. Inc. Formation 
 Incorporated by reference from the Company s Form S-1 filed on June 5, 2020 

3.v 
 Hemp
 You Can Feel, Inc. Formation 
 Incorporated by reference from the Company s Form S-1 filed on June 5, 2020 

3.vi 
 Articles
 of Domestications Nevada 
 Incorporated
 by reference from the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 3, 2020. 

3.vii 
 Certificate
 of Conversion Delaware 
 Incorporated
 by reference from the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 3, 2020. 

3.viii 
 Certificates
 of Designation Series A Preferred Stock 
 Incorporated by reference from the Company s Form S-1 filed on June 5, 2020 

4a. 
 Convertible
 Promissory Note 
 Incorporated by reference from the Company s Form S-1 filed on June 5, 2020 

67 

Material
 Contracts and Other 

10.1 
 Executive
 Employment Agreement CEO Arman Tabatabaei 
 Incorporated
 by reference from the Company s Form S-1 filed on August 26, 2019 

10.2 
 Change
 of Control Stock Purchase Agreement 
 Incorporated by reference from the Company s Form S-1 filed on June 5, 2020 

10.3 
 Director
 Agreement Robert L. Hymers III 
 Incorporated
 by reference from the Company s Form S-1 filed on August 26, 2019 

10.4 
 Director
 Agreement - Dan Van Nguyen 
 Incorporated
 by reference from the Company s Form S-1 filed on August 26, 2019. 

10.5 
 Director
 Agreement Edward Manolos 
 Incorporated
 by reference from the Company s Form S-1 filed on August 26, 2019 

10.6 
 Director
 Agreement Mellissa Riddell 
 Incorporated by reference from the Company s Form 8-K filed February 7, 2020 

10.7 
 Director
 Agreement Jim Riley 
 Incorporated by reference from
 the Company s Form 8-K filed November 3, 2020 . 

68 

10.8 
 Private
 Placement Memorandum July 3, 2019 
 Incorporated by reference from the Company s Form S-1 filed on June 5, 2020 

10.9 
 Private
 Placement Memorandum July 10, 2019 
 Incorporated by reference from the Company s Form S-1 filed on June 5, 2020 

10.10 
 Private
 Placement Memorandum July 16, 2019 
 Incorporated by reference from the Company s Form S-1 filed on June 5, 2020 

10.11 
 Private
 Placement Memorandum July 19, 2019 
 Incorporated by reference from the Company s Form S-1 filed on June 5, 2020 

10.12 
 Private
 Placement Memorandum August 15, 2019 
 Incorporated by reference from the Company s Form S-1 filed on June 5, 2020 

10.13 
 Private
 Placement Memorandum August 19, 2019 
 Incorporated by reference from the Company s Form S-1 filed on June 5, 2020 

10.14 
 Property
 Lease 520 Grand Ave, Suite 320 Los Angeles, CA 90071 
 Incorporated by reference from the Company s Form S-1 filed on June 5, 2020 

10.15 
 Property
 Lease 6130 S Avalon Ave Los Angeles, CA 
 Incorporated by reference from the Company s Form S-1 filed on June 5, 2020 

10.16 
 Resignation
 of Former CEO Garry McHenry 
 Incorporated by reference from the Company s Form S-1
 filed on June 5, 2020 

10.17 
 Settlement
 Agreement BOD Resolution Manolos/Nguyen/Others 
 Incorporated by reference from the Company s Form S-1 filed on June 5, 2020 

10.18 
 Riddell/Kirby
 Agreements BOD Resolutions 
 Incorporated by reference from the Company s Form S-1 filed on June 5, 2020 

10.19 
 Paladin
 Advisors SPA 
 Incorporated by reference from the Company s Form S-1 filed on June 5, 2020 

10.20 
 Costello
 SPA 
 Incorporated by reference from the Company s Form S-1 filed on June 5, 2020 

10.21 
 K J
 SPA November 2019 
 Incorporated by reference from the Company s Form S-1 filed on June 5, 2020 

10.22 
 K J
 SPA April 2020 
 Incorporated by reference from the Company s Form S-1 filed on June 5, 2020 

10.23 
 K J
 SPA May 2020 
 Incorporated by reference from the Company s Form S-1 filed on June 5, 2020 

10.24 
 Eagle
 Note January 2020 
 Incorporated by reference from the Company s Form S-1 filed on June 5, 2020 

10.25 
 Crown
 Bridge Note March 2020 
 Incorporated by reference from the Company s Form S-1 filed on June 5, 2020 

10.26 
 GW
 Holdings Note January 2020 
 Incorporated by reference from the Company s Form S-1 filed on June 5, 2020 

10.27 
 Power
 Up Note December 2019 
 Incorporated by reference from the Company s Form S-1 filed on June 5, 2020 

69 

10.28 
 Power
 Up Note February 2020 
 Incorporated by reference from the Company s Form S-1 filed on June 5,
 2020 

10.29 
 BOD
 Action Acquisition of Action Nutraceuticals July 2019 
 Incorporated by reference from the Company s Form S-1 filed on June 5, 2020 

10.30 
 Hymers
 Note January 2020 
 Incorporated by reference from the Company s Form S-1 filed on June 5, 2020 

10.31 
 Tabatabaei
 Note February 2020 
 Incorporated by reference from the Company s Form S-1 filed on June 5, 2020 

10.32 
 Tabatabaei
 Note Conversion 
 Incorporated by reference from the Company s Form S-1 filed on June 5, 2020 

10.33 
 Pinnacle
 Consulting Agreement 
 Incorporated by reference from the Company s Form S-1 filed on June 5, 2020 

10.34 
 Tabular
 Consulting Agreement 
 Incorporated by reference from the Company s Form S-1 filed on June 5, 2020 

10.35 
 Crown
 Bridge Note 2 nd tranche May 2020 
 Incorporated by reference from the Company s Form S-1 filed on June 5, 2020 

10.36 
 Lelantos
 Convertible Notes 
 Incorporated by reference from the Company s
 Form 8-K filed on February 20, 2020. 

10.37 
 Modification
 Agreement; Lelantos Convertible Notes 
 Incorporated by reference from the Company s
 Form 8-K filed on June 18, 2020. 

10.38 
 Management
 Agreement; Whisper Weed. 
 Incorporated by reference from the Company s
 Form 8-K filed on July 24, 2020. 

10.39 
 Stock
 Purchase Agreement; GHS Investments, LLC 
 Incorporated by reference from the Company s
 Form 8-K filed on August 13, 2020. 

10.40 
 Stock
 Purchase Agreement and Form of Convertible Promissory Note; Natural Plant Extract 
 Incorporated by reference from the Company s
 Form 8-K filed September 1, 2020. 

10.41 
 Share
 Exchange Agreement; Marijuana Company of America, Inc. 
 Incorporated by reference from the Company s
 Form 8-K filed October 2, 2020. 

10.42 
 Securities
 Purchase Agreement with Redstart Holdings Corp dated September 22, 2020 
 Incorporated by reference from the Company s
 Form 10-Q filed on January 13, 2021 

10.43 
 Convertible
 Promissory Note with Redstart Holdings Corp. dated September 22, 2020 
 Incorporated by reference from the Company s
 Form 10-Q filed on January 13, 2021 

70 

10.44 
 Securities
 Purchase Agreement with Redstart Holdings Corp. dated October 30, 2020 
 Incorporated by reference from the Company s
 Form 10-Q filed on January 13, 2021 

10.45 
 Convertible
 Promissory Note with Redstart Holdings Corp. dated October 30, 2020 
 Incorporated by reference from the Company s
 Form 10-Q filed on January 13, 2021 

10.46 
 Ethos
 Technology Acquisition Agreement dated November 16, 2020 
 Incorporated by reference from the Company s
 Form 10-Q filed on January 13, 2021 

10.47 
 Securities
 Purchase Agreement with GW Holdings Group, LLC dated January 12, 2021 
 Incorporated by reference from the Company s
 Form 10-Q filed on January 13, 2021 

10.48 
 Convertible
 Promissory Note with GW Holdings Group, LLC dated January 12, 2021 
 Incorporated by reference from the Company s
 Form 10-Q filed on January 13, 2021 

10.49 
 Riddell
 Independent Director Agreement dated February 18, 2021 
 Incorporated by reference from
 the Company s Form S-1 filed on February 26, 2021 

10.50 
 Securities
 Subscription and Purchase Agreement between Registrant and BHP Capital NY, Inc. 
 Incorporated by reference from the Company s
 Form 8-K filed on February 4, 2021 

10.51 
 Securities
 Subscription and Purchase Agreement between Registrant and Platinum Point Capital, LLC. 
 Incorporated by reference from the Company s
 Form 8-K filed on February 4, 2021 

10.52 
 Stock
 Purchase Agreement with Edward Manolos dated January 27, 2021 
 Incorporated by reference from the Company s
 Form 8-K filed on February 2, 2021 

10.53 
 NPE
 Shareholder Agreement June 5, 2020 
 Incorporated
 by reference from the Company s Form 8-K filed on June 15, 202 

10.54 
 Exchange
 Agreement and Convertible Note - Robert Hymers 
 Incorporated by reference from the Company s
 Form 8-K filed on June 15, 2021 

10.55 
 Jim
 Riley Director Resignation Letter 
 Incorporated by reference from the Company s
 Form 8-K filed on June 15, 202 

10.56 
 Amendment
 to Exchange Agreement - Marijuana Company of America 
 Incorporated by reference from the Company s
 Form 8-K filed on June 11, 2021 

10.57 
 Joint
 Venture Agreement - MCOA 
 Incorporated by reference from the Company s
 Form 8-K filed on May 18, 2021 

10.58 
 Lease
 between Valwood Group, LLC and Lynwood Roads Delivery dated July 1, 2020 
 Incorporated by reference from the Company s
 Form 10-Q filed on July 12, 2021 

71 

10.59 
 Assignment and Amendment of
 Commercial Lease Agreement between Imperial Diversified Holdings, LLC, Valwood Group, LLC and Natural Plant Extract of California,
 Inc. 
 Incorporated by reference from
 the Company s Form 10-Q filed on July 12, 2021 

10.60 
 Convertible Promissory Note
 dated March 8, 2021 
 Incorporated by reference from
 the Company s Form 10-Q filed on July 12, 2021 

10.61 
 Convertible Promissory Note
 dated March 16, 2021 
 Incorporated by reference from
 the Company s Form 10-Q filed on July 12, 2021 

10.62 
 Securities Purchase Agreement
 dated March 25, 2021 
 Incorporated by reference from
 the Company s Form 10-Q filed on July 12, 2021 

10.63 
 Convertible Promissory Note
 dated June 16, 2021 
 Incorporated by reference from
 the Company s Form 10-Q filed on July 12, 2021 

10.64 

Convertible Promissory Note dated July 8, 2021 (Edward Manolos) 
 
 Incorporated by reference from
 the Company s Form S-1 filed on August 27, 2021 

10.65 

Convertible Promissory Note dated July 8, 2021 (Dan Van Nguyen) 
 
 Incorporated by reference from
 the Company s Form S-1 filed on August 27, 2021 

10.66 

Common Stock Purchase Agreement dated August 23, 2021 with Dutchess Capital
Growth Fund, LP 
 
 Incorporated by reference from the Company s Form 8-K filed August
26, 2021. 

10.67 

Registration Rights Agreement dated August 23, 2021 with Dutchess Capital
Growth Fund, LP 
 
 Incorporated by reference from the Company s Form 8-K filed August
26, 2021. 

31.1 

Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14 
 
 Filed Herewith 

31.2 

Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14 
 
 Filed Herewith 

32.1 

CEO and CFO Certification Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act 
 
 Filed Herewith 

101.INS 

XBRL
 Instance Document 
 
 Filed
 Herewith 

101.PRE 

XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase 
 
 Filed
 Herewith 

101.LAB 

XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase 
 
 Filed
 Herewith 

101.DEF 

XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase 
 
 Filed
 Herewith 

101.CAL 

XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase 
 
 Filed
 Herewith 

101.SCH 

XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Schema 
 
 Filed
 Herewith 

Filed herewith. 

In accordance with Rule 406T of Regulation S-T, this information is deemed not filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

ITEM 16. 
 FORM 10-K SUMMARY. 

None. 

72 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13
or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

 Date: December 14, 2021 

CANNABIS GLOBAL, INC. 

By: 
 /s/ Arman Tabatabaei 

Arman Tabatabaei 
Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Chairman 
(Principal Executive and Financial Officer) 

KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each
person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Arman Tabatabaei with full power of substitution and re-substitution and
full power to act without the other, as his or her true and lawful attorney-in-fact and agent to act in his or her name, place and stead
and to execute in the name and on behalf of each person, individually and in each capacity stated below, and to file, any and all documents
in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them,
full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing, ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and
agents or any of them or their and his or her substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue thereof. 

 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities
and on the dates indicated. 

Name 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

December 14, 2021 
 
 /s/ Arman Tabatabaei 
 
 Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Chairman Principal Executive and Financial Officer) 

/s/ Dan Van Nguyen 
 
 Director 

December 14, 2021 

/s/ Edward Manolos 

Director 
 
 December 14, 2021 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ex31x1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1 

I, Arman Tabatabaei, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed
this annual report on Form 10-K for fiscal year year ended August 31, 2021 of Cannabis Global, Inc. 

2. Based on my knowledge,
this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements
made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by
this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge,
the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s
other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by
others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(c) Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s
other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting,
to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant
deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud,
whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting. 

Date: December 14, 2021 

By: 
 /s/ Arman Tabatabaei 

Arman Tabatabaei Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ex31x2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2 

I, Arman Tabatabaei, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed
this annual report on Form 10-K for fiscal year ended August 31, 2021 of Cannabis Global, Inc. 

2. Based on my knowledge,
this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements
made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by
this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge,
the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s
other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by
others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(c) Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s
other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting,
to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant
deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud,
whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting. 

Date: December 14, 2021 

By: 
 /s/ Arman Tabatabaei 

Arman Tabatabaei Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ex32x1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C.
SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF 

 THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the annual
report of Cannabis Global, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for fiscal year ended August 31, 2021, as filed with
the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), each of the undersigned officers of the
Company certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
2002, that, to such officer s knowledge: 

(1) The Report fully
complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information
contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: December 14, 2021 

By: 
 /s/ Arman Tabatabaei 

Arman Tabatabaei Chief Executive Officer 

Date: December 14, 2021 

By: 
 /s/ Arman Tabatabaei 

Arman Tabatabaei Chief Financial Officer 

The foregoing certification
is being furnished solely pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 and is not being filed as part of the Report or as a separate
disclosure document. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 5
 cbgl-20210831.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 cbgl-20210831.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 cbgl-20210831_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 cbgl-20210831_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 cbgl-20210831_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 cbgl-20210831_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

