<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20211129_10-K_edgar_data_1343009_0001683168-21-006005.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>2831858</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>316526</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>542198</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>716159</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>629733</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>544034</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001683168-21-006005.hdr.sgml : 20211129
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20211129161430
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001683168-21-006005
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		64
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20210831
FILED AS OF DATE:		20211129
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20211129

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Cannabics Pharmaceuticals Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001343009
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		IRS NUMBER:				203373669
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0831

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-52403
		FILM NUMBER:		211456297

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		#3 BETHESDA METRO CENTER
		STREET 2:		SUITE 700
		CITY:			BETHESDA
		STATE:			MD
		ZIP:			20814
		BUSINESS PHONE:		877-424-2429

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		#3 BETHESDA METRO CENTER
		STREET 2:		SUITE 700
		CITY:			BETHESDA
		STATE:			MD
		ZIP:			20814

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	American Mining Corp
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20110510

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Thrust Energy Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20051031

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001683168-21-006005.txt : 20211129

10-K
 1
 cannabics_10k-083121.htm

Table of Contents 

 UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 

FORM 10-K 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13
OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended August 31, 2021 

or 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION
13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from ______ to ______. 

Commission File Number: 000-52403 

 ___________________________________________________ 

CANNABICS PHARMACEUTICALS
INC. 

 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

 ___________________________________________________ 

Nevada 
 
 20-3373669 
 
 (State of Incorporation) 
 
 (IRS Employer Identification No.) 

#3 Bethesda Metro Center, Suite 700 
 Bethesda, MD 
 
 20814 
 
 (Address of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip Code) 

Registrant's telephone number, including area code:
877 424-2429 

 ___________________________________________________ 

Securities registered under Section 12(b) of
the Act: 

Title of each class 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 N/A 
 N/A 

Securities registered under Section 12(g) of the
Act: 

 Common Stock, .0001 Par Value 

 (Title of class) 

 ___________________________________________________ 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a
well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes No 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not
required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the issuer was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for
the past 90 days. Yes No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405
of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
Yes No 

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent
filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K 229.405 of this chapter) is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to
the best of registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K
or any amendment to this Form 10-K. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company.
See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer , smaller reporting company ,
and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 
 Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 
 Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial
reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or
issued its audit report. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as
defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 

On August 31st, 2021, the last business day of
the registrant s most recently completed fourth quarter, the aggregate market value of the Common Stock held by non-affiliates of
the registrant was 3,170,292, based upon the closing price on that date of the Common Stock of the registrant on the OTC Bulletin Board
system of 1.02. For purposes of this response, the registrant has assumed that its directors, executive officers and beneficial owners
of 5 or more of its Common Stock are deemed affiliates of the registrant. 

As of November 15 th , 2021, the registrant had 148,661,247
shares of its Common Stock, 0.0001 par value, outstanding. 

Table of Contents 

PART I 

Item 1. Description of Business 
 1 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 22 
 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 43 
 
 Item 2. Properties 
 43 
 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 43 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 43 

PART II 

Item 5. Market For Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 44 
 
 Item 6. Selected Financial Data 
 46 
 
 Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 46 
 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk . 
 49 
 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data . 
 49 
 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 50 
 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 50 
 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 51 

PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers, Promoters and Control Persons; Compliance With Section 16(A) of the Exchange Act 
 52 
 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 55 
 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management Related Stockholder Matters . 
 56 
 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 57 
 
 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 57 

PART IV 
 
 Item 15. Exhibits 
 58 
 
 Signatures 
 59 

i 

FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS 

Certain statements made in this Annual Report
are forward-looking statements (within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995) regarding the
plans and objectives of management for future operations. Such statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors
that may cause actual results, performance or achievements of the Company to be materially different from any future results, performance
or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements made in this Report are based
on current expectations that involve numerous risks and uncertainties. The Company s plans and objectives are based, in part, on
assumptions involving the growth and expansion of business. Assumptions relating to the foregoing involve judgments with respect to, among
other things, future economic, competitive and market conditions and future business decisions, all of which are difficult or impossible
to predict accurately and many of which are beyond the control of the Company. Although the Company believes that its assumptions underlying
the forward-looking statements are reasonable, any of the assumptions could prove inaccurate and, therefore, there can be no assurance
that the forward-looking statements made in this Report will prove to be accurate. In light of the significant uncertainties inherent
in the forward-looking statements made in this Report, the inclusion of such information should not be regarded as a representation by
the Company or any other person that the objectives and plans of the Company will be achieved. 

As used in this Annual Report, the terms we ,
 us , our , Company , and CNBX means Cannabics Pharmaceuticals Inc., unless otherwise
indicated. 

ii 

PART I 

Item 1. Description of Business 

CANNABICS PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. is based in Bethesda,
Maryland, and is dedicated to the development of cannabinoid-based treatments and therapies for treatment of cancer. The Company s
main focus is leveraging its unique High Throughput Screening and bioinformatic platform for drug discovery activities and development
of new drug candidates such as RCC-33, the Company s lead drug candidate under development for the treatment of colorectal cancer. 

Historically we were previously an exploration
stage mining company which transitioned into a bio-tech company in 2014. 

Our corporate address is #3 Bethesda Metro Center,
Suite 700, Bethesda, Maryland, 20814; Telephone (877) 424-2429. 

The Company was previously engaged in the oil and gas exploration business. On April 29th, 2014, the Company
began a new direction and the majority of the Shareholders of the Company elected the Board of Directors and renamed the Company Cannabics
Pharmaceuticals Inc. The Company s R D is conducted in a Government licensed lab facility in Israel with the focus of development
of cannabinoid-based therapies, medications and administration routes for treatment of cancer. 

History: 

Cannabics Pharmaceuticals Inc. was incorporated
on September 15, 2004, under the laws of the State of Nevada, as Thrust Energy Corp., for the purpose of acquiring undivided working interests
in small oil and gas exploration properties and non-operating interests in both producing and exploration projects throughout the United
States and Canada. 

On September 30, 2010, we increased our authorized
capital to 900 million shares of common stock (par value 0.0001) and 100 million shares of preferred stock (par value 0.0001) and effected
a 20-for-1 reverse split of our issued and outstanding common stock. As a result of the reverse split, our issued and outstanding common
stock was reduced from 13,604,000 shares to 680,202 shares and 5,000,000 preferred shares. 

Due to our inability to earn any meaningful revenue
from oil and gas exploration, our management determined in April 2011 that we should change our business plan to include toll milling
and refining. 

On May 5, 2011, we effected a change of name to American Mining Corp.
by completing a short form merger with a wholly-owned subsidiary. 

On April 25, 2014, Cannabics Inc., a Delaware
Corporation, purchased 20,500,000 shares of restricted stock of the Company, thus acquiring control of the Company. 

On June 3, 2014, the Company's Board of Directors
declared a two-to-one forward stock split of all outstanding shares of common stock. The stock split was approved by FINRA on June 19th,
2014. The effect of the stock split increased the number of shares of common stock outstanding from 40,880,203 to 81,760,406. All common
share and per common share data in these financial statements and related notes hereto have been retroactively adjusted to account for
the effect of the stock split for all periods presented prior to June 3rd, 2014. The total number of authorized common shares and the
par value thereof was not changed by the split. 

On June 19, 2014, FINRA granted final approval
of Change of Name Ticker Symbol of the Corporation from American Mining Corporation to CANNABICS PHARMACEUTICALS INC., with the
new Ticker Symbol of CNBX . Said approval was predicated upon Cannabics Pharmaceuticals Inc. s filing of Articles of
Merger with American Mining Corporation with the Nevada Secretary of State on May 21st, 2014. Under the laws of the State of Nevada, Cannabics
Pharmaceuticals Inc. was merged with and into the Registrant, with the Registrant being the surviving entity. The Merger was completed
under Section 92A.180 of the Nevada Revised Statutes, Chapter 92A, as amended, and as such, does not require the approval of the stockholders
of either the Registrant or Cannabics Pharmaceuticals Inc. 

1 

On July 24, 2014, the Company executed a Collaboration
Agreement with Cannabics Inc. Cannabics ), a Delaware corporation and largest shareholder of the Company. Per the terms
of the Agreement, the Company issued 18,239,594 shares of its common stock to acquire the entire institutional knowledge of Cannabics,
Inc., which primarily consists of in-process Research Development technology, the cumulative result of its years of scientific institutional
knowledge in the fields of Molecular Biology, Cancer and Pharmacology research. Additionally, Cannabics tendered 150,000 to the Company
specifically earmarked as working funds towards prospective projects of the Company. Per the Agreement, from that day forth they have
carried forward their research and development as part of, and for the exclusive benefit of the Company, which initial findings have now
branched out into new and divergent discoveries. 

On August 25, 2014, Cannabics Pharmaceuticals
Inc. incorporated a wholly owned subsidiary in Israel, named G.R.I.N Ultra Ltd , dedicated to advanced research and development. 

On July 3, 2018, the Company announced the conclusion
of its Clinical Trial of Cannabics SR 5mg drug for Cancer Anorexia Cachexia Syndrome, as noted on the press release of that date. 

On June 16 th , 2020, the Company announced
its appointment of Dr. Erez Scapa, MD, to its Scientific Board of Advisors. Dr. Scapa is an Expert in Invasive Gastroenterology in the
Sourasky Medical Center in Tel-Aviv, Israel, where he is head of the Endoscopic Submucosal Dissection (ESD) program. 

On August 5 th , 2020, the Company announced
its appointment of Dr. Dana Ben-Ami Shor to its Scientific Board of Advisors, where she will help lead the design and implementation of
the company's clinical validation plan of its novel drug candidates for the treatment of colorectal cancer. 

On August 20 th , 2020, the Company
announced the creation of a new Division for its Anti-Tumor drug candidate RCC-33, for the treatment of colorectal cancer. The emanates
from the Company s focus on a clinical validation path, including in-vivo experiments, collaborations with key medical centers,
and the preparation of a product dossier with which the company plans to schedule a Pre IND-Meeting with the U.S. Food and Drug Administration
(the FDA ). 

On October 18 th , 2021, the Company
filed 2 new Provisional Patent applications on Compositions and Methods for treating cancer, including colorectal cancer and early intervention
therapy for colorectal cancer patients. 

Our Business: 

Company Overview 

We are a pre-clinical-stage, platform technology
biopharmaceutical company which has developed proprietary innovative medicines in areas of significant unmet medical needs in oncology,
with a current focus on colorectal cancer CRC ). Our drug candidate under development for colon cancer is RCC-33, a first-in-class
therapy being developed primarily in two settings: one to reduce tumor cell activity in colon cancer patients as a standalone in neoadjuvant
treatment or window of opportunity at the time after colonoscopy, prior to cancer staging; and another for patients with refractory
to therapy and adjuvant to surgery also at the time after colonoscopy. The Company hopes to start first in human Phase I/II clinical
trials in 2022. Neoadjuvant treatment is the administration of a therapy before the surgical treatment to improve patient outcome, and
our business strategy is to advance our programs through clinical studies including with partners, and to opportunistically add programs
in areas of high unmet medical needs through acquisition, collaboration, or internal development. 

1. General: 

Cannabics Pharmaceuticals Inc. is an early-stage
pharmaceutical company primarily focused on the development of novel oncological therapies. The company is currently preparing to launch
its first in human Phase I/II (a) clinical study in 2022, for the evaluation of its lead drug candidate RCC-33 for the treatment
of colorectal cancer. The company s activities are centered around the company s biological laboratory facilities located
in Rehovot Israel, where our scientific team leads the company s research and development efforts. 

2 

Our company s core activities consist of: 

Drug Discovery: development of novel
molecular formulations and drug candidates; 

Intellectual Property: filing of
corresponding IP to protect our products; and 

Regulatory Affairs: initiation of
the regulatory pathway for each drug candidate in our development pipeline 

Our current business model is to undertake an FDA
regulatory pathway for each of the new drug candidates under IND (Investigational New Drug) classification and complete a successful
Phase I/II(a) clinical study (toxicity and proof of concept in humans). In reaching this milestone, where an initial feasibility in humans
was demonstrated, the company will have gained several commercial opportunities for capitalizing on each such product candidate, including
entering into commercial agreements with larger pharma corporations. Accordingly, our company does not engage in any manufacturing, distribution,
or sales of products, nor is it foreseeable to expect that we will in the near future. 

2. Development pipeline: 

2.1. RCC-33: colorectal cancer treatment drug candidate: 

Our flagship product under development, RCC-33,
is an antitumor drug candidate for the treatment of colorectal cancer, which is the 3 rd most diagnosed and 2 nd most
lethal of all cancers, with approximately 2M new cases being diagnosed annually worldwide and a current market estimated at 12B, and
which is expected to reach 17B by 2027. 

The RCC-33 proprietary formula consists of a specific
synthetic cannabinoid molecular composition that has demonstrated the potential to reduce colorectal cancer tumor volume by over 30 in
repeated in-vivo studies performed. 

Overview 

Cancer and Cannabinoids 

Cancer is a general term used to describe
a group of more than 100 related diseases characterized by uncontrolled growth and spread of abnormal cells, leading to the development
of a mass commonly known as a tumor, followed by invasion of the surrounding tissues and subsequent spread, or metastasis, to other parts
of the body. Despite enormous investment in research and the introduction of new treatments, cancer remains a critical area of unmet medical
need. According to the World Health Organization, cancer is the second leading cause of mortality worldwide, responsible for an estimated
9.6 million deaths in 2018. As of January 1, 2019, there were more than 16.9 million people with a history of cancer living in the United
States, with 1.8 million new cases and 606,520 cancer deaths expected in 2020 Source: American Cancer Society. Cancer Facts 
Figures 2020 ). 

Over the past decade, there has been
growing interest in the therapeutic value of cannabinoid compounds in oncology. Cannabis has long been suggested as a well-tolerated,
safe, and effective option to help patients cope with cancer related symptoms by reducing nausea and vomiting, alleviating cancer pain,
stimulating appetite, and improving quality of life. Beyond their palliative benefits, however, cannabinoids have also been receiving
increased attention for their anti-cancer potential, which we believe may one day revolutionize cancer therapy. 

Cannabinoids are a diverse class of
chemical compounds that occur naturally within cannabis plants and are pharmacologically similar to cannabinoids produced by the human
body, known as endocannabinoids. Endocannabinoids form part of the human endocannabinoid system (ECS), a complex biological network that
also includes cannabinoid receptors and enzymes involved in cannabinoid formation, transport, and degradation. The ECS is regarded as
an important endogenous system implicated in regulation of the most vital biological processes to maintain homeostasis, assisting the
body to remain stable and balanced despite external, or environmental, fluctuations (Source: Current Pharmaceutical Design, 2016;22(12):1756-1766) . 

3 

Dysregulation of the ECS owing to variation
in the expression and function of cannabinoid receptors or enzymes or the concentration of endocannabinoids has been associated with several
diseases, including cancer Source: International Journal of Molecular Sciences, 2020;21(3):747 ). Indeed, the mechanisms involved
in the regulation of the ECS as well as the processes that it regulates include practically every pathway important in cancer biology.
Expression of the ECS is altered in numerous types of tumors, compared to healthy tissue, and this aberrant expression has been related
to cancer prognosis and disease outcome, depending on the origin of the cancer Source: British Journal of Pharmacology, 2018;175(13):2566-2580 ).
Recent studies suggest that endocannabinoids contribute to maintaining balance in cell proliferation and that targeting the ECS can affect
cancer growth Source: Canadian Urological Association Journal, 2017;11(3-4):E138-E142 ). 

Cannabinoids can interact with the cannabinoid
receptors in the ECS, sometimes with a higher affinity than endocannabinoids. As a consequence, all the processes regulated by endocannabinoids
are susceptible to interference by cannabinoids. The ability to use cannabinoids to modulate the ECS encompasses several attractive pharmacotherapeutic
targets for systemic anti-cancer treatment and has sparked considerable research examining cannabinoid action on cancer cells Source:
Pharmacological Reviews, 2006;58(3):389-462 ). 

Cannabinoids have demonstrated selective
anti-tumor properties in preclinical studies, exerting anti-proliferative, proapoptotic, anti-angiogenic, and anti-metastatic and anti-inflammatory
effects depending on tumor type and specific setting Source: Cancer Medicine, 2018:7(3):765-775 ). These effects appear to be more
pronounced when cannabinoids are used together versus being administered separately, a mechanism known as the entourage effect .
We believe, therefore, that cannabinoid combinations may hold promise for an improved anti-proliferative strategy for cancer management. 

In addition to their potential role
as anti-cancer agents, cannabinoids have been observed to act synergistically with some conventional antineoplastic drugs, such as chemotherapeutic
agents, enhancing their effectiveness Source: Cancer Medicine, 2018;7(3)765-775 ). This raises the potential for combinational
therapies that may increase the range of chemotherapeutic options available to patients and enable targeting of tumor progression at
different levels while also permitting dosages of cytotoxic drugs to be dramatically reduced without compromising efficacy. 

Figure 1 : Synergistic
effects of cannabis extracts and chemotherapies on cancer biopsy after treatment with the same extract and three different chemotherapy
combinations 

As of the date of this filing, we are
not aware of any cannabinoid-based therapies approved for the treatment of cancer. 

Our lead product candidate is RCC-33, which we
are developing as a treatment for CRC. RCC-33 is an oral capsule containing a proprietary formulation of cannabinoids that have demonstrated
synergistic efficacy in reducing the viability of human colon cancer cell lines in preclinical studies. 

Colorectal Cancer 

CRC is one of the more common forms of cancer
worldwide, representing a significant challenge to the global healthcare system. According to the World Health Organization, CRC is the
third most diagnosed cancer in the world and the second-leading cause of cancer-related mortality. In the United States, there were approximately
1,348,087 people living with CRC in 2017 Source: National Cancer Institute. Cancer Stat Facts: Colorectal Cancer ).
It is estimated that 147,950 Americans will be diagnosed with CRC in 2020, representing 8.2 of all new cancer cases, and 53,200 Americans
will die from the disease Source: American Cancer Society. Cancer Facts Figures 2020 ). 

4 

Most CRCs begin as a noncancerous growth called
a polyp that develops on the inner lining of the colon or rectum. The most common kind of polyp is called an adenomatous polyp or adenoma.
According to the American Cancer Society, an estimated one-third to one-half of all individuals will eventually develop one or more adenomas.
Although all adenomas have the capacity to become cancerous, fewer than 10 are estimated to progress to invasive cancer. The likelihood
that an adenoma will evolve into cancer increases as it becomes larger or when it acquires certain histopathological characteristics.
Adenomas that become cancerous, called adenocarcinomas, comprise nearly 96 of all CRCs Source: American Cancer Society. Colorectal
Cancer Facts Figures 2017-2019 ). Adenocarcinomas may grow into blood vessels or lymph vessels, increasing the chance
of metastasis to other anatomical sites. 

CRC usually develops slowly, over a period of
10 to 20 years. The complex sequence of events occurring during initiation, development and propagation of adenocarcinomas is likely the
result of a lifelong accumulation of mutations caused by both genetic and environmental factors known as the adenoma to carcinoma sequence.
While the specific cause of any particular case of CRC is often unknown, more than one-half of all cases and deaths are attributable to
lifestyle and environmental factors, such as smoking, unhealthy diet, high alcohol consumption, physical inactivity, and excess body weight Source: American Cancer Society. Cancer Facts Figures 2020 ). 

CRC does not usually cause symptoms until the
disease is advanced, therefore early detection of adenomas by screening is vital. If not treated or removed, an adenoma can become a potentially
life-threatening cancer. 

Current Standard of Care 

Treatment options for CRC patients depend on several
factors, including the type and stage of cancer, possible side effects, and the patient s preferences and overall health. Surgical
removal of the tumor is the most common form of treatment, particularly in the early stages of malignancy. Patients with more advanced
stages of CRC may be given adjuvant chemotherapy to kill any cancer cells remaining after surgery, though standard chemotherapy is associated
with severe side effects and provides marginal benefit to the majority of patients. While radiation therapy is often used to treat rectal
cancer, it is not generally recommended for colon cancer patients except in the later stages of the disease Source: American Cancer
Society. Treating Colorectal Cancer . 

CRC is a heterogeneous disease with distinct clinical,
molecular, and pathophysiological characteristics. As a result, the response to treatment is variable between patients, even when they
are diagnosed at the same clinical stage. Such heterogeneity remains an obstacle to the optimization of treatment for each individual.
Researchers are continuing to investigate new treatment options, such as immunotherapy and targeted therapy, that focus upon the genes,
proteins, and other factors in a particular tumor Source: American Cancer Society. Advances in Colorectal Research ). 

Immunotherapy uses the body s own immune
system to kill cancer cells. There are already several FDA-approved immunotherapy options for CRC, such as pembrolizumab (Keytruda ),
nivolumab (Opdivo ), and ipilimumab (Yervoy ). Many immunotherapies that have shown promise in addressing other types of cancer
are also being tested for CRC. While immunotherapy has had some encouraging results, significant limitations remain. Its efficacy is often
unpredictable, and the treatment can lead to the body becoming resistant or result in off-target toxicities where the body s immune
system attacks healthy tissue. Immunotherapy may take longer than other protocols and it is substantially more expensive than classical
treatments Source: Pharmacy Therapeutics, 2017;42(8):514-521 ). 

Targeted therapy uses drugs to target specific
molecules inside cancer cells or on their surface to slow the growth of cancer, destroy cancer cells, and relieve cancer symptoms. There
are different types of targeted therapy drugs, each working differently depending on what molecule the drug is targeting. A treatment
is chosen based on the types of molecules expressed on the patient s tumor cells, which allows doctors to tailor cancer treatment
for each person. Several targeted therapy drugs, such as bevacizumab (Avasin and cetuximab (Erbitux ), are already used to treat
advanced CRC. Despite showing clinical promise, targeted therapy has challenges, such as tumor heterogeneity, off-target toxicity, and
acquired resistance Source: Medical Research Journal, 2019;4(2):99-105 ). The lack of biomarkers by which to identify patients
having a high probability of response is also a particularly significant obstacle. As with immunotherapy, the cost of targeted therapy
is substantially higher than classical treatments. 

We believe that there is no magic bullet 
to cure cancer and that a personalized combination of cancer treatments may be the best course for long term survival benefits in each
case. To that end, the development of more prevention strategies and novel agents will be essential. 

5 

Cannabinoids and Colorectal Cancer 

One area of increasing interest in the treatment
of CRC lies in the development and use of cannabinoid therapeutics. The ECS is regarded as an important regulatory system in the gastrointestinal
tract, being involved in several important functions such as motility, secretion, sensation, inflammation, and carcinogenesis. Recent
studies advocate that the ECS plays a critical role in the development of CRC and should therefore be considered as an appropriate target
for CRC inhibition Source: Frontiers in Pharmacology, 2016;7:361 ). The expression of ECS components in CRC has been found to be
increased and associated with poorer prognosis and advanced stages of disease Source: Cannabis and Cannabinoid Research, 2018, 3(1):272-281 ).
For example, cannabinoid receptors have been found to be overexpressed in tumor cells of the colon and this up-regulation has been postulated
to be an indicator of cancer outcome Source: British Journal of Pharmacology, 2018; 175(13): 2566-2580 ). 

Research on the effects of cannabinoid compounds
on CRC has demonstrated an ability to reduce the viability of CRC cell lines in vitro Source: Cancer Medicine, 2018;7(3):765-775 ),
while there is also convincing scientific evidence that cannabinoids are able to prevent or reduce carcinogenesis in different animal
models of colon cancer Source: Expert Review of Gastroenterology Hepatology, 11:10, 871-873 ). 

We believe that cannabinoids are a promising
therapeutic agent for the treatment of CRC. We have conducted several in vitro unpublished studies using our bioinformatics
platform to confirm that cannabinoids cause necrosis in colon cancer cells. While many cannabinoids demonstrate levels of toxicity on
cancer cells, we have found that certain cannabinoid extracts and combinations show increased levels of toxicity relative to other isolated
or combined cannabinoids. These findings have spurred the development of RCC-33, our product candidate for the treatment of CRC. 

Figure 2 : Synergistic effects
of different cannabinoid combinations on viability of a colon cancer cell line . 

RCC-33 

We are developing RCC-33 as an oral capsule containing
high concentrations of the cannabinoids CBDV and CBGA in a novel formulation, which we believe may be effective in the treatment of adenocarcinomas
of the colon. The cannabinoids in RCC-33 have demonstrated complex synergistic anti-tumor effects in combination, with no psychoactive
effect. In our preclinical in vitro studies evaluating the influence of 15 different cannabinoids on human colon cancer cell
lines (RKO, HCT116), alone and in combination, RCC-33 demonstrated clear efficacy in reducing the viability of colon cancer cells versus
alternative cannabinoid combinations. 

6 

Development Plan 

We are currently in the early planning stage of
a clinical development pathway for RCC-33. We plan to conduct further preclinical studies to establish the safety and efficacy of RCC-33
before proceeding with first-in-human clinical testing. 

Preclinical Studies 

We plan to conduct non-clinical
safety studies following Good Laboratory Practice (GLP) to evaluate the systemic and local toxicity of escalating doses of RCC-33 and
establish dosing parameters. The results of these preclinical studies, which are expected in the second quarter of 2022, will guide our
planned Phase I/II(a) clinical trial. The non-clinical requirements to support the development program will be verified with the FDA
at a pre-IND meeting. Such studies may include repeated dose toxicity studies, male and female fertility studies, embryofetal development
studies, animal abuse related studies, pharmacokinetics studies, drug-drug interaction studies, and others. 

Clinical Trials 

We plan to evaluate the safety, tolerability,
and pharmacokinetic properties of RCC-33 in a Phase I/II(a) ascending dose clinical trial in CRC patients, commencing in the first quarter
2023. The clinical trial will examine the tolerability, pharmacokinetics, pharmacodynamics, and efficacy of multiple doses of RCC-33 in
CRC patients. We are currently identifying potential contract research organizations and clinical trial centers to conduct the Phase I/II(a)
human proof of concept study, which is estimated to cost 6,500,000. As of the date of this filing, however, the Company does not have
sufficient funds to complete the Phase I/II(a) study. 

Subject to the results from our Phase I trials,
we plan to submit an IND to the FDA for RCC-33 with the clinical protocol for a Phase II double-blind placebo controlled clinical trial
evaluating RCC-33 in patients with CRC at various dosing levels versus placebo. The outcomes from the planned Phase II human proof of
concept trial will inform our decision regarding further steps in the clinical development of RCC-33. 

Our Pipeline: 

In addition to RCC-33 , our colorectal cancer
treatment drug candidate, the company has several other drug candidates under development, including PLP-33 for the local treatment
of Lateral Spreading, or Sessile, colorectal polyps during colonoscopy, BRST-33 for the treatment of breast cancer, MLN-33 
for the treatment of Melanoma and PRST-33 for the treatment of prostate cancer. These additional drug candidates are in the early
stage of development and the company expects to complete the in-vivo research for each product by end of 2022. (see Fig. 1). Further to
that, and based on the company s drug discovery expertise and facilities, the company has recently begun initial drug discovery
efforts for using psychedelic inspired molecules in the field of neuropsychiatric diseases, and is currently evaluating the development
of two such drug candidates Np-01 and NP-02 . (see Fig. 1 

Fig. 1 

7 

2.2. 
Product lines currently not actively developed: 

The company has several product lines that are
currently not being actively developed following company s decision to focus its resources and attention exclusively on the development
of its FDA route drug candidates described above. The product lines not actively developed include: 

Cannbics SR alleviate for the treatment
of cancer related anorexia-cachexia syndrome (CACS) 

 Cannabics SR is a lipid-based capsule containing
a standardized formulation of cannabinoids that we are developing as a product candidate for the treatment of cancer anorexia-cachexia
syndrome CACS ). 

Cannabics CDx evaluate Drug Sensitivity
Test 

 Cannabics CDx is an ex-vivo drug sensitivity test
under development to provide healthcare providers with clinical decision support data from which they can identify, for a particular cancer
patient undergoing cannabinoid therapy, which cannabinoids or cannabinoid combinations may have the most beneficial anti-cancer effects,
and which cannabinoids may be contraindicated. 

Both Cannabics SR and Cannabics CDx 
are products that are still in the development phase. The company s decision to not actively develop these products at this time
is driven primarily by the company s decision to focus its resources and attention on the development of company s cancer
treatment drug candidates, and the initial evaluation of potential neuropsychiatric indications as per the development pipeline outlined
in Fig1 . 

Company may revisit this decision at a later stage
after launching the first in human clinical studies for the validation of its colorectal cancer treatment drug candidate RCC-33. 

3. 
Market opportunity for cancer treatment drug candidates: 

3.1. 
Neoadjuvant therapy: 

According to the National Cancer Institute, Neoadjuvant
Therapy is a treatment given as a first step to shrink a tumor before the main treatment, which is usually surgery . 

Limitations: 

Mild to severe side effects 

Suppressed immune system 

Potential resistance of tumor residues to postoperative chemotherapy 

nCRT increases ITGH and may result in the expansion of resistant
tumor cell populations in residual tumors . 

Frontiers in Oncology. 2019 

 The Effects of Neoadjuvant Chemoradiation in
Locally Advanced Rectal Cancer The Impact in Intratumoral Heterogeneity. 

8 

3.1.1 Neoadjuvant therapy in rectal cancer 

Neoadjuvant chemoradiotherapy has become
the standard treatment for locally advanced rectal cancer. Neoadjuvant chemoradiotherapy not only can reduce tumor size and recurrence,
but also increase the tumor resection rate and anus retention rate with very slight side effect. Comparing with preoperative chemotherapy,
preoperative chemoradiotherapy can further reduce the local recurrence rate and downstage. Middle and low rectal cancers can benefit more
from neoadjuvant chemradiotherapy than high rectal cancer. 

3.1.2 Neoadjuvant therapy in breast cancer 

In early breast cancer, surgery is the mainstay
of curative treatment. Complementary local radiotherapy and systemic - adjuvant endocrine therapy or chemotherapy treatments are associated
with the aim of reducing the risk of relapse according to the clinicopathological characteristics of the tumor. However, the possibility
of administering these therapies prior to surgery in neoadjuvant setting offers several advantages: 

reduction in tumor size to improve
respectability, 

increased rate of conservative surgery
improving esthetic results, 

reduction in the extent of axillary
surgery, 

early treatment of micrometastatic
disease 

9 

Fig 1. Asco Guidelines for neoadjuvant therapy in breast cancer 

According to ASCO guidelines most of the patients are
eligible for neoadjuvant chemotherapy and are the end consumers of BRST-33, while the current treatment regimen negates severe side
effects. 

Side effects and risks of standard of care: 

nausea or vomiting 

hair loss 

nail or skin changes 

appetite loss 

weight changes 

diarrhea or constipation 

mouth sores 

fatigue 

3.2. 
Cannabinoid Neoadjuvant Therapy 

For some time now, the FDA has promoted
clinical studies on Cannabinoids as a growing range of stakeholders has expressed interest in development of drugs that contain cannabis
and compounds found in cannabis. Recent legislative changes have also opened new opportunities for medical cannabis clinical research.
As this body of research progresses and grows, the FDA is working to support drug development in this emerging scientific arena. 

10 

RCC-33 
BRST-33 Potential safe drugs improving rectal and breast cancer neoadjuvant standard of care 

RCC-33 BRST-33 anticipated
advantage over standard of care: 

Non-Suppressed immune system 

potential low toxicity which is
even more important in neoadjuvant treatment since patients will suffer less side effects. Since the two drug candidates are based on
two natural molecules (cannabinoids) found in the Cannabis plant, the safety of the molecules in the short and long run is potentially
lower. Not like in a new drug entity in which toxicity could not be predicted. 

Overcoming Potential resistance of tumor residues to postoperative chemotherapy 

4. 
Outsourced GMP manufacturing and commercial operation: 

4.1. 
Outsourced GMP manufacturing 

Our current position is that all
of our Chemistry Manufacturing and Controls (CMC) required for the approval process of our drug candidates is to be outsourced. The RCC-33
formulation, as well as all additional drug candidates in our pipeline, while inspired by natural molecules, could consist only of formulations
made from chemically synthesized molecules, or APIs (Active Pharmaceutical Ingredients) . Our Company is not engaged in the development
of any botanical or botanically based product/s. Additionally, in view of our upcoming submission of a pre-IND meeting request with the
FDA, the Company has entered an agreement with Purisys, a supplier of GMP (Good Manufacturing Practice) grade APIs suited for Clinical
Stage Products. Purisys is a large and long-established US corporation with a long track record of working with the FDA. Accordingly,
under said agreement, Purisys will also support CNBX throughout an IND filing process, including providing all necessary and related
information concerning CMC in the form of a comprehensive technical package to be presented to the FDA. APIs supplied under said agreement
will be used by Company in Phase I/II (a) clinical studies that it is planning to launch in 2022. 

4.2. 
Commercial Operations 

We have not established
a sales, marketing, or product distribution infrastructure. We plan to commercialize any drugs we develop through licensing arrangements
and strategic partnerships with established companies in the pharmaceutical industry having strong marketing capabilities and distribution
networks. We generally intend to advance our drug candidates through Phase I and Phase II clinical trials as appropriate in order to
establish their clinical and commercial potential before negotiating the terms of any licensing or collaboration. We believe that this
approach will achieve the fullest marketing and distribution potential of any drugs or other products that we may develop in the short
term. 

5. 
Core activities: 

5.1. 
Drug Discovery 

Conduct all screening and pre-clinical research
at in-house state of the art laboratory facilities 

Our Research and Development: 

To address these problems and improve clinical
outcomes, Cannabics focuses on the development of diagnostics that monitor cancer progression and cannabinoid-cancer sensitivity tests
to tailor treatment of cancer with cannabinoid medicine. Utilizing novel High-Throughput Screening (HTS) methods to perform studies on
cancer cell lines and on circulating tumor cells (CTC) derived from cannabis medicated patients. 

We aim to treat a wide scope of cancers both as
the main treatment and as a conjugate to conventional chemotherapy. We believe a significant need remains for novel drugs for patients
who do not respond to existing therapies or for whom these therapies bear undesirable side effects. We recognize the potential therapeutic
applications of the synergistic effects of these active compounds thus building the methodology and procedures that decipher specific
ratios of active compounds in regard to their antitumor activity. 

11 

Our government licensed laboratory operates a
unique, custom designed and built research and development laboratory which combines high throughput screening, (HTS) capabilities with
the most advanced data tools allowing us to enable miniaturization and automation of a variety of biological assays. The automated system
is comprised of: 

1. 
 High Content Screening (HCS) Platform, which is an automated cellular imaging and analysis platform designed for quantitative microscopy. 

2. 
 Flow Cytometry, which enables multi-parametric single cell analysis. 

3. 
 Automated workstation, for liquid handling for dispensing accurate and reproducible volumes of liquids and compounds. 

4. 
 Multimode microplate reader, designed for fast measurements of numerous biological reactions/processes. 

The integration of these instruments is enabled
via a robotic arm, which allows a continuous process which utilizes all instruments. 

Readouts generated from these instruments provide
us with insights to the effect of our cannabinoid library on parameters such as, proliferation inhibition, apoptosis induction, angiogenesis
prevention and toxicity on cancerous cells. 

These experiments will produce multiplexed data
composed of images of cells, cell specific markers and the extent/signal of the biological response. The biological response will be
measured using different concentration of cannabinoids and their combinations, thus determining the most effective cannabinoid treatment
for a specific cancer type. 

Invitro Studies Drug Screening 

We have a proprietary procedure of high throughput
screening (HTS) and high content screening (HCS) for the detection of correlations between cannabinoid ratios, dosages and anti-tumor
activity using a growing library of human cancer cell lines and creating an enlarged variety of Cannabis-based compounds. We examine
the biological activity of these compounds on tumor cell lines of distinct tissue lineage and creating a highly valuable therapeutic
data. We Screen for the most potent cannabinoid/natural extracts. Our goal in the invitro studies is to build a library of both purified
and natural cannabinoid extracts and to reveal their biological impact on a library of cancer cell lines. The HTS technology enables
us to gain this data base in a faster manner and to reveal more mechanisms of action that are related to the genetics of the cancer.
We are now in the process of merging our data with sophisticated data mining to help find meaningful insights of both treatment and outcome. 

Our core technology is a continuously evolving
bioinformatics platform that utilizes high-throughput screening technology, advanced data analytics, and proprietary methodologies to
rapidly examine the physiologic effect of multiple cannabinoid compounds on tumor cells. This technology enables us to screen thousands
of cannabinoid combinations, generating multiple datasets on the anti-tumor properties of different cannabinoid formulations and ratios.
We conduct a broad range of preclinical research on cannabinoids through our bioinformatics platform, which informs the development of
our product drug candidates. 

12 

We have developed a continuously evolving
preclinical bioinformatics platform that enables us to evaluate and classify the physiological impact of multiple cannabinoid
compounds on various cancer cells. Utilizing state-of-the-art high-throughput screening and flow cytometry, our platform is capable
of testing thousands of compounds weekly, allowing us to rapidly and effectively examine their interactions with a growing library
of human cancer cell lines and biopsies. Through the large body of data generated by our platform, we are accumulating in-depth
knowledge of the various therapeutic effects of cannabinoids and patterns of cannabinoid ratios that demonstrate meaningful
physiologic impact on cancer. 

Our bioinformatics platform includes the following: 

high-throughput screening, high content screening, flow cytometry, machine learning, robotics, and proprietary methodologies; 

a library of human cancer cell lines and thousands of different combinations and ratios of cannabinoid compounds in a costumed matrix; 

a growing database of biological response data; 

in-house extraction, processing methodologies, and analytical techniques that yield well-characterized and standardized extracts; 

collaborations with regulated cannabis producers that may expand our cannabinoid compound library and provide us with access for future proprietary cultivars; 

fully integrated in-house research and development; and 

regulatory expertise. 

Once a series of potentially active cannabinoids
is identified for a specific cancer type, we then test and confirm their activity through in vitro and ex-vivo evaluation
studies to determine their potential activity. Through this process, we are able to assess their therapeutic potential. The results of
our pre-clinical experiments provide starting points for our clinical development programs. 

5.2. Intellectual Property

Expand and protect the technology, inventions, and trade secrets that
are critical for business development. 

Intellectual Property 

Our success depends in significant part on our
ability to protect the proprietary nature of our Product Prospects, technology and know-how, to operate without infringing on the proprietary
rights of others; and to defend challenges and oppositions from others and prevent others from infringing on our proprietary rights, including
our provisional patents described below. 

We plan to continue to seek patent protection
in the United States and other countries for our proprietary technologies. To date, our intellectual property portfolio includes three
provisional patents, filed with the USPTO, related to our line of activity (pharmaceutical formulations; drug delivery; therapeutic uses
of cannabinoids and other cannabis compounds and personalized cannabinoid diagnostics), as well as know-how and trade secrets. 

13 

The Company s current patent applications: 

Title 
 
 Application Type 
 
 Country 
 
 Status 
 
 Filing Date 
 
 System and Method for High-throughput Screening of Cancer Cells 

Utility patent application 
 (national Phase) 
 
 United States 
 
 Pending 
 
 04/05/2016 
 
 System and Method for High-throughput Screening of Cancer Cells 
 
 Patent application 
 
 China 
 
 Pending 
 
 04/05/2016 
 
 System and Method for High-throughput Screening of Cancer Cells 
 
 Patent application 
 
 Japan 
 
 Pending 
 
 04/05/2016 
 
 System and Method for High-throughput Screening of Cancer Cells 
 
 Patent application 
 
 Canada 
 
 Pending 
 
 04/05/2016 
 
 System and Method for High-throughput Screening of Cancer Cells 
 
 Patent application 
 
 India 
 
 Pending 
 
 04/05/2016 
 
 System and Method for High-throughput Screening of Cancer Cells 
 
 Patent 
 
 Israel 
 
 Granted 
 
 04/05/2016 
 
 System and Method for High-throughput Screening of Cancer Cells 
 
 Patent application 
 
 Australia 
 
 Pending 
 
 04/05/2016 
 
 System and Method for High-throughput Screening of Cancer Cells 
 
 Regional Patent 
 
 Europe 
 
 Granted 
Validated in: France, Germany, Great Britain, Italy, Liechtenstein Netherlands, Switzerland 
 
 04/05/2016 
 
 System and Method for High-throughput Screening of Cancer Cells 
 
 Regional Patent application 
 
 Europe 
 
 Pending 
 
 04/05/2016 
 
 System and Method for High-throughput Screening of Cancer Cells 
 
 Patent application 
 
 Brazil 
 
 Pending 
 
 04/05/2016 
 
 System and Method for High-throughput Screening of Cancer Cells 
 
 Patent 
 
 Mexico 
 
 Granted 
 
 04/05/2016 
 
 System and Method for High-throughput Screening of Cancer Cells 
 
 Patent 
 
 South Africa 
 
 Granted 
 
 04/05/2016 
 
 System and Method for High-throughput Screening of Cancer Cells 
 
 Patent application 
 
 Hong Kong 
 
 Pending 
 
 04/05/2016 
 
 Cannabinoid Compositions, Methods of Manufacture and Use Thereof 
 
 Patent application 
 
 Israel 
 
 Pending 
 
 24/02/2016 
 
 Cannabinoid Compositions, Methods of Manufacture and Use Thereof 
 
 Utility patent application 
 
 United States 
 
 Pending 
 
 23/02/2017 
 
 Cannabinoid Compositions, Methods of Manufacture and Use Thereof 
 
 Patent application 
 
 Canada 
 
 Pending 
 
 23/02/2017 
 
 Method for Sensitivity Testing of Cannabinoids on Patient-Derived Tumor Biopsies and CTCs 
 
 National Phase Patent Application 
 
 Israel 
 
 Pending 
 
 02/01/2018 
 
 Method for Sensitivity Testing of Cannabinoids on Patient-Derived Tumor Biopsies and CTCs 
 
 National Phase Patent 
 
 United States 
 
 Pending 
 
 02/01/2018 

Method for Sensitivity Testing of Cannabinoids on Patient-Derived Tumor Biopsies and CTCs 
 
 National Phase Patent 
 
 Canada 
 
 Pending 
 
 02/01/2018 
 
 Novel System and Method for Microbiome Profiling and Modulation by Means of Cannabis Administration 
 
 Utility patent application 
 
 United States 
 
 Pending 
 
 07/11/2018 
 
 Composition and method for treating cancer with cannabinoids 
 
 PCT International patent application 
 
 WIPO 
 
 Pending 
 
 13/04/2021 

14 

We anticipate that we will file additional patent
applications in conjunction with our research, testing, and development of our cannabis-based Product Prospects. 

Our policy is to seek patent protection for the
technology, inventions and improvements that we consider important to the development of our business, but only in those cases where
we believe that the costs of obtaining patent protection is justified by the scientific and commercial potential of the technology, and
typically only in those jurisdictions that we believe present significant commercial opportunities. We anticipate that we will file additional
patent applications in conjunction with our research, testing, and development of our cannabis-based products. 

5.3. 
Scientific Advisory Board: 

The development of our drug candidates is taking
place with the close guidance and support of our clinical advisory team consisting of world-renowned experts, including doctors and scientists
with specific expertise in the fields of cancer research, cancer treatment, Oncology, Hematology, Melanoma, Gastroenterology, AI and FDA
regulation. Our team of experts is highly qualified and respected worldwide, some members having numerous publications in their respected
names, including in high authority peer reviewed publications such as The New England Journal of Medicine and Nature, to name only a few. 

Prof. Caroline Robert (MD) 

Prof. Caroline Robert, M.D., Ph.D., is a world-renowned
expert on Melanoma and is Head of the Dermatology Unit at Institut Gustave Roussy in Paris, France. She is also co-Director of the Melanoma
Research Unit at INSERM 981 Paris-Sud University. Prof. Robert is the former Chair of the Melanoma group of the European Organization
for the Research and Treatment of Cancer (EORTC), and is currently a Board member of the European Association of Onco-Dermatology (EADO),
the European Society of Medical Oncology (ESMO), the European Association of Dermato-Venereology (EADV) the French Society of Dermatology
and Venereology (SFD), the American Society of Oncology (ASCO) and the American Association of Clinical Research (AACR). 

Prof. Amos Toren (MD) 

Prof. Amos Toren is the Director of Pediatric
Hemato-Oncology and BMT Department at the Sheba Medical Center since 2001 and a Professor in the division of Hematology, Sackler School
of Medicine Tel-Aviv University. Prof. Toren is a specialist in Pediatrics, General Hematology and Pediatric Hemato-Oncology. He also
has a PhD degree in genetics and qualified as a Master of Health Administration (MHA) at the Recannati Business School, Tel-Aviv University.
Professor Toren runs numerous clinical studies, investigator initiated, company initiated, unicenter as well as multicenter. Prof. Amos
Toren is the Director of Pediatric Hemato- Oncology and BMT department at the Sheba Medical Center since 2001 and a Professor in the division
of Hematology, Sackler school of medicine tel-aviv university. 

Prof. Zamir Halpern (MD) 

Prof. Halpern, is a senior physician at the Gastroenterology
Institute of the Sourasky Medical Center in Tel-Aviv, Israel, and current Chairman of the National Gastro Nutrition and Liver Diseases
Council at the Israeli Ministry of Health. He has also served as Chairman of the Israeli Association of the Study of Liver, Chairman of
the Israeli Gastroenterology Association and Chairman of the National Council for Food and Agriculture. Prof. Halpern, Senior Physician
at the Gastroenterology institute in the Sourasky Medical Center in Tel-Aviv, Israel. 

Prof. Noam Shomron (Ph.D.) 

Professor Noam Shomron is passionate about using
basic science to advance better healthcare. Professor Shomron heads the Functional Genomic Team at the Faculty of Medicine at Tel Aviv
University, after training at MIT. Dr. Shomron leads a multidisciplinary team of scientists which develops computational methods for parsing
big data in the bio-medical field using Artificial Intelligence. Shomron has over 30 patents and has published nearly 200 peer-reviewed
publications on multiple genomic fields including medicine, agriculture, and business. 

15 

Dr. Sigal Tavor (MD) 

Dr. Tavor currently serves as a Senior Physician
at the Hemato Oncology Institute, Assuta Medical Center, Tel-Aviv, Israel. Dr. Tavor currently conducts gene Therapy research at the Weizmann
Institute, Israel. Dr. Tavor is the former Acting Head of tthe Leukemia Unit, Department of Hematology and Bone Marrow Transplantation,
Sourasky Medical Center, Tel Aviv. Dr. Tavor has two postdoctoral fellowships, at the Department of Hematology and Oncology, University
of California Los Angeles, CA, and at the Department of Immunology, Weizmann Institute, Israel. Dr. Tavor has published extensively on
Leukemia in peer reviewed journals and is a member of the Israel Society of Hematology and Blood Transfusion, the European Hematology
Association (EHA), the American Society of Hematology (ASH), and the European Leukemia Network (ELN). 

Dr. Yonina Tova (MD) 

Dr. Yonina Tova (MD) is an internationally
recognized Radiation Oncologist, certified by the American Board of Radiology (ABR), and currently serves as Director of the Radiotherapy
Institute at Ziv Hospital in Israel. Dr. Tova obtained her Medical Degree from the College of Medicine, University of Illinoi, Chicago,
in 1986, and specializes in treating cancer with radiation, using radiation therapy to treat a wide variety of cancers. 

Dr. Erez Scapa (MD) 

Dr. Scapa earned his M.D. in 2000 at the Technion
Institute of Technology in Haifa, Israel, cum laude. He later held a Research Fellowship in Hepatology at the Brigham and Women's Hospital,
Harvard University, Boston, Massachusetts, as well as a fellowship in Endoscopic Submucosal Dissection at the NTT Medical Center in Tokyo,
Japan. He is an expert in invasive endoscopy and has extensive experience in preforming colonoscopies and gastroscopies. He is proficient
in both diagnostic as well as invasive endoscopic ultrasound and has served as the head of the Endoscopic Submucosal Dissection program
in Tel-Aviv Sourasky Medical Center since 2019. Dr. Scapa is a Senior Physician at the Gastroenterology institute in the Sourasky Medical
Center in Tel-Aviv, Israel, who completed a Research Fellowship in Hepatology at the Brigham and Women s Hospital, Harvard University. 

Dr. Ilan Hochman, VP R D 

Dr. Hochman holds a PhD in cancer Immunology from
the Sackler School of Medicine, Tel Aviv University. Dr. Hochman brings more than 20 years of experience in versatile R D leadership
and management positions in Innovative biotechnology and startup companies. 

Dr. Lior Eshdat, VP IP 

Dr. Eshdat holds a Ph.D. in organic chemistry
and brings over 14 years of experience in intellectual property practice. Before he became an Israeli Patent Attorney Dr. Eshdat held
a post-doctoral research fellowship at the University of Boulder and was a senior chemist in Dynamic Organic Light which developed OLED
display technologies in Colorado. 

Dr. Dana Ben-Ami Shor (MD) 

Dr. Ben-Ami Shor is a recognized expert in invasive
endoscopy and gastroenterology in the Sourasky Medical Center in Tel-Aviv, Israel. Dr. Ben-Ami Shor earned her M.D in 2009, graduating
cum laude from the Sackler Faculty of Medicine, Tel Aviv University. She specialized in internal medicine and gastroenterology at the
Sheba Medical Center, Israel. She also successfully completed an advanced endoscopy (ASGE) accredited fellowship within the Center for
Interventional Endoscopy at AdventHealth, in Florida. Additionally, Dr. Ben-Ami Shor is proficient in both diagnostic and therapeutic
endoscopic ultrasound (EUS), and endoscopic retrograde cholangiopancreatography (ERCP). Dr. Ben-Ami Shor is a recognized expert in invasive
endoscopy and gastroenterology in the Sourasky Medical Center in Tel-Aviv, Israel. 

16 

Dr. Sigalit Arieli Portnoy (Ph.D.) 

A Senior Advisor in the field of Regulation,
Validation and Quality. Dr. Sigalit Ariely-Portnoy has over 17 years experience in the pharmaceutical industry. During this time,
she has managed pharmaceutical and chemical plants at Taro pharmaceutical industries Ltd as Operation Group Vice president and in Teva
Pharmaceutical industries Ltd as Kfar-Saba OSD plant manager. Dr. Ariely-Portnoy managed Teva's largest plant worldwide (9 billion tablets
per annum and more than 2B revenues). During her career, she led more than 50 inspections by the US FDA, EMEA, Israeli MOH, and others.
Dr. Ariely-Portnoy spearheaded the construction of a 200,000 sq ft pharmaceutical plant, several chemical plants and bio-warehouses,
as well as many significant plant expansions for manufacturers of semisolids, liquids and oral solid dosage forms. Between the years
2003-2006, Dr. Ariely-Portnoy was the president of the Israel chapter of the PDA (Parenteral Drug Association). For the last 5 years,
Dr. Ariely-Portnoy manages Gsap, a company which consults pharmaceutical, medical device and biotechnology companies in several major
fields, including innovative product development, regulation, establishing quality systems and validation services. Dr. Ariely-Portnoy
received her B.Sc., M.Sc., and D.Sc. from the Technion Institute of Technology in Haifa, Israel, in the fields of Chemical Engineering
and Biomedical Engineering. Dr. Sigalit Ariely-Portnoy has vast experience in the pharmaceutical industry and managed pharmaceutical
and chemical plants at Taro Pharmaceutical Industries LTD as Operation Group Vice President and in Teva Pharmaceutical industries LTD
as OSD plant manager. 

6. Competition 

The biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries
are characterized by rapidly advancing technologies, intense competition and a strong emphasis on proprietary products. We believe that
our scientific knowledge, experience, technology and development capabilities provide us with competitive advantages, but we face competition
from many different sources, including major pharmaceutical, specialty pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, academic institutions,
governmental agencies and public and private research institutions. Many of our current and potential competitors have longer operating
histories and substantially greater financial, scientific, technical, intellectual property, regulatory and human resources than we have,
as well as greater experience in developing and commercializing products, including obtaining FDA and other regulatory approvals. 

As the medical use of cannabis increasingly receives
government approval worldwide, we face growing competition from many new and existing companies seeking to develop cannabinoid-based therapies.
Companies currently known to be developing cannabinoid-based human therapeutics include GW Pharmaceuticals PLC, Cannabis Science Inc.,
InMed Pharmaceuticals Inc., Emerald Bioscience Inc., Corbus Pharmaceuticals Holdings Inc., Zynerba Pharmaceuticals Inc., PharmaCyte Biotech, Inc.,
Tetra Bio-Pharma Inc,. and Cure Pharmaceutical Holding Corp. 

Many of our competitors are conducting research
targeting the same technologies, applications, and markets as we are. Consequently, they may develop products for the same indications
we are pursuing or may pursue in the future that are more effective, better tolerated, more widely-prescribed or accepted, more useful,
and less costly. Any products that we successfully develop and commercialize will compete with existing products, as well as those currently
in development or that may become available in the future. 

In addition to competing for market position,
we will also compete in terms of recruiting and retaining qualified personnel, acquiring intellectual property, establishing clinical
trial sites, and enrolling patients for clinical trials and in obtaining funding. 

Given the rapid changes affecting the global,
national, and regional economies in general and cannabis-related medical research and development in particular, we may not be able to
create and maintain a competitive advantage in the marketplace. Time-to-market is a critical factor in our industry and our success will
depend on our ability to timely develop innovative technologies that will be accepted by patients. Our competitors may be better able
to react to market changes, respond more rapidly to new regulations, or allocate greater resources to the development of their products
than we can, which may result in our technologies and products becoming obsolete before we are able to enter the market, recover the
expenses incurred to develop them, or generate significant revenue. Our success will depend, in part, upon our ability to develop our
product candidates in a timely manner, keep our future products current with advancing technologies, achieve market acceptance of our
future products, gain name recognition and a positive reputation in the healthcare industry, and establish successful marketing, sales,
and distribution efforts. We cannot be certain that we will be able to compete against current or future competitors or that competitive
pressure will not seriously harm our business prospects. 

17 

7. Competitive Factors 

The Pharmaceutical industry is highly competitive
and we will be competing with many other and better financed companies. We are an early-stage pharmaceutical company, with relatively
deminimis cash flow. We compete with other early stage bio-tech and pharmaceutical companies for financing from a limited number of investors
that are prepared to make investments in early stage development companies. The presence of competing early-stage pharmaceutical companies
may impact on our ability to raise additional capital in order to fund our research and development if investors are of the view that
investments in competitors are more attractive based on their subjective analysis of our company, the general market conditions and the
price of the investment offered to investors. 

8. Regulations 

Cannabics Pharmaceuticals Inc. is purely a Bio-Technology
Pharmaceutical company which licenses use of its Intellectual Property, it does not produce, manufacture or provide any product in any
location. We are duly licensed by the Israeli Health Ministry for our research in Israel. Beyond the Israeli Health Ministry (by whom
we are licensed) and the FDA regulatory pathway for our drug candidates as described above, we are not under the aegis of any Federal
or State regulatory scheme as we have no manufacturing activity. Any licensee whom we engage must be duly licensed and certified according
to all pertinent local government regulations in their jurisdiction. The Company is exploring drug development within approved laboratory
clinical trial settings conducted within approved regulatory frameworks. Should any prescription drug product be developed by the Company,
such drug product will not be commercialized prior to receipt of applicable regulatory approval, which will only be granted if clinical
evidence of safety and efficacy for the intended use(s) is successfully developed. 

United States 

In the U.S., the FDA and other federal, state,
local and foreign regulatory agencies impose substantial requirements upon the clinical development, approval, labeling, manufacture,
marketing and distribution of drug products. These agencies regulate, among other things, research and development activities and the
testing, approval, manufacture, quality control, safety, effectiveness, labeling, storage, record keeping, advertising and promotion of
any prescription drug product candidates or commercial products. The regulatory approval process is generally lengthy and expensive, with
no guarantee of a positive result. Moreover, failure to comply with applicable FDA or other requirements may result in civil or criminal
penalties, recall or seizure of products, injunctive relief including partial or total suspension of production, or withdrawal of a product
from the market. 

Cannabis (other than hemp) is strictly controlled
under the Controlled Substances Act (21 U.S.C. 811) (the CSA as a Schedule I substance. Schedule I substances
by definition have no currently accepted medical use in the United States, a lack of accepted safety for use under medical supervision,
and a high potential for abuse. Schedule I and II drugs are subject to the strictest controls under the CSA, including manufacturing
and procurement quotas, security requirements and criteria for importation. Anyone wishing to conduct research on substances listed in
Schedule I under the CSA must register with the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration (the DEA ), and obtain DEA approval
of the research proposal. For any product containing cannabis to be available for commercial marketing in the United States, cannabis
must be rescheduled, or the product itself must be scheduled, by the DEA to Schedule II, III, IV or V. Scheduling determinations by the
DEA are dependent on FDA approval of a substance or a specific formulation of a substance. 

The process required before a prescription drug product candidate may
be marketed in the United States generally involves: 

completion of extensive non-clinical laboratory tests, animal studies and formulation studies, all performed in accordance with the
FDA s Good Laboratory, Good Clinical and/or Manufacturing Practice regulations; 
 
 submission to the FDA of an IND, which must become effective before human clinical trials may begin; 
 
 approval by an institutional review board or independent ethics committee at each clinical trial site before each trial may be initiated; 
 
 for some products, performance of adequate and well-controlled human clinical trials in accordance with the FDA s regulations,
including Good Clinical Practices, to establish the safety and efficacy of the prescription drug product candidate for each proposed indication; 
 
 submission to the FDA of a New Drug Application NDA ); 
 
 Satisfactory completion of one or more FDA pre-approval inspections of the manufacturing facility or facilities where the drug will
be produced to assess compliance with cGMP requirements to assure that the facilities, methods and controls are adequate to preserve the
drug s identity, strength, quality, and purity; and 
 
 FDA review and approval of the NDA prior to any commercial marketing, sale or shipment of the drug. 

18 

The testing and approval process requires substantial
time, effort and financial resources, and the Company cannot be certain that any approvals for its prescription drug product candidates
will be granted on a timely basis, if at all. 

Non-clinical tests include laboratory evaluations
of product chemistry, formulation and stability, as well as studies to evaluate toxicity in animals and other animal studies. The results
of non-clinical tests, together with manufacturing information and analytical data, are submitted as part of an IND to the FDA. Some non-clinical
testing may continue even after an IND is submitted. The IND also includes one or more protocols for the initial clinical trial or trials
and an investigator s brochure. An IND automatically becomes effective 30 days after receipt by the FDA, unless the FDA, within
the 30-day time period, raises concerns or questions relating to the proposed clinical trials as outlined in the IND and places the clinical
trial on a clinical hold. In such cases, the IND sponsor and the FDA must resolve any outstanding concerns or questions before any clinical
trials can begin. Clinical trial holds also may be imposed at any time before or during studies due to safety concerns or non-compliance
with regulatory requirements. 

An independent institutional review board,
at each of the clinical centers proposing to conduct the clinical trial, must review and approve the plan for any clinical trial
before it commences at that center. An independent institutional review board considers, among other things, whether the risks to
individuals participating in the trials are minimized and are reasonable in relation to anticipated benefits. The independent
institutional review board also approves the consent form signed by the trial participants and must monitor the study until
completed. The FDA, the independent institutional review board, or the sponsor may suspend or discontinue a clinical trial at any
time on various grounds, including a finding that the subjects are being exposed to an unacceptable health risk. There also are
requirements governing the reporting of ongoing clinical trials and completed clinical trials to public registries. 

Clinical trials to support NDAs for marketing
approval are typically conducted in three sequential phases, but the phases may overlap. In general in Phase 1, the initial introduction
of the drug into healthy human subjects or patients, the drug is tested to assess metabolism, pharmacokinetics, pharmacological actions,
side effects associated with increasing doses and, if possible, early evidence on effectiveness. Phase 2 usually involves trials
in a limited patient population to determine the effectiveness of the drug for a particular indication, dosage tolerance and optimum dosage,
and to identify common adverse effects and safety risks. If a compound demonstrates evidence of effectiveness and an acceptable safety
profile in Phase 2 evaluations, Phase 3 trials are undertaken to obtain the additional information about clinical efficacy and
safety in a larger number of patients, typically at geographically dispersed clinical trial sites, to permit the FDA to evaluate the overall
benefit-risk relationship of the drug and to provide adequate information for the labeling of the drug. In most cases, the FDA requires
two adequate and well-controlled Phase 3 clinical trials to demonstrate the efficacy of the drug. The FDA may, however, determine
that a drug is effective based on one clinical study plus confirmatory evidence. Only a small percentage of investigational drugs
complete all three phases and obtain marketing approval. In some cases, the FDA may require post-market studies, known as Phase 4
studies, to be conducted as a condition of approval in order to gather additional information on the drug s effect in various populations
and any side effects associated with long-term use. Depending on the risks posed by the drugs, other post-market requirements may be imposed. 

After completion of the required clinical testing,
an NDA is prepared and submitted to the FDA. The FDA approval of the NDA is required before marketing of the product may begin in the
U.S. The NDA must include the results of all pre-clinical, clinical, and other testing and a compilation of data relating to the product s
pharmacology, chemistry, manufacture, and controls. The cost of preparing and submitting an NDA is substantial. 

The FDA has 60 days from its receipt of an
NDA to determine whether the application will be accepted for filing based on the agency s threshold determination that it is sufficiently
complete to permit substantive review. Once the submission is accepted for filing, the FDA begins an in-depth review. Under the statute
and implementing regulations, the FDA has 180 days (the initial review cycle) from the date of filing to issue either an approval
letter or a complete response letter, unless the review period is adjusted by mutual agreement between the FDA and the applicant
or as a result of the applicant submitting a major amendment. In practice, the performance goals established pursuant to the Prescription
Drug User Fee Act have effectively extended the initial review cycle beyond 180 days. The FDA s current performance
goals call for the FDA to complete review of 90 percent of standard (non-priority) NDAs within 10 months of receipt
and within six months for priority NDAs, but two additional months are added to standard and priority NDAs for a new molecular
entity, or NME. 

The FDA may also refer applications for novel
drug products, or drug products that present difficult questions of safety or efficacy, to an advisory committee, which is typically a
panel that includes clinicians and other experts, for review, evaluation and a recommendation as to whether the application should be
approved. The FDA is not bound by the recommendation of an advisory committee, but it generally follows such recommendations. Before approving
an NDA, the FDA will typically inspect one or more clinical sites to assure compliance with GCP. Additionally, the FDA will inspect the
facility or the facilities at which the drug is manufactured. The FDA will not approve the product unless compliance with current GMP
is satisfactory and the NDA contains data that provide substantial evidence that the drug is safe and effective in the indication studied. 

19 

After the FDA evaluates the NDA and the manufacturing
facilities, it issues either a n approval letter or a complete response letter. A complete response letter generally outlines the deficiencies
in the submission and may require substantial additional testing, or information, in order for the FDA to reconsider the application.
If, or when, those deficiencies have been addressed to the FDA s satisfaction in a resubmission of the NDA, the FDA will issue
an approval letter. The FDA has committed to reviewing 90 percent of resubmissions within two to six months depending on the type
of information included. 

An approval letter authorizes commercial marketing
of the drug with specific prescribing information for specific indications. As a condition of NDA approval, the FDA may require a risk
evaluation and mitigation strategy, or REMS, to help ensure that the benefits of the drug outweigh the potential risks. REMS can include
medication guides, communication plans for health care professionals, and elements to assure safe use, or ETASU. ETASU can include, but
are not limited to, special training or certification for prescribing or dispensing, dispensing only under certain circumstances, special
monitoring, and the use of patient registries. The requirement for a REMS can materially affect the potential market and profitability
of the drug. Moreover, product approval may require substantial post-approval testing and surveillance to monitor the drug s safety
or efficacy. Once granted, product approvals may be withdrawn if compliance with regulatory standards is not maintained or problems are
identified following initial marketing. 

The FDA offers a number of regulatory mechanisms
that provide expedited or accelerated approval procedures for selected drugs and indications which are designed to address unmet medical
needs in the treatment of serious or life-threatening diseases or conditions. These include programs such as Breakthrough Therapy designations,
Fast Track designations, Priority Review and Accelerated Approval, which the Company may need to rely upon in order to receive timely
approval or to be competitive. 

The Company may plan to seek orphan drug designation
for certain indications qualified for such designation. Under the Orphan Drug Act, the FDA may grant orphan drug designation to drugs
intended to treat a rare disease or condition, which, in the U.S., is generally a disease or condition that affects fewer
than 200,000 individuals in the United States, or 200,000 or more individuals in the United States and for which there is no reasonable
expectation that the cost of developing and making a drug available in the United States for this type of disease or condition will be
recovered from sales of the product. Orphan drug designation must be requested before submitting an NDA. If a product that has an orphan
drug designation subsequently receives the first regulatory approval for the indication for which it has such designation, the product
is entitled to orphan exclusivity, meaning that the applicable regulatory authority may not approve any other applications to market the
same drug for the same indication, except in very limited circumstances, for a period of seven years in the U.S. Orphan drug designation
does not prevent competitors from developing or marketing different drugs for the same indication or the same drug for different indications.
After orphan drug designation is granted, the identity of the therapeutic agent and its potential orphan use are publicly disclosed. Orphan
drug designation does not convey an advantage in, or shorten the duration of, the development, review and approval process. However, this
designation provides an exemption from marketing and authorization fees. 

Drugs manufactured or distributed pursuant to
FDA approvals are subject to continuing regulation by the FDA, including, among other things, requirements relating to recordkeeping,
periodic reporting, product sampling and distribution, reporting of adverse experiences with the product, and complying with promotion
and advertising requirements. The FDA may impose a number of post-approval requirements as a condition of approval of an NDA. For example,
the FDA may require post-market testing, including phase IV clinical trials, and surveillance to further assess and monitor the product s
safety and effectiveness after commercialization. In addition, drug manufacturers and their subcontractors involved in the manufacture
and distribution of approved drugs are required to register their establishments with the FDA and certain state agencies and are subject
to periodic unannounced inspections by the FDA and certain state agencies for compliance with ongoing regulatory requirements, including
current Good Manufacturing Practices, which impose certain procedural and documentation requirements. Failure to comply with statutory
and regulatory requirements may subject a manufacturer to legal or regulatory action, such as warning letters, suspension of manufacturing,
product seizures, injunctions, civil penalties or criminal prosecution. There is also a continuing, annual prescription drug product program
user fee. 

The FDA may withdraw approval if compliance with
regulatory requirements and standards is not maintained or if problems occur after the product reaches the market. Later discovery of
previously unknown problems with a product, including adverse events of unanticipated severity or frequency, or with manufacturing processes,
or failure to comply with regulatory requirements, may result in revisions to the approved labeling to add new safety information, requirements
for post-market studies or clinical trials to assess new safety risks, or imposition of distribution or other restrictions under a risk
evaluation and mitigation strategy. 

20 

Controlled Substances 

The CSA and its implementing regulations establish
a closed system of regulations for controlled substances. The CSA imposes registration, security, recordkeeping and reporting,
storage, manufacturing, distribution, importation and other requirements under the oversight of the DEA. The DEA is responsible for regulating
controlled substances, and requires those individuals or entities that manufacture, import, export, distribute, research, or dispense
controlled substances to comply with the regulatory requirements in order to prevent the diversion of controlled substances to illicit
channels of commerce. 

Facilities that manufacture, distribute, import
or export any controlled substance must register annually with the DEA. The DEA registration is specific to the particular location, activity(ies)
and controlled substance schedule(s). For example, separate registrations are needed for import and manufacturing, and each registration
will specify which schedules of controlled substances are authorized. 

The DEA inspects all manufacturing facilities
to review security, recordkeeping, reporting and handling prior to issuing a controlled substance registration. The specific security
requirements vary by the type of business activity and the schedule and quantity of controlled substances handled. The most stringent
requirements apply to manufacturers of Schedule I and Schedule II substances. Required security measures commonly include background checks
on employees and physical control of controlled substances through storage in approved vaults, safes and cages, and through use of alarm
systems and surveillance cameras. Once registered, manufacturing facilities must maintain records documenting the manufacture, receipt
and distribution of all controlled substances. Manufacturers must submit periodic reports to the DEA of the distribution of Schedule I
and II controlled substances, Schedule III narcotic substances, and other designated substances. Registrants must also report any controlled
substance thefts or significant losses, and must obtain authorization to destroy or dispose of controlled substances. Imports of Schedule
I and II controlled substances for commercial purposes are generally restricted to substances not already available from a domestic supplier
or where there is not adequate competition among domestic suppliers. In addition to an importer or exporter registration, importers and
exporters must obtain a permit for every import or export of a Schedule I and II substance or Schedule III, IV and V narcotic, and submit
import or export declarations for Schedule III, IV and V non-narcotics. 

For drugs manufactured in the United States, the
DEA establishes annually an aggregate quota for the amount of substances within Schedules I and II that may be manufactured or produced
in the United States based on the DEA s estimate of the quantity needed to meet legitimate medical, scientific, research and industrial
needs. The quotas apply equally to the manufacturing of the active pharmaceutical ingredient and production of dosage forms. The DEA may
adjust aggregate production quotas a few times per year, and individual manufacturing or procurement quotas from time to time during the
year, although the DEA has substantial discretion in whether or not to make such adjustments for individual companies. 

Individual U.S. states also establish and maintain
separate controlled substance laws and regulations, including licensing, recordkeeping, security, distribution, and dispensing requirements.
State authorities, including boards of pharmacy, regulate use of controlled substances in each state. Failure to maintain compliance with
applicable requirements, particularly as manifested in the loss or diversion of controlled substances, can result in enforcement action
that could have a material adverse effect on the Company s business, operations and financial condition. The DEA may seek civil
penalties, refuse to renew necessary registrations, or initiate proceedings to revoke those registrations. In certain circumstances, violations
could lead to criminal prosecution. 

9. Employees 

As of August 31, 2021, the Company had ten employees,
two of which were our Directors Gabriel Yariv and Eyal Barad, which along with our counsel and CFO were given monthly salaries. Aside
from counsel, all employees reside in Israel. 

Israeli labor laws principally govern the length
of the workday, minimum wages for employees, procedures for hiring and dismissing employees, determination of severance pay, annual leave,
sick days, advance notice of termination of employment, equal opportunity and anti-discrimination laws and other conditions of employment.
Subject to certain exceptions, Israeli law generally requires severance pay upon the retirement, death or dismissal of an employee, and
requires us and our employees to make payments to the National Insurance Institute, which is similar to the U.S. Social Security Administration.
Our employees have defined benefit pension plans that comply with applicable Israeli legal requirements, which also include the mandatory
pension payments required by applicable law and allocations for severance pay. 

21 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 

Risk Factors 

You should consider carefully the risks and
uncertainties described below, together with all of the other information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. If any of the following
risks are realized, our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects could be materially and adversely affected.
The risks described below are not the only risks facing the Company. Risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently
deem to be immaterial also may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

Risks Related to Our Company and Business 

Our independent auditors have expressed substantial
doubt about our ability to continue operating as a going concern, which could prevent us from obtaining new financing on reasonable terms
or at all. 

Our independent registered public accountants
have expressed substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. This opinion could materially limit our ability to
raise additional funds by issuing new debt or equity securities or otherwise. If we fail to raise sufficient capital when needed, we will
not be able to complete our proposed business. As a result we may have to liquidate our business and investors may lose their investments.
Our ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon our ability to successfully accomplish our plan of operations described in
this filing, obtain financing and eventually attain profitable operations. Investors should consider our independent registered public
accountant s comments when deciding whether to invest in the Company. 

22 

We have not generated any significant revenue
since our inception and we may never achieve profitability. 

We are an early-stage biotechnology company and
have not generated any significant revenue since we commenced our present operations in April 2014. At the present time, Cannabics SR
is the only product that we have commercialized. To date, we have financed our operations primarily through private placements of common
stock, warrants, and direct equity investments. As we continue our research and development of cannabinoid-based diagnostics, our expenses
are expected to increase significantly. Accordingly, we will need to generate significant revenue to achieve profitability. Even as we
begin to commercialize our technologies, we expect our losses to continue as a result of ongoing research and development expenses. These
losses, among other things, have had and will continue to have an adverse effect on our working capital, total assets and stockholders 
equity. Because of the numerous risks and uncertainties associated with product development and commercialization efforts, we are unable
to predict at what stage the Company will become profitable. We may never become profitable. Even if we do achieve profitability, we may
not be able to sustain or increase profitability on a quarterly or annual basis. If we are unable to achieve and then maintain profitability,
our business, financial condition and results of operations will be negatively affected, and the market value of our common stock will
decline. 

Since we have a limited operating history
in our business, it is difficult for potential investors to evaluate our business. 

We commenced operations as a biotechnology company
in April 2014, and therefore have a relatively short operating history upon which an evaluation of our future success or failure can objectively
be made. Our business is a highly speculative undertaking and involves a substantial degree of risk. We have not demonstrated an ability
to successfully overcome many of the risks and uncertainties frequently encountered by early-stage companies in new and rapidly evolving
competitive fields, including under-capitalization, cash shortages, limitations with respect to personnel, financial, and other resources
and lack of revenue. The likelihood of our success must be considered in light of the early stage of our operations. There is no assurance
that our business will ever be successful or that we will be able to attain profitability. Any failure by the Company to report profits
may adversely affect the price of our common stock. 

We will need to raise additional capital to
meet our business requirements in the future, which may be costly or difficult to obtain and could dilute our stockholders ownership
interests. 

The Company has not yet generated significant
revenue and will require additional capital to continue its research and development activities, conduct clinical trials, commercialize
its products and otherwise fund its operations. Our ability to secure required financing will depend in part upon investor perception
of our ability to create a successful business. Capital market conditions and other factors beyond our control may also play important
roles in our ability to raise capital. There can be no assurance that debt or equity financing will be available or sufficient for our
requirements or for other corporate purposes, or if debt or equity financing is available, that it will be on terms acceptable to us.
Moreover, future activities may require us to alter our capitalization significantly. Our inability to access sufficient capital for our
operations could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and prospects. If we are unable to obtain
additional funding as needed, we may be required to reduce the scope of our research and development activities, which could harm our
business plan, financial condition and operating results, or we may be required to cease our operations entirely, in which case, our investors
will lose all of their investment. 

Any additional capital raised through the sale
of equity or equity-backed securities may dilute our stockholders ownership percentages and could also result in a decrease in
the market value of our equity securities. The terms of any securities issued by us in future capital transactions may be more favorable
to new investors, and may include preferences, superior voting rights and the issuance of warrants or other derivative securities, which
may have a further dilutive effect on the holders of our securities then outstanding. Any debt financing secured in the future could involve
restrictive covenants relating to capital raising activities and other financial and operational matters, which may make it more difficult
for us to obtain additional capital and to pursue business opportunities. 

In addition, we may incur substantial costs in
pursuing future capital financing, including investment banking fees, legal fees, accounting fees, securities law compliance fees, printing
and distribution expenses and other costs. We may also be required to recognize non-cash expenses in connection with certain securities
we issue, such as convertible notes and warrants, which may have an adverse impact on our financial condition. 

23 

We are highly dependent on the success of
cannabinoid technology, and we may not be able to develop the technology, successfully obtain regulatory or marketing approval for, or
successfully commercialize, our products or product candidates. 

Our business is focused entirely upon the research,
development and commercialization of cannabinoid-based technologies for the detection and treatment of cancer. Our success is dependent
upon the viability of this technology and the development of cancer diagnostics and therapies. 

We have not received regulatory approval from the FDA to market any diagnostics or
therapeutics based on botanical cannabinoids. The FDA has approved Epidiolex (CBD) oral solution for the treatment of seizures associated
with two rare and severe forms of epilepsy, Lennox-Gastaut syndrome and Dravet syndrome, in patients two years of age and older. This
is the first FDA-approved drug that contains a purified drug substance derived from cannabis. The FDA has also approved two drugs that
contain a synthetic substance that acts similarly to cannabis compounds but is not present in the cannabis plant. 

The scientific evidence underlying the feasibility
of developing cannabinoid-based technologies for the detection and treatment of cancer is both preliminary and limited. In 2017, an ad
hoc committee of the National Academies of Sciences, Engineering, and Medicine determined that while there is conclusive or substantial
evidence that oral cannabinoids are effective antiemetics in the treatment of chemotherapy-induced nausea and vomiting, there was insufficient
evidence to make any statement about the efficacy of cannabinoids as a treatment for cancer. The ad hoc committee went on to state
that further clinical research into the anti-cancer effects of cannabinoids needs to be conducted. 

If our cannabinoid technology is found to be ineffective
or unsafe in humans, or if it never receives regulatory approval for commercialization, we may never be able bring our product candidates
to market and may never become profitable. Further, our current business strategy, including all of our research and development, is focused
on utilizing cannabinoid technology to detect and treat cancer. This lack of diversification increases the risk associated with the ownership
of our common stock. If we are unsuccessful in developing and commercializing our cannabinoid-based technology and its application to
the detection and treatment of cancer, we may be required to alter our scope and direction and steer away from the intellectual property
we have developed as well as the core capabilities of our management team and advisory board. Without successful commercialization of
our products and product candidates, we may never become profitable, which would have a material adverse effect on our business, results
of operations and financial condition. 

Our success depends upon our ability to retain
our senior management and our ability to attract, retain and motivate other qualified personnel. 

We are an early stage biotechnology company. As
of August 30, 2020, we had five employees and several key consultants. Our success materially depends upon the efforts of our management
and other key personnel, including but not limited to Dr. Eyal Ballan, our Chief Technology Officer and a Director. If we lose the services
of Dr. Ballan or any other executive officers or significant employees, our business would likely be materially and adversely affected.
At this time, we do not currently have key man life insurance for Dr. Ballan or any other executive officer. 

Because of the specialized scientific and managerial
nature of our business, we rely heavily on our ability to attract and retain qualified scientific, technical and managerial personnel.
The competition for qualified personnel in the biotechnology industry is intense. Due to this intense competition, we may be unable to
continue to attract and retain qualified personnel necessary for the development of our business or to recruit suitable replacement personnel.
Any difficulties in obtaining and retaining qualified officers, employees and consultants could have a material adverse effect on our
operations. 

The relative lack of public company experience
by our management team may put us at a competitive disadvantage. 

As a company with a class of securities registered
under the United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), we are subject to reporting and
other legal, accounting, corporate governance, and regulatory requirements imposed by the Exchange Act and rules and regulations promulgated
under the Exchange Act. With the exception of our CFO, Uri Ben-Or, our management team lacks significant public company experience, which
could impair our ability to comply with these legal, accounting, and regulatory requirements. Such responsibilities include complying
with securities laws and making required disclosures on a timely basis. Our senior management may not be able to implement and effect
programs and policies in an effective and timely manner that adequately respond to such increased legal and regulatory compliance and
reporting requirements. Our failure to do so could lead to the imposition of fines and penalties and further result in the deterioration
of our business. 

24 

If we are unable to enter into acceptable
sales, marketing and distribution arrangements with third parties or establish sales, marketing and distribution capabilities, we may
not be successful in commercializing any product candidate that we develop if and when a product candidate is approved. 

We do not have any sales, marketing or distribution
infrastructure and have no experience in the commercialization of biotechnology. To achieve commercial success for any product, we must
develop a sales and marketing organization, outsource these functions to third parties or license our products to others. 

In the United States, we intend to only commercialize
our products by licensing them to organizations having greater resources and experience than we do. While we have already licensed our
Cannabics SR medical cannabis capsules in Colorado to Mountain High Products LLC, and in states outside of Colorado to the Cima Group
LLC, there can be no assurance that such licensing efforts will be successful, or that we will be able to license any future products
on satisfactory terms, or at all. We do not presently have any other agreement or arrangement for the commercialization of our products
in the United States or elsewhere. 

While we generally intend to adopt a licensing
model for the commercialization of our products, we may also seek one or more strategic partners for commercialization of our products
outside the United States. As a result of entering into arrangements with third parties to perform sales, marketing and distribution services,
our product revenue or the profitability of our product revenue may be lower, perhaps substantially lower, than if we were to directly
market and sell products in those markets. Furthermore, we may be unsuccessful in entering into the necessary arrangements with third
parties or may be unable to do so on terms that are favorable to us. In addition, we may have little or no control over such third parties
and any of them may fail to devote the necessary resources and attention to sell and market our product candidates effectively. 

If we do not license our products or outsource
our commercialization efforts, we will be required to develop our own sales, marketing and distribution capabilities, which will require
substantial resources and will be time-consuming, and could delay any product launch. Moreover, we may not be able to hire or retain a
sales force that is sufficient in size or has adequate expertise in the consumer health markets that we plan to target. If we are unable
to establish or retain a sales force and marketing and distribution capabilities, our operating results may be adversely affected. 

If we do not successfully license our products
or establish sales and marketing capabilities, either on our own or in collaboration with third parties, it is likely that we will be
unable to commercialize any of our products. 

We face intense competition, often from companies
with greater resources and experience than we have, which may result in others developing or commercializing competing products before
us or more successfully. 

The market for cancer diagnostics and therapies
is intensely competitive, subject to rapid change and significantly affected by new product introductions and other market activities
of industry participants. Our competitors include large multinational corporations and their operating units, including Abbott Laboratories
Inc., Cepheid Inc., Philips, GE Healthcare, Siemens, Gen-Probe Incorporated, MDxHealth SA, EpiGenomics AG, Roche Diagnostics, Exact Sciences
Corporation, Sequenom, Inc. and several others. We also compete against pharmaceutical companies, specialty pharmaceutical companies and
biotechnology companies worldwide, as well as smaller and other early-stage companies. Other potential competitors include academic institutions,
government agencies and other public and private research organizations that conduct research, seek patent protection and establish collaborative
arrangements for research, development, manufacturing and commercialization. 

Many of our competitors and potential competitors
have or will have substantially greater financial, technological, managerial and research and development resources and experience than
we have, and many have been engaged in the biotechnology industry for a much longer time than we have. Many of our competitors spend significantly
more funds on research, development, promotion and sale of new and existing products than we do, and may therefore be able to react more
quickly to new or emerging technologies, shifting market conditions and regulatory changes. 

25 

There can be no assurance that any of our
current or future products and technologies will have a competitive advantage in the marketplace, or that they will remain competitive
following the introduction of competing products or technologies. Our commercial opportunity could be reduced or eliminated if our competitors
develop and commercialize products that are safer, more effective, more convenient or less expensive. There can be no assurance that we
will be successful in the face of increasing competition from new technologies or products introduced by existing companies in the industry
or by new companies entering the market. 

If we are unable to compete successfully,
there may be a material and adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

If the marketplace does not accept the products
in our development pipeline or any other diagnostic products we might develop, we may be unable to generate sufficient revenue to sustain
and grow our business. 

Even if we are able to successfully develop and
obtain regulatory approval of a product candidate, our ability to generate significant revenue will depend on the acceptance of our products
by physicians and patients. Physicians, hospitals, clinical laboratories, researchers or others in the healthcare industry may not use
our current or future diagnostic product candidates unless they are determined to be an effective and cost-efficient means of detecting
and diagnosing cancer. Market acceptance of our current or future therapeutic products will depend on a number of factors, including
the indication statement and warnings approved by regulatory authorities in the product label, continued demonstration of efficacy and
safety in commercial use, physicians willingness to prescribe the product, reimbursement from third-party payers such as government
healthcare systems and insurance companies, the price of the product, the nature of any post-approval risk management plans mandated
by regulatory authorities, competition, marketing and distribution support. In addition, we will need to expend a significant amount
of resources on marketing and educational efforts to create awareness of our products and to encourage their acceptance and adoption.
If the market for our products does not develop sufficiently or the products are not accepted, our revenue potential will be harmed. 

We are exposed to potential product liability
risks that are inherent in the testing, manufacturing and marketing of cancer diagnostics, pharmaceuticals and dietary supplements. 

While
we do not presently carry any product liability insurance coverage, we intend to obtain such insurance in amounts we believe to be commercially
reasonable for our current level of activity and exposure. There is no assurance, however, that we will be able to obtain or maintain
insurance coverage that will be adequate to cover our potential liabilities, or that premiums will be commercially justifiable. Furthermore,
insurance that might otherwise be readily available, may be more difficult for us to find and more expensive because we work with medicinal
cannabis. If we are the subject of a successful product liability claim that exceeds the limits of, or is not otherwise covered by our
insurance, or if we incur such liability at a time when we are not able to obtain liability insurance, we may incur substantial charges
that adversely affect our earnings and require the commitment of capital resources that might otherwise be available for the development
and commercial launch of our product programs. 

If we fail to protect our intellectual property
rights, our ability to pursue the development of our technologies and products would be negatively affected. 

Our success will depend in part on our ability
to protect our intellectual property. This is done, in part, by obtaining patents and trademarks and then maintaining adequate protection
of our technologies, tradenames and products. If we do not adequately protect our intellectual property, competitors may be able to use
our technologies to produce and market products in direct competition with us and erode our competitive advantage. Some foreign countries
lack rules and methods for defending intellectual property rights and do not protect proprietary rights to the same extent as the United
States. Many companies have had difficulty protecting their proprietary rights in these foreign countries. We may not be able to prevent
misappropriation of our proprietary rights. 

We are currently seeking patent protection for
several processes and finished products. However, the patent process is subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, and there can be
no assurance that we will be successful in protecting our products by obtaining and defending patents. These risks and uncertainties include
the following: 

patents that may be issued or licensed may be challenged, invalidated, or circumvented, or otherwise may not provide any competitive advantage; 

our competitors, many of which have substantially greater resources than us and many of which have made significant investments in competing technologies, may seek, or may already have obtained, patents that will limit, interfere with, or eliminate our ability to make, use, and sell our products and product candidates either in the United States or in international markets; 

26 

there may be significant pressure on the United States government and other international governmental bodies to limit the scope of patent protection both inside and outside the United States for treatments that prove successful as a matter of public policy regarding worldwide health concerns; 

countries other than the United States may have less restrictive patent laws than those upheld by United States courts, allowing foreign competitors the ability to exploit these laws to create, develop, and market competing products. 

Any patents issued to us may not provide us with
meaningful protection, and third parties may challenge, circumvent or narrow them. Third parties may also independently develop products
similar to our products or product candidates, duplicate our unpatented product or product candidates, and design around any patents on
product candidates we may develop. 

Additionally, extensive time is required for development,
testing and regulatory review of product candidates. While extension of a patent term due to regulatory delays may be available, it is
possible that before any of our product candidates can be commercialized, any related patent, even with an extension, may expire or remain
in force for only a short period following commercialization, thereby reducing any advantages of the patent. 

In addition, the United States Patent and Trademark
Office (the USPTO ), and patent offices in other jurisdictions have often required that patent applications concerning biotechnology-related
inventions be limited or narrowed substantially to cover only the specific innovations exemplified in the patent application, thereby
limiting the scope of protection against competitive challenges. Thus, even if we or our licensors are able to obtain patents, the patents
may be substantially narrower than anticipated. 

In addition to patents, we rely on a combination
of trade secrets, confidentiality, nondisclosure and other contractual provisions, and security measures to protect our confidential and
proprietary information. These measures may not adequately protect our trade secrets or other proprietary information. If they do not
adequately protect our rights, third parties could use our technology, and we could lose any competitive advantage we may have. In addition,
others may independently develop similar proprietary information or techniques or otherwise gain access to our trade secrets, which could
impair any competitive advantage we may have. 

Costly litigation may be necessary to protect
our intellectual property rights and we may be subject to claims alleging the violation of the intellectual property rights of others. 

We may face significant expense and liability
as a result of litigation or other proceedings relating to patents and other intellectual property rights of others. If another party
has also filed a patent application or been issued a patent relating to an invention or technology claimed by us in pending applications,
we may be required to participate in an interference proceeding declared by the USPTO to determine priority of invention, which could
result in substantial uncertainties and costs, even if the eventual outcome were favorable to us. We could also be required to participate
in interference proceedings involving issued patents and pending applications of another entity. An adverse outcome in an interference
proceeding could require us to cease using the technology or to license rights from prevailing third parties. 

The cost to us of any patent litigation or other
proceeding relating to our patents or patent applications, even if resolved in our favor, could be substantial. Our ability to enforce
our patent protection could be limited by our financial resources, and may be subject to lengthy delays. 

A third party might claim that we are using inventions
claimed by their patents and might go to court to stop us from engaging in our normal operations and activities, such as research, development
and the sale of any future products. Such lawsuits are expensive and would consume time and other resources. There is a risk that the
court will decide that we are infringing the third party s patents and will order us to stop the activities claimed by the patents,
redesign our products or processes to avoid infringement or obtain licenses (which may not be available on commercially reasonable terms).
In addition, there is a risk that a court will order us to pay the other party damages for having infringed their patents. 

There is no guarantee that any prevailing patent
owner would offer us a license so that we could continue to engage in activities claimed by the patent, or that such a license, if made
available to us, could be acquired on commercially acceptable terms. In addition, third parties may, in the future, assert other intellectual
property infringement claims against us with respect to our products, technologies or other matters. 

27 

Failure in our information technology or storage
systems could significantly disrupt our operations and our research and development efforts, which could adversely impact our revenues,
as well as our research, development and commercialization efforts. 

Our ability to execute our business strategy depends,
in part, on the continued and uninterrupted performance of our information technology IT ), systems, which support our operations
and our research and development efforts, as well as our storage systems. Due to the sophisticated nature of the technology we use in
our products and service offerings, we are substantially dependent on our IT systems. IT systems are vulnerable to damage from a variety
of sources, including telecommunications or network failures, malicious human acts and natural disasters. Moreover, despite network security
and back-up measures, some of our servers are potentially vulnerable to physical or electronic break-ins, computer viruses and similar
disruptive problems. Despite the precautionary measures we have taken to prevent unanticipated problems that could affect our IT systems,
sustained or repeated system failures that interrupt our ability to generate and maintain data, could adversely affect our ability to
operate our business. 

We will need to grow the size of our organization,
and we may experience difficulties in managing any growth we may achieve. 

As of the date of this filing, we have two full-time
employees. As our development and commercialization plans and strategies progress, we expect to need additional research, development,
managerial, operational, sales, marketing, financial, accounting, legal and other resources. Future growth would impose significant added
responsibilities on our management, which may not be able to accommodate those added responsibilities. If we fail to effectively manage
our future growth, it could delay the execution of our business plan and disrupt our operations. 

We are subject to financial reporting and
other requirements that place significant demands on our resources. 

We are subject to reporting and other obligations
under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, including the requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. Section
404 requires us to conduct an annual management assessment of the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting. These
reporting and other obligations place significant demands on our management, administrative, operational, internal audit and accounting
resources. The costs of preparing and filing annual and quarterly reports, proxy statements and other information with the SEC and furnishing
audit reports to stockholders causes our expenses to be higher than they would be if we remained a privately-held company. The increased
costs associated with operating as a public company may decrease our net income or increase our net loss, and may cause us to reduce
costs in other areas of our business or increase the prices of our product to offset the effect of such increased costs. Additionally,
if these requirements divert our management s attention from other business concerns, they could have a material adverse effect
on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Management assessed the effectiveness of the Company s
internal controls over financial reporting as of August 31, 2021, based on the framework in Internal Control Integrated Framework
(COSO 2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organization of the Treadway Commission. On the basis of that assessment, management
determined that our internal controls over financial reporting were effective as of that date. 

Effective internal controls are necessary for
us to provide reasonable assurance with respect to our financial reports and to effectively prevent fraud. If we cannot provide reasonable
assurance with respect to our financial reports and effectively prevent fraud, our reputation and operating results could be harmed. Pursuant
to the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, we are required to furnish a report by management on internal control over financial reporting, including
management s assessment of the effectiveness of such control. Internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect
misstatements because of its inherent limitations, including the possibility of human error, the circumvention or overriding of controls,
or fraud. Therefore, even effective internal controls can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to the preparation and fair presentation
of financial statements. In addition, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting to future
periods are subject to the risk that the control may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance
with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. If we fail to maintain the adequacy of our internal controls, including any failure to
implement required new or improved controls, or if we experience difficulties in their implementation, our business and operating results
could be adversely impacted, we could fail to meet our reporting obligations, and our business and stock price could be adversely affected. 

28 

At August 31, 2021, our Chief Executive Officer
and Chief Financial Officer evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined
in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) and concluded that, subject to the inherent limitations identified in Item 9A
of Part II of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2021, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective
as of that date. Our independent auditors issued an adverse attestation report regarding the effectiveness of our internal control over
financial reporting as of August 31, 2020. 

Since that time, we have implemented a remediation
plan to address the previously reported material weakness in internal control over financial reporting, described in Part II, Item 9A,
 Controls and Procedures in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2020. Remediation measures
include adding additional resources in our finance function, addition of qualified financial professionals and formation of our Audit
Committee. The material weakness will not be considered remediated, until the applicable controls operate for a sufficient period of time
and management has concluded, through testing, that these controls are operating effectively. We expect that the remediation of this material
weakness will be completed prior to the end of fiscal year 2022. Notwithstanding the material weakness, we believe the financial statements
in this report fairly present, in all material respects, our financial position, results of operations, and cash flows for the periods
presented in conformity with U.S. GAAP. 

Risks Related to Cannabis 

Our failure to comply with controlled substance
legislation could restrict or harm our ability to develop and commercialize our products. 

Our business is, and will be, subject to wide-ranging
laws and regulations of Israel, the United States (federal and state), the European Community and other governments in each of the countries
where we may develop and market our products. We must comply with all regulatory requirements if we expect to be successful. 

Most countries are parties to the Single Convention
on Narcotic Drugs of 1961 as amended by the 1972 Protocol, which governs international trade and domestic control of narcotic substances,
including cannabis extracts. Countries may interpret and implement their treaty obligations in a way that creates a legal obstacle to
us obtaining marketing approval in those countries for any cannabinoid-based products we develop. These countries may not be willing or
able to amend or otherwise modify their laws and regulations to permit our products to be marketed, or achieving such amendments to the
laws and regulations may take a prolonged period of time. In the case of countries with similar obstacles, we would be unable to market
our product candidates in countries in the near future or perhaps at all if the laws and regulations in those countries do not change. 

Any cannabinoid-based product candidate that we
may develop for use in the United States, will be subject to U.S. controlled substance laws and regulations that will require us, along
with our collaborators and licensees, to expend time, money and effort in all areas of regulatory compliance, including, if applicable,
manufacturing, production, quality control and assurance and clinical trials. Any failure to comply with these laws and regulations, or
the cost of compliance with these laws and regulations, could adversely affect the results of our business operations and our financial
condition. 

The constant evolution of laws and regulations
affecting the research and development of cannabis-based diagnostics and therapies could detrimentally affect our business. Laws and regulations
related to the therapeutic uses of cannabis are subject to changing interpretations. These changes may require us to incur substantial
costs associated with legal and compliance fees and ultimately require us to alter our business plan. Furthermore, violations or alleged
violation of these laws could disrupt our business and result in a material adverse effect on our operations, including our ability to
conduct clinical trials that are prerequisite to our ability to commercialize our cannabis-based medical products and therapies. We cannot
predict the nature of any future laws, regulations, interpretations or applications of laws and regulations and it is possible that new
laws and regulations may be enacted in the future that will be directly applicable to our business. 

29 

Cannabis remains illegal under U.S. federal
law, and any change in the enforcement priorities of the federal government could render our current and planned future operations unprofitable
or even prohibit such operations. 

We are a biotechnology company focused on the
research and development of cannabinoid-based diagnostics, anti-cancer pharmaceuticals and palliative therapies. The commercial viability
of our products and technologies in the United States depends, in part, on state laws and regulations; however, Cannabis remains illegal
under US federal law. 

The United States federal government regulates
drugs through the Controlled Substances Act of 1970 (the CSA ), which places controlled substances, including cannabis, on
one of five schedules. Cannabis is currently classified as a Schedule I controlled substance, which is viewed as having a high potential
for abuse and no currently accepted medical use in treatment in the United States. No prescriptions may be written for Schedule I substances,
and such substances are subject to production quotas, security requirements and criteria for importation imposed by the United States
Drug Enforcement Administration (the DEA ). Because of this, doctors may not prescribe cannabis for medical use under federal
law, although they can recommend its use under the First Amendment. 

Currently, thirty-seven U.S. states and the District
of Columbia allow the use of medical cannabis. Eighteen states and the District of Columbia also allow its recreational use. Because cannabis
is a Schedule I controlled substance, however, the development of a legal cannabis industry under the laws of these states is in conflict
with the Federal Controlled Substances Act, which makes cannabis use and possession illegal on a national level. The United States Supreme
Court has confirmed that the federal government has the right to regulate and criminalize cannabis, including for medical purposes, and
that federal law criminalizing the use of cannabis pre-empts state laws that legalize its use. 

In 2014, the United States House of Representatives
passed an amendment (the Rohrabacher-Farr Amendment to the Commerce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies Appropriations
Bill, which funds the United States Department of Justice (the DOJ ). The Rohrabacher-Farr Amendment prohibits the DOJ from
using funds to prevent states with medical cannabis laws from implementing such laws. In August 2016, a Ninth Circuit federal appeals
court ruled in United States v. McIntosh that the Rohrabacher-Farr Amendment bars the DOJ from spending funds on the prosecution
of conduct that is allowed by state medical cannabis laws, provided that such conduct is in strict compliance with applicable state law.
While the Rohrabacher-Farr Amendment has been included as a rider to the Consolidated Appropriations Acts every year since 2014, there
can be no assurances that the Rohrabacher-Farr Amendment will be included in future appropriations bills or budget resolutions. The federal
government could at any time change its enforcement priorities against the cannabis industry. We do not grow or distribute cannabis, but
our current and planned business operations may involve licensing cannabinoid-based products and technology. Any change in enforcement
priorities could render such operations unprofitable or even prohibit such operations. 

Our ability to earn revenue through licensing
our product in the United States is dependent on additional states legalizing medical marijuana. 

We are engaged in the business developing and
commercializing cannabinoid-based products for the detection and treatment of cancer. Our ability to commercialize our products in the
United States is dependent upon the continued progress of legislative authorization of cannabis at the state level for medical purposes
and, in certain states, based on the specifics of the legislation passed in that state. Any number of factors could slow or halt the progress.
Furthermore, progress, while encouraging, is not assured. The legislative process normally encounters set-backs before achieving success.
While there may be ample public support for legislative proposals, there must be political will in the legislative committee or a bill
may never advance to a vote. Numerous factors impact the legislative process. Any one of these factors could slow or halt the progress
and adoption of cannabis for medical purposes, which would limit the market for our products and negatively impact our business and revenues. 

30 

Changes in consumer preferences and acceptance
of medical cannabis, or any negative trends, will adversely affect our business. 

Our business is substantially dependent on market
acceptance of medical cannabis. Market perception of medical cannabis can be significantly influenced by a number of social, political
and economic factors that are beyond our control, including scientific research or findings, regulatory investigations, litigation, media
attention and other publicity regarding such products and treatments. There can be no assurance that future scientific research, findings,
regulatory proceedings, litigation, media attention or other research findings or publicity will be favorable to the market for any of
our current or future cannabinoid-based diagnostics or therapies. Future research reports, findings, regulatory proceedings, litigation,
media attention or other publicity that are perceived as less favorable than, or that question, earlier research reports, findings or
publicity could have a material adverse effect on the demand for our products, as well as our business, results of operations, financial
condition and cash flows. 

We believe that as cannabis-based biotechnology
becomes more widely accepted by the U.S. medical community and the public at large, the stigma associated with medical cannabis will moderate
and, as a result, consumer demand will likely continue to grow. There is, however, no assurance that such increase in demand will occur,
that we will benefit from any demand increase or that our business will ever become profitable. We cannot predict the future growth rate
and size of the market, assuming that the regulatory climate permits, of which there can be no assurance. Any negative outlook on medical
cannabis will adversely affect our business prospects. 

We also believe that large, well-funded
pharmaceutical and other related businesses and industries may have economic reasons to oppose cannabinoid-based therapies. The pharmaceutical
industry is well-funded with a strong and experienced lobby presence at both the federal and state levels, as well as internationally,
that surpasses financial resources of the current group of medical cannabis research and development companies. Any effort by the pharmaceutical
lobby to halt or delay cannabinoid-based medical products and therapies could have a detrimental impact on our business. 

Risks Related to Product Development 

If we fail to successfully develop and commercialize
diagnostics, pharmaceutical or therapies, we may be unable to execute our plan of operations. 

Our current business strategy focuses on discovering,
developing and commercializing cannabinoid-based diagnostics, anti-cancer pharmaceuticals and palliative therapies. To date, we have only
commercialized Cannabics SR, our non-pharmaceutical extended release capsules for palliative therapy. The success of our business will
depend upon our ability to fully develop and commercialize the diagnostics and therapeutic product candidates in our current development
pipeline as well as to continue the discovery and development of other products and technology. 

Prior to commercializing our product candidates,
we will be required to undertake time-consuming and costly development activities with uncertain outcomes, including conducting clinical
studies and obtaining regulatory clearance or approval in Israel, the United States, the European Union and other countries where we may
develop and market our product candidates. Delays in obtaining approvals and clearances could have material adverse effects on us and
our ability to fully carry out our plan of operations. We have limited experience in taking products through these processes and there
are considerable risks involved in these activities. The science and methods that we are employing are innovative and complex, and it
is possible that our development programs will ultimately not yield products suitable for commercialization or government approval. Product
candidates that appear promising in early development may fail to be validated in subsequent studies, and even if we achieve positive
results, we may still fail to obtain the necessary regulatory clearances or approvals. Few research and development projects result in
commercial products, and perceived viability in early clinical studies often is not replicated in later studies. At any point, we may
abandon development of a product candidate, or we may be required to expend considerable resources obtaining additional clinical and nonclinical
data, which would adversely impact the timing for generating potential revenue from those products. Further, our ability to develop and
launch product candidates is dependent on our receipt of substantial additional funding. If our discovery and development programs yield
fewer commercial product candidates than we expect, we may be unable to execute our business plan, and our business, financial condition
and results of operations may be adversely affected. 

If we fail to maintain or establish satisfactory
arrangements for the supply of raw materials or the manufacture of our product candidates for preclinical or clinical trials, or if we
experience an interruption of supply, we might not have sufficient quantities of our product candidates at an acceptable cost, which could
delay, prevent or impair our development or commercialization efforts 

31 

We do not produce medical cannabis, and therefore
our ability to research, develop and commercialize our cannabinoid-based diagnostics and therapeutic product candidates is dependent upon
a sufficient supply of medical cannabis strains. Any significant interruption or negative change in the availability or economics of the
supply chain for medical cannabis could materially impact our business, financial condition and operating results. Some strains of medical
cannabis may only be available from a single supplier or a limited group of suppliers. If a sole source supplier were to go out of business,
we might be unable to find a replacement source in a timely manner or at all. If a sole source supplier were to be acquired by a competitor,
that competitor might elect not to supply us. Any inability to secure required supplies of medical cannabis or to do so on appropriate
terms could have a materially adverse impact on our business, financial condition and operating results. 

Our clinical diagnostics may never be validated. 

The FDA regulates the sale and distribution, in
interstate commerce, of in vitro diagnostic test kits, reagents and instruments used to perform diagnostic testing. To the extent
that any diagnostic test we develop is regarded as an in vitro diagnostic test rather than as a Laboratory Developed Test LDT ),
we will be subject to increased FDA regulation that will delay and add to the cost of commercialization of our diagnostic product candidates,
which will have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

We are also subject to the United States
Clinical Laboratory Improvement Amendments of 1988 CLIA ), federal regulatory standards that apply to all clinical laboratories
that perform testing on specimens derived from humans in the United States for the purpose of providing information for the diagnosis,
prevention or treatment of disease. CLIA is intended to ensure the quality and reliability of clinical laboratories in the United States
by mandating specific standards in the areas of personnel qualifications, administration, and participation in proficiency testing, patient
test management, quality control, quality assurance and inspections. Accreditation by the College of American Pathologists CAP ),
one of six CLIA-approved accreditation organizations, is sufficient to satisfy the requirements of CLIA. 

The validation for CLIA or CAP is a two-step process.
The first step is optimization of all of the steps of the test protocol to show that the test is able to produce repeatable and consistent
results. The second step is the clinical validation, in which statistically significant sensitivity and specificity of the test on the
appropriate human samples are determined. Overall, the purpose of the validation process is to determine the accuracy, precision, sensitivity
and specificity of the test. The time and cost to complete the validation process can vary widely, and it is possible that we would be
unable to complete the validation process along the timeline and within the budget as planned. 

As of the date of this filing, our clinical diagnostics
have not yet been validated for commercialization in a CLIA or CAP laboratory, and we have not yet begun the validation process. We may
be unable to enter into an agreement with a CLIA or CAP laboratory on favorable terms, or at all. Although we may be able to validate
the tests, they might have sensitivity and specificity that is insufficient to bring the product to market. Any delays or incurrence of
greater costs than budgeted in validating these tests may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial
condition. 

The Federal Food and Drug Administration may
impose additional regulatory obligations and costs upon the development of our diagnostics. 

On October 3, 2014, the FDA issued draft guidance
regarding oversight of LDTs, titled Framework for Regulatory Oversight of Laboratory Developed Tests (LDTs). According to
this guidance, the FDA plans to take a phased-in risk-based approach to regulating LDTs. The FDA plans to phase in enforcement of LTD
premarket review, quality system oversight and adverse event reporting over a number of years. The FDA would require that laboratories
providing LDTs, subject to certain limited exemptions, within six months after the guidance documents are finalized to comply with (i)
either a new notification procedure in which the laboratory must provide the FDA with certain basic information about each LDT offered
by their laboratory or the FDA s device registration and listing requirements, and (ii) the medical device reporting, or MDR, requirements
for LDTs offered by that laboratory. Under this new risk-based approach, it is possible that some level of pre-market review may be required
for our LDTs, which may require us to obtain additional clinical data. 

32 

The FDA draft guidance was subject to public comment
until February 2, 2015. On January 13, 2017, the FDA issued a discussion paper on LDTs that does not represent the formal position of
FDA and is not enforceable, but is intended to advance public discussion on future LDT oversight. At the present time, we cannot assess
what the additional costs and regulatory burdens of any FDA final guidance or FDA enforcement will be, or the impact it may have on our
business and operations. 

If the FDA requires us to seek clearance or approval
for any of our diagnostic products (as opposed to simply licensing our technology to a CLIA lab), we may not be able to obtain such approvals
on a timely basis, or at all. The cost of conducting clinical trials and otherwise developing data and information to support any applications
may be significant. Failure to comply with applicable regulatory requirements of the FDA could result in enforcement action, including
receiving untitled or warning letters, fines, injunctions, or civil or criminal penalties. In addition, we could be subject to a recall
or seizure of products, operating restrictions, partial suspension or total shutdown of production. Any such enforcement action would
have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operations. 

Changes in laws and regulations concerning
clinical diagnostic tests may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

The clinical laboratory testing industry is highly
regulated, and failure to comply with applicable regulatory, supervisory or licensing requirements may adversely affect our business,
financial condition and results of operations. In particular, the laws and regulations governing the marketing and research of clinical
diagnostic testing are extremely complex and in many instances there are no clear regulatory or judicial interpretations of these laws
and regulations, which increase the risk that we may be found to be in violation of these laws. 

The regulatory environment in which we operate
may change significantly and adversely in the future. The molecular diagnostics industry as a whole is a growing industry and regulatory
agencies such as the FDA may also apply heightened scrutiny to new developments in the field of molecular diagnostics. Should we be deemed
to not be in compliance with regulatory requirements or any changes thereto, we may be subject to sanctions which could include required
changes to our operations, adverse publicity, substantial financial penalties and criminal proceedings. Any change in the laws and the
regulations relating to our business, whether in the form of new or amended laws or regulations or regulatory policies, or the application
of any of the above, may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations by increasing our costs to comply
with the new laws or constraining our ability to develop, market and commercialize our diagnostic tests. 

For example, a development affecting our industry
is the increased enforcement of the federal False Claims Act and, in particular, actions brought pursuant to the False Claims Act's whistleblower 
or qui tam provisions. The False Claims Act imposes liability on any person or entity that, among other things, knowingly
presents, or causes to be presented, a false or fraudulent claim for payment by a federal governmental payer program. The qui tam 
provisions of the False Claims Act allow a private individual to bring civil actions on behalf of the federal government for violations
of the False Claims Act and permit such individuals to share in any amounts paid by the defendant to the government in fines or settlement.
When an entity is determined to have violated the False Claims Act, it is subject to mandatory damages of three times the actual damages
sustained by the government, plus mandatory civil penalties ranging from 5,500 to 11,000 for each false claim. In addition, various
states have enacted false claim laws analogous to the federal False Claims Act, and in some cases go even further because many of these
state laws apply where a claim is submitted to any third-party payer and not merely a governmental payer program. 

In addition, there has been a recent trend of
increased U.S. federal and state regulation of payments made to physicians, which are governed by laws and regulations including the Stark
Law. Among other requirements, the Stark Law requires laboratories to track, and places a cap on, non-monetary compensation provided to
referring physicians. While we have a compliance plan to address compliance with applicable fraud and abuse laws and regulations, the
evolving commercial compliance environment and the need to build and maintain robust and expandable systems to comply with multiple jurisdictions
with different compliance and reporting requirements increases the possibility that we could violate one or more of these requirements. 

33 

All of our diagnostics and therapeutic product
candidates are in clinical and preclinical development, the validation of which may not be successful and may be subject to delays, which
would have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operation and financial condition. 

To date, we have devoted our resources towards
developing the technology upon which we are building our clinical diagnostics and therapeutic product candidates. Our clinical diagnostic
product candidates have yet to be validated and our clinical therapeutic product candidates are currently in a preclinical development
phase. As of the date of this filing, only Cannabics SR, our non-pharmaceutical palliative therapy, has been commercialized. 

We may be unable to successfully complete the
clinical validation process for our diagnostic product candidates due to several factors, including our ability to acquire enough samples
for full validation and the procurement of materials necessary to conduct testing. 

We may not be able to successfully complete the
preclinical testing necessary to advance our therapeutic product candidates into clinical development, including animal pharmacology and
toxicity studies. The results of any preclinical work may indicate that our therapeutic product candidates do not have the safety or efficacy
necessary to file an Investigational New Drug IND with the FDA in order to move our product on to the clinical development
process. 

Once we initiate the clinical development of our
product candidates, it may be difficult to identify and qualify patients to participate in future clinical trials for our product candidates,
and the timing of our clinical trials depends on the speed at which we can recruit patients to participate in testing as well as completion
of required follow-up periods. If patients are unwilling to participate in our clinical trials due to concerns over the safety of the
product candidate or for other reasons, the timeline for conducting the trials and obtaining regulatory approval may be delayed. Furthermore,
we may also compete for patients with other companies conducting similar clinical trials. Any delays in our future clinical trials could
result in increased costs, delays in product development or termination of the clinical trials altogether. 

Any of these events could have a material adverse
effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

We may fail to demonstrate the safety and
efficacy of our therapeutic product candidates in accordance with regulatory standards and may incur delays and substantial costs in
our clinical trials. 

In order to commercialize our therapeutic product
candidates, we must conduct extensive clinical trials demonstrating the safety and efficacy of our product candidates in humans. The clinical
testing process is expensive, difficult to design and implement, takes many years to complete and is unpredictable in both its duration
and outcome. A failure of one or more clinical trials can occur at any stage of testing. There is a high failure rate for drugs and biological
products proceeding through clinical trials. The research, testing, manufacturing, labeling, packaging, storage, approval, sale, marketing,
advertising and promotion, pricing, export, import and distribution of drug products are subject to extensive regulation by the FDA and
other regulatory authorities in the United States and other countries, which regulations differ from country to country. We are not permitted
to market our therapeutic product candidates as a prescription pharmaceutical product in the United States until we receive approval of
a New Drug Application NDA ), from the FDA, or in any foreign countries until we receive the requisite approval from such
countries. In the United States, the FDA generally requires the completion of pre-clinical testing and clinical trials of each drug to
establish its safety and efficacy and extensive pharmaceutical development to ensure its quality before an NDA is approved. Regulatory
authorities in other jurisdictions impose similar requirements. Of the large number of drugs in development, only a small percentage result
in the submission of an NDA to the FDA and even fewer are eventually approved for commercialization. We have not submitted an NDA to the
FDA or comparable applications to other regulatory authorities. Preclinical and clinical data is often susceptible to varying interpretations
and types of analyses and regulatory authorities may fail to approve our product. In addition, even if we successfully complete early
clinical trials, such results may not be indicative of the success or results of our later clinical trials. 

34 

Our successful completion of clinical trials may
be materially adversely affected by many factors, including: 

ineffective trial design and disagreement with the FDA on final trial design; 

imposition of a clinical hold following an inspection of our clinical trial operations by the FDA or other regulatory authorities; 

difficulties or delays in reaching an agreement with a contract research organization, and clinical trial sites; 

delays in obtaining required institutional review board approval for each trial site; 

data collected from clinical trials may not be sufficient to support the submission of a NDA or other submission or to obtain regulatory approval in the United States or elsewhere; 

delays or difficulties in recruiting suitable patients to participate in clinical trials; 

delays in manufacturing or delivering products and materials to clinical trial sites; 

delays or difficulties caused by lack of patient adherence to treatment or post-treatment follow-up; 

delays caused by patients dropping out of a trial and the need for recruiting additional patients; and 

delays caused by clinical sites dropping out of the trial and the time required to recruit a new site. 

Any of these delays or difficulties could cause
us to be delayed in obtaining marketing approval from regulatory authorities, if at all, or allow us to obtain approval for specific indications
or patient populations that are not as broad as currently targeted. In addition, such delays or difficulties may cause our development
costs or our time to bring our product candidates to market to increase, may weaken our competitive positioning in the market and may
have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

We cannot predict if or when we will receive
regulatory approval to commercialize a therapeutic product candidate. 

We cannot commercialize a therapeutic product
candidate until the appropriate regulatory authorities, such as the FDA or a state regulating authority, have reviewed and approved the
product candidate. Even if our therapeutic product candidates demonstrate safety and efficacy in clinical trials, regulatory agencies
may not complete their review processes in a timely manner, and we may not be able to obtain timely regulatory approval. We may never
be able to receive regulatory approval for our therapeutic product candidates at all. Additional delays may result if an FDA advisory
committee or other regulatory authority recommends non-approval or restrictions on approval. In addition, we may experience delays or
rejections based upon additional government regulation from future legislation or administrative action, or changes in regulatory agency
policy during the period of product development, clinical trials and the review process. Regulatory agencies may also approve a product
candidate for fewer or more limited indications than requested or may grant approval subject to the performance of post-marketing studies.
In addition, regulatory agencies may not approve the labeling claims that are necessary or desirable for the successful commercialization
of our product candidates. Delays or failure to obtain necessary regulatory approvals could have a material adverse effect on our business,
results of operations and financial condition. 

Even if we obtain regulatory approval for
a therapeutic product candidate, we will remain subject to extensive regulatory scrutiny. 

35 

Even if we obtain regulatory approval in the United
States for our therapeutic product candidates, the FDA and other appropriate regulatory agencies may still impose significant restrictions
or delays, including restriction of patient population or indications or additional costly studies. Any changes to the approved product
or its labeling or manufacturing process would require FDA approval. Any advertisements or promotions must comply with FDA regulations
and are subject to FDA review as well as state and federal laws. Drug product manufacturers are subject to continual review and inspection
by the FDA and other regulatory authorities to comply with Current Good Manufacturing Practice standards. If the FDA or other regulatory
authority finds previously undiscovered compliance issues with products, such as unanticipated adverse effects or issues with the manufacturing
facility, the FDA or other regulatory authority may: 

issue a warning letter asserting that we are in violation of law; 

seek an injunction; 

impose civil or criminal penalties or monetary fines; 

suspend or withdraw regulatory approval; 

suspend currently ongoing clinical trials; 

refuse any pending applications; 

seize product; or 

prohibit us from entering into beneficial or necessary contracts such as supply or government contracts. 

Any government investigation of alleged violations
of law could require us to expend significant time and resources in response, could result in litigation and litigation-related expense
and could generate negative publicity. The occurrence of any event or penalty described above may inhibit our ability to commercialize
our therapeutic product candidates and generate revenue, which would have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations
and financial condition. 

In addition, even if we obtain regulatory approvals,
the timing or scope of any approvals may prohibit or reduce our ability to commercialize our therapeutic product candidates successfully.
For example, if the approval process takes too long, we may miss market opportunities and give other companies the ability to develop
competing products or establish market dominance. Any regulatory approval that we ultimately obtain may be limited or subject to restrictions
or post-approval commitments that render our products not commercially viable. For example, regulatory authorities may approve our therapeutic
product candidates for fewer or more limited indications than we request, may not approve the price we intend to charge for our therapeutic
product candidates, may grant approval contingent on the performance of costly post-marketing clinical trials, or may approve our therapeutic
product candidates with a label that does not include the labeling claims necessary or desirable for the successful commercialization
of that indication. Further, the FDA may place conditions on approvals including potential requirements or risk management plans and the
requirement for a Risk Evaluation and Mitigation Strategy REMS to assure the safe use of the drug. If the FDA concludes
a REMS is needed, the sponsor of the NDA must submit a proposed REMS; the FDA will not approve the NDA without an approved REMS, if required.
A REMS could include medication guides, physician communication plans, or elements to assure safe use, such as restricted distribution
methods, patient registries and other risk minimization tools. Any of these limitations on approval or marketing could restrict the commercial
promotion, distribution, prescription or dispensing of our therapeutic product candidates. Moreover, product approvals may be withdrawn
for non-compliance with regulatory standards or if problems occur following the initial marketing of the product. Any of the foregoing
scenarios could materially harm the commercial success of our product candidates and have a material adverse effect on our business, results
of operations and financial condition. 

36 

We may fail to obtain orphan drug status for
our therapeutic product candidates. 

We intend to seek orphan drug status from the
FDA for those anti-cancer therapeutic product candidates we are presently developing to the extent such product candidates are eligible
for orphan drug status under the Orphan Drug Act of 1983. The orphan drug status gives the manufacturer specific financial incentives
to develop a pharmacological agent. If a product that has an orphan drug designation receives the first FDA approval for the disease for
which it has such designation, the product is entitled to orphan drug exclusivity, which means that the FDA may not approve any other
applications to market the same medication for the same indication, except in very limited circumstances, for seven years. Failure to
obtain an orphan drug designation for our product candidates may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations
and financial condition. 

Any of our therapeutic product candidates
may cause adverse effects or have properties that could delay or prevent their regulatory approval or limit the scope of any specific
indications or market acceptance. 

Adverse events caused by our therapeutic product
candidates could cause interruptions, delays or the halting of our clinical trials. If adverse effects are observed in any clinical trials
for our therapeutic product candidates, we may be unable to obtain timely, or any, regulatory approval of our therapeutic product candidates.
Adverse effects caused by our therapeutic product candidates could also subject us to litigation and liability, which could have a material
adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

In addition, if any of our therapeutic product
candidates are approved for commercialization and are found to cause serious or unpredicted side effects, serious consequences may result,
including but not limited to, the withdrawal of marketing approval by regulatory authorities, restrictions on distribution by regulatory
authorities, the need to conduct additional clinical trials, litigation and potential liability for personal injury to patients and damage
to our reputation. Furthermore, our ability to achieve and maintain profitability may be permanently impaired. Any of these events could
have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

Our dietary supplements are subject to government
regulation, both in the United States and internationally, which could increase our costs significantly and limit or prevent the sale
of our dietary supplements. 

The manufacture, packaging, labeling, advertising,
promotion, distribution and sale of Cannabics SR, and any other dietary supplements that we may develop and commercialize, is subject
to regulation by numerous national and local governmental agencies in the United States and other countries, including the FDA and Federal
Trade Commission in the United States, and the Ministry of Health in Israel. Failure to comply with these regulatory requirements may
result in various types of penalties or fines. These include injunctions, product withdrawals, recalls, product seizures, fines and criminal
prosecutions. Individual states also regulate dietary supplements. A U.S. state may interpret claims or products presumptively valid under
federal law as illegal under that state s regulations. In markets outside the United States, we will likely be required to obtain
approvals, licenses, or certifications from a country s ministry of health or comparable agency, as well as labeling and packaging
regulations, all of which vary from country to country. Approvals or licensing may be conditioned on reformulation of products or may
be unavailable with respect to certain products or product ingredients. Any of these government agencies, as well as legislative bodies,
can change existing regulations, or impose new ones, or could take aggressive measures, causing or contributing to a variety of negative
consequences, including: 

requirements for the reformulation of certain or all products to meet new standards; 

the recall or discontinuance of certain or all products; 

additional record keeping; 

expanded documentation of the properties of certain or all products; 

expanded or different labeling; 

adverse event tracking and reporting; and 

additional scientific substantiation. 

37 

Any or all of these requirements could have a
material adverse effect on us. There can be no assurance that the regulatory environment in which we operate will not change or that such
regulatory environment, or any specific action taken against us, will not result in a material adverse effect on us. 

Changes in legislation or regulation in the
health care systems in the United States and foreign jurisdictions may affect us. 

Our ability to successfully commercialize our
cannabinoid-based products may depend on how the healthcare systems of the United States, the European Union and other governments provide
coverage or reimbursement. Reimbursement and healthcare payment systems in international markets vary significantly by country, and include
both government sponsored healthcare and private insurance. To obtain reimbursement or pricing approval in some countries, we may be required
to produce clinical data, which may involve one or more clinical trials, that compares the cost-effectiveness of our products to other
available therapies. We may not obtain international reimbursement or pricing approvals in a timely manner, if at all. Our failure to
receive international reimbursement or pricing approvals would negatively impact market acceptance of our products in the international
markets in which those approvals are sought. 

We believe that future reimbursement may be subject
to increased restrictions in the United States, the European Union and in other international markets. There is increasing pressure by
governments worldwide to contain health care costs by limiting both the coverage and the level of reimbursement for therapeutic products
and by refusing, in some cases, to provide any coverage for products that have not been approved by the relevant regulatory agency. Future
legislation, regulation or reimbursement policies of third-party payers may adversely affect the demand for our product candidates currently
under development and limit our ability to sell our product candidates on a profitable basis. In addition, third party payers continually
attempt to contain or reduce the costs of healthcare by challenging the prices charged for healthcare products and services. If reimbursement
for our products is unavailable or limited in scope or amount or if pricing is set at unsatisfactory levels, market acceptance of our
products candidates will be impaired and future revenues, if any, will be adversely affected. 

Risks Related to Our Dependence on Third Parties 

We rely and expect to continue to rely heavily
on third parties to conduct our preclinical studies and clinical trials, and those third parties may not perform satisfactorily, including
failing to meet deadlines for the completion of such studies and trials. 

We do not have in-house research facilities and,
as a consequence, we must currently rely on third parties to conduct our clinical trials. We expect to continue to rely heavily on third
parties, such as contract research organizations, clinical data management organizations, medical institutions, clinical investigators
and others to conduct our clinical trials. Our agreements with these third parties generally allow the third party to terminate our agreement
with them at any time. If we are required to enter into alternative arrangements because of any such termination, the introduction of
our product candidates to market could be delayed. 

Our reliance on third parties for research and
development will reduce our control over such activities but will not relieve us of our responsibilities. Likewise, our reliance on third
parties whom we do not control does not relieve us of our responsibility to comply with regulatory requirements to use Current Good Clinical
Practice standards when conducting, recording and reporting the results of clinical trials in order to ensure that data and reported results
are credible and accurate and that the rights, integrity and confidentiality of trial participants are protected. We are also required
to register ongoing clinical trials and post the results of completed clinical trials on a government-sponsored database of regulatory
agencies within specified timeframes. Failure to do so can result in fines, adverse publicity and civil and criminal sanctions. 

The third parties on whom we rely may also have
relationships with other entities, some of whom may be our competitors. If these third parties do not successfully carry out their contractual
duties, meet expected deadlines or conduct our clinical trials in accordance with the requirements of a regulatory agency or our stated
protocols, we will not be able to obtain, or may be delayed in obtaining, marketing approvals for our product candidates and will not
be able to, or may be delayed in our efforts to, successfully commercialize our product candidates. 

Collaboration agreements that we may enter
into in the future may not be successful, which could adversely affect our ability to develop and commercialize our diagnostics and therapeutic
product candidates. 

38 

We may enter into collaboration agreements with
pharmaceutical companies and biotechnology institutions for the development or commercialization of our cannabinoid-based diagnostics
and therapeutic product candidates, which agreements may contain provisions based upon, among other things, the merits of retaining certain
rights. We will face significant competition in seeking appropriate collaborators and in negotiating agreements at acceptable terms, if
at all. We may not be successful in our efforts to enter, implement and maintain collaboration agreements. Disagreements stemming from
collaboration agreements concerning development, intellectual property, regulatory or commercialization matters can lead to delays and,
in some cases, termination of our collaboration agreements or otherwise result in the potentially significant costs and fees in seeking
to enforce or protect our rights, if any. Any such disagreements can be difficult if, in fact, neither of the parties has final decision-making
authority. The resulting outcome of any disputes or disagreements would in all likelihood adversely affect our business. 

Data provided by collaborators and others
upon which we rely that has not been independently verified could turn out to be false, misleading, or incomplete. 

We rely on third-party vendors, scientists, and
collaborators to provide us with significant data and other information related to our projects, clinical trials, and our business. If
such third parties provide inaccurate, misleading, or incomplete data, our business, prospects, and results of operations could be materially
adversely affected. 

Our business model is substantially dependent
on third party licensees to market and sell our products, which will subject us to a number of risks. 

We depend on third party licensees to sell, market,
and service our products and current and future products in our intended markets. We are subject to a number of risks associated with
reliance upon third party licensees, including: 

lack of day-to-day control over the activities of licensees; 

third party licensees may not commit the necessary resources to market and sell our current and future products to our level of expectations; 

third party licensees may terminate their arrangements with us on limited or no notice or may change the terms of these arrangements in a manner unfavorable to us; and 

disagreements with our future licensees could result in costly and time-consuming litigation or arbitration which we could be required to conduct in jurisdictions with which we are not familiar. 

If we fail to establish and maintain satisfactory
relationships with our future third party licensees, our revenue and market share may not grow as anticipated, and we could be subject
to unexpected costs which could harm our results of operations and financial condition. 

Risks Related To Operating In Israel 

Failure to secure the necessary Israeli licenses
to use cannabis for medical research could limit our ability to execute our research and development activities, delay the launch of
our products and adversely affect the results of our business operations. 

To date, we have only conducted our research in
Israel and, in fact, have limited our operations to Israel. The biotechnologies that we are developing contain cannabis, a controlled
substance as defined in the Israeli Dangerous Drugs Ordinance [New Version], 5733 - 1973. In Israel, licenses to cultivate, possess
and to use cannabis for medical research are granted by the Ministry of Health, Israel Medical Cannabis Unit IMCU ), on
an ad hoc basis. We have obtained all IMCU licenses that are necessary for us to carry out our research. Even though we have an
established track record of successfully obtaining the requisite licenses as required, there can be no assurance that we will continue
to be able to secure licenses in the future. If we fail to comply with Israeli rules and regulations related to the licensing of cannabis,
we may not be able to research and develop our product candidates as we intend or at all. 

39 

We may become subject to claims for remuneration
or royalties for assigned service invention rights by our employees, which could result in litigation and adversely affect our business. 

A significant portion of our intellectual property
has been developed by our Israeli employees in the course of their employment for us. Under the Israeli Patent Law, 5727-1967 (the Israeli
Patent Law ), inventions conceived of by an employee during the term and as part of the scope of his or her employment with a company
are regarded as service inventions, which belong to the employer, absent a specific agreement between the employee and employer
giving the employee service invention rights. The Israeli Patent Law also provides that if there is no such agreement between an employer
and an employee, the Israeli Compensation and Royalties Committee (the C R Committee ), a body constituted under the
Israeli Patent Law, shall determine whether the employee is entitled to remuneration for his or her inventions. The C R Committee
(decisions of which have been upheld by the Israeli Supreme Court) has held that employees may be entitled to remuneration for their service
inventions despite having specifically waived any such rights. Further, the C R Committee has not yet set specific guidelines regarding
the method for calculating this remuneration or the criteria or circumstances under which an employee s waiver of his or her right
to remuneration will be disregarded. We generally enter into intellectual property assignment agreements with our employees pursuant to
which such employees assign to us all rights to any inventions created in the scope of their employment or engagement with us. Although
our employees have agreed to assign to us service invention rights and have specifically waived their right to receive any special remuneration
for such assignment beyond their regular salary and benefits, we may face claims demanding remuneration in consideration for assigned
inventions. As a consequence of such claims, we could be required to pay additional remuneration or royalties to our current or former
employees, or be forced to litigate such claims, which could negatively affect our business. 

We expect that our results of operations will
be subject to fluctuations in currency exchange rates because a substantial portion of our anticipated revenue will be generated in U.S.
dollars and Euros while a significant portion of our expenses will be incurred in New Israeli Shekels. 

We expect a substantial portion of our revenue
will be generated in U.S. dollars and Euros, while a significant portion of our expenses, principally salaries and related personnel expenses,
is paid in New Israeli Shekels, or NIS. As a result, we are exposed to the risk that the rate of inflation in Israel will exceed the rate
of devaluation of the NIS in relation to the Euro or the U.S. dollar, or that the timing of this devaluation will lag behind inflation
in Israel. Because inflation has the effect of increasing the U.S. dollar and Euro costs of our operations, it would therefore have an
adverse effect on our dollar-measured results of operations. The value of the NIS, against the Euro, the U.S. dollar, and other currencies
may fluctuate and is affected by, among other things, changes in Israel s political and economic conditions. Any significant revaluation
of the NIS may materially and adversely affect our cash flows, revenues and financial condition. Fluctuations in the NIS exchange rate,
or even the appearance of instability in such exchange rate, could adversely affect our ability to operate our business. 

We may not be able to enforce covenants not-to-compete
under current Israeli law. 

We have non-competition agreements with most of
our employees, all of which are governed by Israeli law. These agreements generally prohibit our employees from competing with us or working
for our competitors for a specified period following termination of their employment. However, Israeli courts are reluctant to enforce
non-compete undertakings of former employees and tend, if at all, to enforce those provisions for relatively brief periods of time in
restricted geographical areas and only when the employee has unique value specific to that employer s business and not just regarding
the professional development of the employee. Any such inability to enforce non-compete covenants may cause us to lose any competitive
advantage arising from confidential information known to such former employees. 

It may be difficult for investors in the United
States to enforce any judgments obtained against us or some of our directors or officers. 

The majority of our assets are located outside
the United States. In addition, certain of our officers are nationals or residents of countries other than the United States, and all
or a substantial portion of such persons assets are located outside the United States. As a result, it may be difficult for investors
to enforce within the United States any judgments obtained against us or any of our non-U.S. officers, including judgments predicated
upon the civil liability provisions of the securities laws of the United States or any state thereof. It may also be difficult to assert
claims under United States securities law in actions originally instituted outside of the United States. Moreover, Israeli courts may
refuse to hear a United States securities law claim because Israeli courts may not be the most appropriate forums in which to bring such
a claim. Even if an Israeli court agrees to hear a claim, it may determine that Israeli law, and not U.S. law, is applicable to the claim.
Further, if U.S. law is found to be applicable, certain content of applicable U.S. law must be proved as a fact, which can be a time-consuming
and costly process, and certain matters of procedure would still be governed by Israeli law. Consequently, our investors may be effectively
prevented from pursuing remedies under U.S. federal and state securities laws against us or any of our non-U.S. directors or officers. 

40 

If there are significant shifts in the political,
economic and military conditions in Israel and its neighbors, it could have a material adverse effect on our business relationships and
profitability. 

All of our research facilities and certain of
our key personnel are located in Israel. Our business is directly affected by the political, economic and military conditions in Israel
and its neighbors. Since the establishment of the State of Israel in 1948, a number of armed conflicts have occurred between Israel and
its Arab neighbors. A state of hostility, varying in degree and intensity, has caused security and economic problems in Israel. Although
Israel has entered into peace treaties with Egypt and Jordan, and various agreements with the Palestinian Authority, there has been a
marked increase in violence, civil unrest and hostility, including armed clashes, between the State of Israel and the Palestinians since
September 2000. The establishment in 2006 of a government in the Gaza Strip by representatives of the Hamas militant group has created
heightened unrest and uncertainty in the region. In mid-2006, Israel engaged in an armed conflict with Hezbollah, a Shiite Islamist militia
group based in Lebanon, and in June 2007, there was an escalation in violence in the Gaza Strip. From December 2008 through January 2009
and again in November and December 2012, Israel engaged in an armed conflict with Hamas, which involved missile strikes against civilian
targets in various parts of Israel and negatively affected business conditions in Israel. In July 2014, Israel launched an additional
operation against Hamas operatives in the Gaza strip in response to Palestinian groups launching rockets at Israel. Recent political uprisings
and social unrest in Syria are affecting its political stability, which has led to the deterioration of the political relationship between
Syria and Israel and have raised new concerns regarding security in the region and the potential for armed conflict. Similar civil unrest
and political turbulence is currently ongoing in many countries in the region. The continued political instability and hostilities between
Israel and its neighbors and any future armed conflict, terrorist activity or political instability in the region could adversely affect
our operations in Israel and adversely affect the market price of our shares of common stock. In addition, several countries restrict
doing business with Israel and Israeli companies have been and are today subjected to economic boycotts. The interruption or curtailment
of trade between Israel and its present trading partners could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Risks Related To Our Stock 

There can be no assurance of an active, liquid
and orderly trading market for our common stock or that investors will be able to sell their shares of common stock. 

At present, our common stock is quoted on the
OTCQB tier of the marketplace maintained by OTC Markets Group Inc., under the symbol CNBX. There is only a limited, liquid
public trading market for our common stock. There can be no assurance that a liquid market for our common stock will continue. Market
liquidity will depend on the perception of our business and any steps that our management might take to bring public awareness of our
business to the investing public within the parameters of the federal securities laws. There is no assurance that any such awareness will
be generated or sustained. Therefore, investors may not be able to liquidate their investment or liquidate it at a price paid by investors
equal to or greater than their initial investment in our common stock. Moreover, holders of our common stock may not find purchasers for
their shares should they to decide to sell the common stock held by them at any particular time if ever. Our common stock should be purchased
only by investors who have no immediate need for liquidity in their investment and who can hold our common stock, possibly for a prolonged
period of time. 

The price of our common stock is volatile,
and the value of your investment could decline. 

The market price of our common stock has been
highly volatile. Between September 1 st , 2020, and August 31 st , 2021, the sales price of our stock on the OTCQB ranged
from a low of 0.16 per share to a high of 0.45 per share. Accordingly, it is difficult to forecast the future performance of our common
stock. The market price of our common stock may be higher or lower than the price you pay, depending on many factors, some of which are
beyond our control and may not be related to our operating performance. These fluctuations could cause you to lose all or part of your
investment in our common stock. Factors that could cause fluctuations in the trading price of our common stock include the following: 

technological innovations or new products and services by us or our competitors; 

regulatory developments at the federal, state or local level; 

additions or departures of key personnel; 

41 

our ability to execute our business plan; 

operating results that fall below expectations; 

loss of any strategic relationship; 

industry developments; 

economic, political and other external factors; and 

period-to-period fluctuations in our financial results. 

The stock market generally and in particular,
the market for stocks of biotechnology companies with lower market capitalizations, like us, have from time to time experienced, and likely
will again experience significant price and volume fluctuations that are unrelated to the operating performance of a particular company.
The trading price of our common stock might decline in reaction to events that affect other companies in our industry, even if these events
do not directly affect us. 

Periods of volatility in the market price of a
company s securities have often been followed by securities class action litigation against that company. If our stock price continues
to be volatile, we may become the target of securities litigation, which could result in substantial costs and divert our management s
attention and resources from our business. This could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial
condition. 

We may never pay any dividends to our shareholders. 

We currently intend to retain any future earnings
for use in the operation and expansion of our business. Accordingly, we do not expect to pay any dividends in the foreseeable future,
but will review this policy as circumstances dictate. The declaration and payment of all future dividends, if any, will be at the sole
discretion of our board of directors, which retains the right to change our dividend policy at any time. Consequently, our stockholders
must rely on sales of their common stock after price appreciation, which may never occur, as the only way to realize any future gains
on their investment. 

Our principal stockholders and management
own a significant percentage of our stock and will be able to exert significant control over matters subject to stockholder approval. 

As of August 31, 2021, Cannabics Inc., a Delaware
corporation owns 58.5 of our common stock. Our three Directors are also holders of shares in Cannabics Inc., and therefore have substantial
influence over it. Accordingly, the Company (and our management) may be able to control the outcome of stockholder votes, including votes
concerning the election of directors, amendment of our organizational documents, approval of mergers, sales of assets and other significant
corporate transactions. This concentration of ownership in Cannabics Inc. (and our management) may have the effect of delaying or preventing
a change in our management and voting control of Cannabics Inc., including preventing or discouraging unsolicited acquisition proposals
or offers for our common stock that some of our stockholders may believe is in their best interest. 

We may issue shares of preferred stock with
greater rights than our common stock, which may entrench management and result in dilution of our stockholders' investment. 

Our Articles of Incorporation authorize the issuance
of up to 100 million shares of preferred stock, par value 0.0001 per share. The authorized but unissued preferred stock may be issued
by our board of directors from time to time on any number of occasions, without stockholder approval, as one or more separate series of
shares comprised of any number of the authorized but unissued shares of preferred stock, designated by resolution of our board of directors
stating the name and number of shares of each series and setting forth separately for such series the relative rights, privileges and
preferences thereof, including, if any, the: (i) rate of dividends payable thereon; (ii) price, terms and conditions of redemption; (iii)
voluntary and involuntary liquidation preferences; (iv) provisions of a sinking fund for redemption or repurchase; (v) terms of conversion
to common stock, including conversion price, and (vi) voting rights. Such preferred stock may enable our board of directors to hinder
or discourage any attempt to gain control of the Company by a merger, tender offer at a control premium price, proxy contest or otherwise.
Consequently, the preferred stock could entrench our management. The market price of our common stock could be depressed by the existence
of the preferred stock. 

42 

Nevada law and certain provisions of our Articles
of Incorporation and bylaws may discourage mergers and other transactions. 

Provisions of Nevada law, such as its business
combination statute, and certain provisions of our Articles of Incorporation and by-laws could make it more difficult for someone to acquire
control of the Company and limit the price that certain investors might be willing to pay for shares of our common stock. These provisions
may make it more difficult for stockholders to take certain corporate actions and could delay or prevent someone from acquiring our business.
The provisions could be beneficial to our management and the board of directors in a hostile tender offer, and could have an adverse impact
on stockholders who might want to participate in such tender offer, or who might want to replace some or all of the members of the board
of directors. 

Our common stock may be subject to penny stock
rules, which may make it more difficult for our investors to sell their common stock. 

Our common stock is presently considered to be
a penny stock and is subject to SEC rules and regulations that impose limitations upon the manner in which such shares may
be publicly traded, and regulate broker-dealer practices in connection with transactions in penny stocks. Penny stocks generally
are equity securities with a price of less than 5.00 (other than securities registered on certain national securities exchanges or quoted
on the NASDAQ system, provided that current price and volume information with respect to transactions in such securities is provided by
the exchange or system). The penny stock rules require a broker-dealer, prior to a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from
the rules, to deliver a standardized risk disclosure document that provides information about penny stocks and the risks in the penny
stock market. The broker-dealer must also provide the customer with current bid and offer quotations for the penny stock, the compensation
of the broker-dealer and its salesperson in the transaction, and monthly account statements showing the market value of each penny stock
held in the customer's account. In addition, the penny stock rules generally require that prior to a transaction in a penny stock, the
broker-dealer make a special written determination that the penny stock is a suitable investment for the purchaser and receive the purchaser's
written agreement to the transaction. These disclosure requirements may have the effect of reducing the level of trading activity in the
secondary market for a stock that becomes subject to the penny stock rules which may increase the difficulty investors may experience
in attempting to liquidate such securities. These requirements could also hamper our ability to raise funds in the primary market for
our shares of common stock. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 

None. 

Item 2. Properties 

Our executive offices are located in Bethesda,
Maryland and are sufficient for the time being. These offices are let to us by our attorney free of charge. We lease the property of our
laboratory in Rehovot, Israel for 2 years, with an additional 2 years extension option period, and pay 6,500- per month. To the report
date the company exercise her option for the first year extension period. 

We lease the property of our office in Tel Aviv,
the monthly lease is 3,500-, with an option for an additional two years. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 

On March 8 th , 2020, the Company joined
Cannabics Inc., our largest shareholder and affiliate in a suit against Seach Sarid Ltd., Seach Medical Group Ltd. and Shay Sarid in Tel
Aviv, Israel. This suit was brought by the Company as it believes the defendants pursued certain business arrangements which rightfully
inured to the Company. Said litigation is ongoing and currently in arbitration. The Company shall vigorously protect and pursue what it
believes to be the rights of the Company and its shareholders. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

Not applicable. 

43 

PART II 

Item 5. Market For Common Equity, Related Stockholder
Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

Market Information. 

We have one class of securities, Common Voting
Equity Shares Common Stock ). The holders of our common stock have equal ratable rights to dividends from funds legally available
if and when declared by our Board of Directors and are entitled to share pro-rata in all of our available assets for distribution to holders
of common stock upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up of our affairs; there are no preemptive, subscription or conversion rights
and there are no redemption or sinking fund provisions or rights. 

Our common stock is quoted on the NASDAQ OTC Bulletin
Board OTCBB under the symbol CNBX . As of November 28th, 2021, the Company s common stock was held by
76 shareholders of record, which does not include shares that are held in street or nominee name. 

Shareholders 

Our shares of common stock are issued in registered
form. The registrar and transfer agent for our shares of common stock is ClearTrust LLC, 16540 Pointe Village Dr. Suite 210, Lutz, FL
33558; (813) 235-4490. 

On November 15 th , 2021, the shareholders'
list of our shares of common stock showed 76 registered holders of our shares of common stock and 148,661,247 shares of common stock outstanding.
The number of record holders was determined from the records of our transfer agent and does not include beneficial owners of shares of
common stock whose shares are held in the names of various security brokers, dealers, and registered clearing agencies, which as of last
quarter was in excess of 35,000. 

Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

During the years ended August 31, 2021, and August
31, 2020, there were no repurchases of the Company s common stock by the Company. 

Dividend Policy 

Our board of directors may declare and pay dividends
on outstanding shares of common stock out of funds legally available there for in our sole discretion; however, to date no dividends have
been declared or paid on common stock. 

44 

Indemnification of Directors and Officers 

Nevada Corporation Law allows for the indemnification
of officers, directors, and any corporate agents in terms sufficiently broad to indemnify such persons under certain circumstances for
liabilities, including reimbursement for expenses, incurred arising under the 1933 Act. The Bylaws of the Company provide that the Company
will indemnify its directors and officers to the fullest extent authorized or permitted by law and such right to indemnification will
continue as to a person who has ceased to be a director or officer of the Company and will inure to the benefit of his or her heirs, executors
and Consultants; provided, however, that, except for proceedings to enforce rights to indemnification, the Company will not be obligated
to indemnify any director or officer in connection with a proceeding (or part thereof) initiated by such person unless such proceeding
(or part thereof) was authorized by the Board of Directors. The right to indemnification conferred will include the right to be paid by
the Company the expenses (including attorney s fees) incurred in defending any such proceeding in advance of its final disposition. 

The Company may, to the extent authorized from
time to time by the Board of Directors, provide rights to indemnification and to the advancement of expenses to employees and agents of
the Company similar to those conferred to directors and officers of the Company. The rights to indemnification and to the advancement
of expenses are subject to the requirements of the 1940 Act to the extent applicable. 

Furthermore, the Company may maintain insurance,
at its expense, to protect itself and any director, officer, employee or agent of the Company or another company against any expense,
liability or loss, whether or not the Company would have the power to indemnify such person against such expense, liability or loss under
the Nevada General Corporation Law. 

Anti-Takeover Provisions Under the Nevada Revised Statutes 

Certain provisions of Nevada law, and our Articles
of Incorporation and our Bylaws, each as amended and subject, where applicable as described below, our opting out of certain provisions
of Nevada law, contain provisions that could make the following transactions more difficult: acquisition of us by means of a tender offer;
acquisition of us by means of a proxy contest or otherwise; or removal of our incumbent officers and directors. It is possible that these
provisions could make it more difficult to accomplish or could deter transactions that stockholders may otherwise consider to be in their
best interest or in our best interests, including transactions that might result in a premium over the market price for our shares. 

These provisions, summarized below, are expected
to discourage coercive takeover practices and inadequate takeover bids. These provisions are also designed to encourage persons seeking
to acquire control of us to first negotiate with our board of directors. We believe that the benefits of increased protection of our potential
ability to negotiate with the proponent of an unfriendly or unsolicited proposal to acquire or restructure us outweigh the disadvantages
of discouraging these proposals because negotiation of these proposals could result in an improvement of their terms. 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 

None. 

Penny Stock Regulation 

Our shares must comply with the Penny Stock Reform
Act of 1990, which may potentially decrease our shareholders ability to easily transfer their shares. Broker-dealer practices in
connection with transactions in penny stocks are regulated. Penny stocks generally are equity securities with a price of less
than 5.00. The penny stock rules require a broker-dealer, prior to a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from the rules,
to deliver a standardized risk disclosure document that provides information about penny stocks and the risks in the penny stock market.
The broker-dealer also must provide the customer with current bid and offer quotations for the penny stock, the compensation of the broker-dealer
and its salesperson in the transaction, and monthly account statements showing the market value of each penny stock held in the customer's
account. In addition, the penny stock rules generally require that prior to a transaction in a penny stock, the broker-dealer make a special
written determination that the penny stock is a suitable investment for the purchaser and receive the purchaser's written agreement to
the transaction. These disclosure requirements may have the effect of reducing the level of trading activity in the secondary market for
a stock that must comply with the penny stock rules. Since our shares must comply with such penny stock rules, our shareholders will in
all likelihood find it more difficult to sell their securities. 

45 

Item 6. Selected Financial Data 

We are a smaller reporting company as defined
by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information required under this item. 

Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

THE FOLLOWING DISCUSSION SHOULD BE READ IN CONJUNCTION
WITH OUR AUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND THE RELATED NOTES THAT APPEAR ELSEWHERE IN THIS ANNUAL REPORT. THE FOLLOWING DISCUSSION CONTAINS
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS THAT REFLECT OUR PLANS, ESTIMATES AND BELIEFS. OUR ACTUAL RESULTS COULD DIFFER MATERIALLY FROM THOSE DISCUSSED
IN THE FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS. FACTORS THAT COULD CAUSE OR CONTRIBUTE TO SUCH DIFFERENCES INCLUDE THOSE DISCUSSED BELOW AND ELSEWHERE
IN THIS ANNUAL REPORT. 

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

Certain statements made in this report may constitute
 forward-looking statements on our current expectations and projections about future events . These forward-looking statements
involve known or unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause the actual results, performance, or achievements of the
Company to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements.
In some cases you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as may, should, potential, 
 continue, expects, anticipates, intends, plans, believes, 
 estimates, and similar expressions. These statements are based on our current beliefs, expectations, and assumptions and
are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties. Although we believe that the expectations reflected-in the forward-looking statements
are reasonable, we cannot guarantee future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements. These forward-looking statements
are made as of the date of this report, and we assume no obligation to update these forward-looking statements whether as a result of
new information, future events, or otherwise, other than as required by law. In light of these assumptions, risks, and uncertainties,
the forward-looking events discussed in this report might not occur and actual results and events may vary significantly from those discussed
in the forward-looking statements. 

Overview 

The Company was incorporated in the State of Nevada,
on September 15, 2004, as Thrust Energy Corp. On May 5, 2011, the Company changed its name to American Mining Company. Our principal offices
are in Bethesda, Maryland. On May 21st, 2014 the Company changed its name to its current Cannabics Pharmaceuticals Inc. 

The Company was originally engaged in the exploration,
development and production of oil and gas projects within North America, but was unable to operate profitably. In May 2011, the Company
suspended its oil and gas operations and changed its business to toll milling and refining and mine development. As of April 2014, the
Company has changed its course of business to Biotechnology Pharmaceutical development. As such, the Company has divested itself of its
former mining properties. 

Financing 

We will require additional financing to implement
our business plan, which may include joint venture projects and debt or equity financings. The nature of this enterprise and lack of positive
cash flow places debt financing beyond the credit-worthiness required by most banks or typical investors of corporate debt until such
time as an economically viable profits and losses can be demonstrated. Therefore any debt financing of our activities may be costly and
result in substantial dilution to our stockholders. 

Future financing through equity investments is
likely to be dilutive to existing stockholders. Also, the terms of securities we may issue in future capital transactions may be more
favorable for our new investors. Newly issued securities may include preferences, superior voting rights, and the issuance of warrants
or other derivative securities, which may have additional dilutive effects. Further, we may incur substantial costs in pursuing future
capital and financing, including investment banking fees, legal fees, accounting fees, and other costs. We may also be required to recognize
non-cash expenses in connection with certain securities we may issue, such as convertible notes and warrants, which will adversely impact
our financial condition. 

46 

Our ability to obtain needed financing may be
impaired by such factors as the capital markets, both generally and specifically in the bio-pharma industry, and the fact that we have
not been profitable to date, which could impact the availability or cost of future financings. If the amount of capital we are able to
raise from financing activities, together with our revenue from operations, is not sufficient to satisfy our capital needs, even to the
extent that we reduce our operations accordingly, we may be required to cease operations. 

There is no assurance that we will be able to
obtain financing on terms satisfactory to us, or at all. We do not have any arrangements in place for any future financing. If we are
unable to secure additional funding, we may cease or suspend operations. We have no plans, arrangements or contingencies in place in the
event that we cease operations. 

Results of Operations 

Year ended August 31, 2021 compared to the
year ended August 31, 2020 

Revenues 

We had no revenues for the year ended August 31,
2021, compared to 7,157 for the year ended August 31, 2020. The reason for the decrease in revenues is due to a termination of a previous
royalties agreement. 

Operating and Other Expenses 

For the year ended August 31, 2021, our total
operating expenses were 2,600,177 compared to 3,050,609 for the year ended August 31, 2020. The decrease is attributable mainly to sales
and marketing expenses of 39,752, decrease in general and administrative of 499,751, and increase in research and development expenditures
of 89,071. The decrease in the general and administrative expenses attributed mainly to the professional expenses of 340,649, Salary
expenses of 77,901, Stock based compensation of 38,353and Insurance of 46,242. 

The net loss for the year ended August 31, 2021,
was 3,194, 447 compared to net Income of 7,467, 463 for the year ended August 31, 2020. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

Overview 

For the years ended August 31, 2021, as well as
August 31, 2020, we funded our operations through issuance of common stock and advances from our majority shareholder. Our principal use
of funds during the year ended August 31, 2021, has been for laboratory and clinical research relating to our proprietary materials normative
corporate operating expenses. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources during the
year ended August 31, 2021 compared to the year ended August 31, 2020 

As of August 31, 2021, we had 1,386,472 cash
compared to 777,611 as of August 31, 2020. The Company used cash in operations of 2,492,913 for the year ended August 31, 2021, compared
to cash used in operations of 2,774,955 for the year ended August 31, 2020. 

During the year ended August 31, 2021, the Company's
investing earned totaled 645,968. This compares to net cash used for investing activities in the year ended August 31, 2020, in the amount
of 3,286,584. The difference reflects primarily of realized held for trading investments and purchase of fixed assets. 

During the year ended August 31, 2021, the company
had net cash earned from financing activities in the year ended August 31, 2021, in the amount of 2,456,750. This compares to non in
the year ended August 31, 2020. 

47 

Year ended August 31, 2020 compared to the
year ended August 31, 2019 

Revenues 

The revenues for the year ended August 31, 2020
totaled to 7,157 compared to 9,843 for the year ended August 31, 2019. 

Operating and Other Expenses 

For the year ended August 31, 2020 our total operating
expenses were 3,050,609 compared to 3,313,450 for the year ended August 31, 2019. The decrease is attributable mainly to sales and marketing
expenses of 228,166, decrease in general and administrative of 173,378, and increase in research and development expenditures of 138,702.
The decrease in the sales and marketing expenses attributed mainly to the company PR services of 21,665, had none travel abroad and conferences
expenses for the year ended August 31, 2020 comparing to 125,672 and 51,817 respectively for the year ended August 31, 2019. 

The net loss for the year ended August 31, 2020,
was 7,467, 463 compared to net Income of 1,132,970 for the year ended August 31, 2019. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources during the
year ended August 31, 2020 compared to the year ended August 31, 2019 

As of August 31, 2020, we had 777,611 in cash compared to 265,982
as of August 31, 2019. The Company used cash in operations of 2,774,954 for the year ended August 31, 2020 compared to cash used in operations
of 3,093,782 for the year ended August 31, 2019. 

During the year ended August 31, 2020, the Company's investing earned
totaled 3,286,584. This compares to net cash used for investing activities in the year ended August 31, 2019 in the amount of 5,251,115.
The difference reflects primarily of realized held for trading investments and purchase of fixed assets. 

During the year ended August 31, 2020, the Company's
had no financing activities. This compares to net cash earned from financing activities in the year ended August 31, 2020 in the amount
of 7,217,270. 

Going Concern 

Our independent auditors included an explanatory
paragraph in their report on the accompanying consolidated financial statements regarding concerns about our ability to continue as a
going concern. Our financial statements contain additional note disclosures describing the circumstances that lead to this disclosure
by our independent auditors. 

Our financial statements have been prepared on
a going concern basis, which assumes the realization of assets and settlement of liabilities in the normal course of business. Our ability
to continue as a going concern is dependent upon our ability to generate profitable operations in the future and/or to obtain the necessary
financing to meet our obligations and repay our liabilities arising from normal business operations when they become due. The outcome
of these matters cannot be predicted with any certainty at this time and raise substantial doubt that we will be able to continue as a
going concern. Our financial statements do not include any adjustments to the amount and classification of assets and liabilities that
may be necessary should we be unable to continue as a going concern. 

There is no assurance that our operations will
be profitable. The Company has conducted private placements of its common stock, which have generated funds to satisfy the initial cash
requirements of its planned Nevada exploration ventures. Our continued existence and plans for future growth depend on our ability to
obtain the additional capital necessary to operate either through the generation of revenue or the issuance of additional debt or equity. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

We currently have no off-balance sheet arrangements
that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future material effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition,
revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources. 

48 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures
About Market Risk. 

We are a smaller reporting company as defined
by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information required under this item. 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary
Data. 

Index 
 Page 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Weinstein International CPA 
 F-1 

Consolidated Financial Statements 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of August 31, 2021 and 2020 
 F-2 

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended August 31, 2021 and 2020 
 F-3 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended August 31, 2021 and 2020 
 F-4 

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity (Deficit) for the Years Ended August 31, 2021 and 2020 
 F-5 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-6 

49 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of Cannabics Pharmaceuticals
Inc. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated
balance sheets of Cannabics Pharmaceuticals Inc. the Company as of August 31, 2021, and 2020 and the related statements
of operations, changes in stockholders' deficit and cash flows, for each of the years ended August 31, 2021 and 2020, and the related
notes and schedules (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present
fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of August 31, 2021, and 2020, and the results of its operations
and its cash flows for each of the periods ended August 31, 2021 and 2020, in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles
in the United States of America. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audits. We
are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are
required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and
regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The company is not required to have, nor were we engaged
to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal
control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Going Concern 

The accompanying financial statements have been
prepared assuming the Company will continue as a going concern. As more fully described in Note 1, the Company has incurred significant
losses and needs to raise additional funds to meet its obligations and sustain its operations. These conditions raise substantial doubt
about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern. Management's plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 1.
These financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

/ s/ Weinstein International. C.P.A. 

We have served as the Company's auditor since 2019. 

Tel - Aviv, Israel 
November 25, 2021 

F- 1 

CANNABICS PHARMACEUTICALS INC. 

 Audited Consolidated Balance Sheets 

August 31, 
 August 31, 

2021 
 2020 
 
 ASSETS 

Current assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 
 1,386,472 
 777,611 
 
 Prepaid expenses and other receivables 
 204,375 
 152,299 
 
 Total current assets 
 1,590,847 
 929,910 

Available for sale Investment 
 845,218 
 426,522 

Equipment, net 
 642,896 
 862,879 

Total assets 
 3,078,961 
 2,219,311 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 
 177,505 
 231,142 
 
 Convertible loan 
 871,896 

Due to a related party 
 223,645 
 223,645 
 
 Total current liabilities 
 1,273,046 
 454,787 

Stockholders' equity (deficit): 

Preferred stock, .0001 par value, 5,000,000 shares authorized no shares issued and outstanding. 

Common stock, .0001 par value, 900,000,000 shares authorized,
 148,661,247 and 135,080,441 shares issued and outstanding at August 31, 2021 and August 31, 2020 respectively. 
 14,475 
 13,508 
 
 Additional paid-in capital 
 17,063,363 
 15,372,311 
 
 Issuance of warrants 
 3,459,510 
 2,784,387 
 
 Other comprehensive income 
 (1,905,715 
 (2,774,411 
 
 Accumulated deficit 
 (16,825,718 
 (13,631,271 
 
 Total stockholders' equity (deficit) 
 1,805,915 
 1,764,524 

Total liabilities and stockholders' equity 
 3,078,961 
 2,219,311 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
the financial statements 

F- 2 

CANNABICS PHARMACEUTICALS INC. 

 Audited Consolidated Statements of Operations 

For the Year Ended August 31, 

2021 
 2020 
 
 Net revenue 
 
 7,157 

Operating expenses: 

Research and development expense 
 1,771,533 
 1,682,462 
 
 Sales and marketing expenses 
 20,245 
 59,997 
 
 General and administrative expenses 
 808,399 
 1,308,150 

Total operating expenses 
 2,600,177 
 3,050,609 

Loss from operations 
 (2,600,177 
 (3,043,451 
 
 Other income 

Financial (loss) income, net 
 (594,270 
 (4,424,012 

Net (loss) income 
 (3,194,447 
 (7,467,464 

(Loss) Profit from available for sale assets 
 868,696 
 (5,584,424 

Total comprehensive (loss) income 
 (2,325,751 
 (13,051,887 

Net (loss) per share - basic and diluted: 
 (0.02 
 (0.10 

Weighted average number of shares outstanding - Basic and Diluted 
 138,519,509 
 134,551,721 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
the financial statements. 

F- 3 

CANNABICS PHARMACEUTICALS INC. 

 Audited Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

For the year Ended August 31, 

2021 
 2020 
 
 Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net (Loss) Profit 
 (3,194,447 
 (7,467,464 
 
 Adjustments required to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Depreciation 
 220,926 
 215,155 
 
 Royalties receivables valuation 
 
 4,363,000 
 
 Stock issued for services 
 33,767 
 72,120 
 
 Convertible loan valuation 
 706,862 

Profit from held for trading investments 
 
 (105,876 
 
 Capital Gain 
 (195,968 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts Receivable and prepaid expenses 
 (10,418 
 132,197 
 
 Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 
 (53,635 
 15,913 
 
 Net cash used in operating activities 
 (2,492,913 
 (2,774,955 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Available for sale investments 
 645,968 

Held for trading Investments 
 
 3,362,332 
 
 Acquisition of equipment 
 (943 
 (75,748 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities 
 645,025 
 3,286,584 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Proceeds from issuance of a Convertible loan 
 2,456,750 

Net cash provided by financing activities 
 2,456,750 

Net increase (decrease) in cash 
 608,862 
 511,629 

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year 
 777,611 
 265,982 

Cash and cash equivalents at end of the year 
 1,386,473 
 777,611 

Significant non-cash transactions: 

Exercise of a Convertible loan to shares of common stock. 
 1,340,103 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
the financial statements. 

F- 4 

CANNABICS PHARMACEUTICALS INC. 

 Audited Consolidated Statements of Stockholders'
Equity (Deficit) 

Common stock 
 Additional paid in 
 
 Accumulated 
 Total stockholders' equity 

Shares 
 Amount 
 capital 
 Warrants 
 deficit 
 (deficit) 
 
 Balance, August 31, 2020 
 134,498,775 
 13,450 
 15,300,249 
 2,784,387 
 (6,163,807 
 14,744,292 

Issuance of common stock for services 
 581,666 
 58 
 72,062 

72,120 

Other comprehensive profit 

(5,584,424 

Net loss for the year ended August 31, 2021 

(7,467,464 
 (7,467,464 

Balance, August 31, 2021 
 135,080,441 
 13,508 
 15,372,311 
 2,784,387 
 (13,631,271 
 1,764,524 

Issuance of common stock for services 
 367,143 
 37 
 75,388 

75,425 

Issuance of warrants 

675,123 
 
 675,123 

Exercise of a Convertible loan to shares of common stock. 
 9,300,000 
 930 
 1,615,664 

1,616,594 

Other comprehensive profit 

868,696 

Net loss for the year ended August 31, 2021 

(3,194,447 
 (3,194,447 

Balance, August 31, 2021 
 144,747,584 
 14,475 
 17,063,363 
 3,459,510 
 (16,825,718 
 1,805,915 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
the financial statements. 

F- 5 

CANNABICS PHARMACEUTICALS INC. 

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 As of August 31, 2021 

Note 1 Nature of Business, Presentation
and Going Concern 

Organization 

Cannabics Pharmaceuticals Inc. (the Company ),
was incorporated in the State of Nevada, on September 15, 2004, under the name of Thrust Energy Corp. The Company was originally engaged
in the exploration, exploitation, development and production of oil and gas projects within North America, but was unable to operate profitably. 

In May 2011, the Company changed its name to American
Mining Corporation, suspending its oil and gas operations and changing its business to toll milling and refining, mineral exploration
and mine development. 

On April 25, 2014, the Company experienced a change
in control. Cannabics, Inc. Cannabics acquired a majority of the issued and outstanding common stock of the Company in
accordance with stock purchase agreements by and between Cannabics and Thomas Mills Mills ). On the closing date, April
25, 2014, pursuant to the terms of the Stock Purchase Agreement, Cannabics purchased from Mills 41,000,000 shares of the Company s
outstanding restricted common stock for 198,000, representing 51 . 

On May 21, 2014, the Company changed its name,
via merger in the state of Nevada, to Cannabics Pharmaceuticals Inc. The Company s principle offices are in Bethesda, Maryland.
As of May 21, 2014, the Company has changed its course of business to laboratory research and development. 

On August 25, 2014, the Company organized G.R.I.N.
Ultra Ltd. GRIN ), an Israeli corporation, as a wholly-owned subsidiary. GRIN will provide research and development activities
for the Company s products in Israel. 

Stock Split 

On June 3, 2014, the Company s Board of
Directors declared a two-to-one forward stock split of all outstanding shares of common stock. The stock split was approved by FINRA on
June 25, 2014. The effect of the stock split increased the number of shares of common stock outstanding from 40,880,203 to 81,760,406.
All common share and per common share data in these financial statements and related notes hereto have been retroactively adjusted to
account for the effect of the stock split for all periods presented prior to June 3, 2014. The total number of authorized common shares
and the par value thereof was not changed by the split. 

Basis of Presentation 

The accompanying consolidated financial statements
have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America and the rules and regulations
of the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). 

Note 1 Nature of Business, Presentation
and Going Concern (Continued) 

Going Concern 

The accompanying financial statements have been
prepared on a going concern basis, which contemplates the realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course
of business. The Company has incurred a net loss of 3,194,447 for the year ended August 31, 2021 and has incurred cumulative losses since
inception of 16,825,718. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the ability of the Company to continue as a going concern. 

F- 6 

The Company s continuation as a going concern
is dependent upon its ability to generate revenues, its ability to continue to raise investment capital, and implementing its business
plan. No assurance can be given that the Company will be successful in these efforts. 

These financial statements do not include any
adjustments relating to the recoverability and classification of recorded asset amounts or the amounts and classification of liabilities
that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. Management believes that actions presently being
taken to obtain additional funding and implement its strategic plans provide the opportunity for the Company to continue as a going concern.
No assurance can be given that the Company will be successful in these efforts. 

Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting
Policies 

Functional currency 

The currency of the primary economic environment
in which the operations of the Company and its Subsidiary are conducted is the U.S. dollar or dollar ).
Therefore, the functional currency of the Company and its Subsidiary is the dollar. 

Transactions and balances denominated in dollars
are presented at their original amounts. Non-dollar transactions and balances have been re-measured to dollars in accordance with the
provisions of ASC 830-10 (formerly Statement of Financial Accounting Standard 52), Foreign Currency Translation . All transaction
gains and losses from re-measurement of monetary balance sheet items denominated in non-dollar currencies are reflected in the statement
of operations as financial income or expenses, as appropriate. 

Use of Estimates 

The preparation of financial statements in conformity
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that
affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial
statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.
Significant estimates in the accompanying financial statements include the amortization period for intangible assets, impairment valuation
of intangible assets, valuation of share-based payments and the valuation allowance on deferred tax assets. 

Principles of Consolidation 

The consolidated financial statements include
the accounts of Cannabics Pharmaceutical Inc. and its wholly-owned subsidiary, G.R.I.N. Ultra Ltd. All significant inter-company balances
and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. 

Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting
Policies (Continued) 

Cash and Cash Equivalents 

The Company considers all highly liquid temporary
cash investments with an original maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents. At August 31, 2021 and 2020, cash equivalents
consisted of bank accounts held at financial institutions. 

Concentration of Credit Risk 

The Company places its cash and cash equivalents
with high credit quality financial institutions. There is Federal Deposit Insurance on the Company s U.S. bank accounts. 

F- 7 

Equipment, net 

Equipment at August 31, 2021 consists of computer
equipment, office equipment and cars recorded at cost. Expenditures for major additions and betterments are capitalized. Maintenance and
repairs are charged to operations as incurred. Depreciation of property and equipment is computed by the straight-line method (after taking
into account their respective estimated residual values) over the assets estimated useful lives of 3 years for computer equipment, 14
years for office equipment and 7 years for cars. Upon sale or retirement of property and equipment, the related cost and accumulated depreciation
are removed from the accounts and any gain or loss is reflected in the consolidated statements of operations. 

Depreciation expense was 220,926 and 215,155
for the years ended August 31, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 

Revenue recognition 

Revenue is recognized when delivery has occurred,
evidence of an arrangement exists, title and risks and rewards for the products are transferred to the customer, collection is reasonably
assured and product returns can be reliably estimated. 

Revenue from license agreements is recognized over the periods from
which the Company is entitled to the respective payments. 

Impairment or Disposal of Long-Lived Assets 

The Company accounts for the impairment or disposal
of long-lived assets according to the Financial Accounting Standards Board s FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC 360 Property, Plant and Equipment . ASC 360 clarifies the accounting for the impairment of long-lived
assets and for long-lived assets to be disposed of, including the disposal of business segments and major lines of business. Long-lived
assets are reviewed when facts and circumstances indicate that the carrying value of the asset may not be recoverable. When necessary,
impaired assets are written down to estimated fair value based on the best information available. Estimated fair value is generally based
on either appraised value or measured by discounting estimated future cash flows. Considerable management judgment is necessary to estimate
discounted future cash flows. Accordingly, actual results could vary significantly from such estimates. 

Fair Value of Financial Instruments 

The following provides an analysis of financial
instruments that are measured subsequent to initial recognition at fair value, grouped into Levels 1 to 3 based on the degree to which
fair value is observable: 

Level 1 - fair value measurements are those derived
from quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities; 

Level 2 - fair value measurements are those derived
from inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly (i.e. as
prices) or indirectly (i.e. derived from prices); and 

Level 3 - fair value measurements are those derived
from valuation techniques that include inputs for the asset or liability that are not based on observable market data (unobservable inputs). 

Fair value estimates discussed herein are based
upon certain market assumptions and pertinent information available to management as of August 31, 2021 and 2020. The respective carrying
value of certain on-balance-sheet financial instruments approximated their fair values due to the short-term nature of these instruments. 

The Company applied ASC 820 for all non-financial
assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis. The adoption of ASC 820 for non-financial assets and liabilities
did not have a significant impact on the Company s financial statements. 

As of August 31, 2021, the fair values of the
Company s level 1 financial instruments are in total of 845,218. And none of level 3 investments. As of August 31, 2021, the fair
values of the Company s financial instruments approximate their historical carrying amount. 

F- 8 

Research and development, net 

Research and development expenses include costs
directly attributable to the conduct of research and development programs, including the cost of salaries, employee benefits, the cost
of supplies, the cost of services provided by outside contractors, including services related to the Company s clinical trials,
clinical trial expenses and the full cost of manufacturing product for use in research and preclinical development. All costs associated
with research and developments are expensed as incurred. 

Clinical trial costs are a significant component
of research and development expenses and include costs associated with third-party contractors. The Company outsources a substantial portion
of its clinical trial activities, utilizing external entities such as Contract Research Organizations, independent clinical investigators,
and other third-party service providers to assist the Company with the execution of its clinical studies. For each clinical trial that
the Company conducts, clinical trial costs are expensed immediately. 

Stock Based Compensation 

The Company accounts for Stock-Based Compensation
under ASC 718 Compensation Stock Compensation , which addresses the accounting for transactions in which an entity
exchanges its equity instruments for goods or services, with a primary focus on transactions in which an entity obtains employee services
in share-based payment transactions. ASC 718-10 requires measurement of the cost of employee services received in exchange for an award
of equity instruments based on the grant-date fair value of the award. Incremental compensation costs arising from subsequent modifications
of awards after the grant date must be recognized. 

The Company accounts for stock-based compensation
awards to non-employees in accordance with ASC 505-50, Equity-Based Payments to Non-Employees. Under ASC 505-50, the Company determines
the fair value of the warrants or stock-based compensation awards granted as either the fair value of the consideration received or the
fair value of the equity instruments issued, whichever is more reliably measurable. Any stock options or warrants issued to non-employees
are recorded in expense and additional paid-in capital in shareholders' deficit over the applicable service periods using variable accounting
through the vesting dates based on the fair value of the options or warrants at the end of each period. 

The Company issues stock to consultants for various
services. The costs for these transactions are measured at the fair value of the consideration received or the fair value of the equity
instruments issued, whichever is more reliably measurable. The value of the common stock is measured at the earlier of (i) the date at
which a firm commitment for performance by the counterparty to earn the equity instruments is reached or (ii) the date at which the counterparty's
performance is complete. The Company recognized consulting expense and a corresponding increase to additional paid-in-capital related
to stock issued for services. 

Income Taxes 

Income taxes are accounted for under the liability
method of accounting for income taxes. Under the liability method, future tax liabilities and assets are recognized for the estimated
future tax consequences attributable to differences between the amounts reported in the financial statement carrying amounts of assets
and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Future tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted or substantially enacted
income tax rates expected to apply when the asset is realized or the liability settled. The effect of a change in income tax rates on
future income tax liabilities and assets is recognized in income in the period that the change occurs. Future income tax assets are recognized
to the extent that they are considered more likely than not to be realized. 

The FASB has issued ASC 740 Income Taxes .
ASC 740 clarifies the accounting for uncertainty in income taxes recognized in an enterprise s financial statements. This standard
requires a company to determine whether it is more likely than not that a tax position will be sustained upon examination based upon the
technical merits of the position. 

If the more-likely-than-not threshold is met,
a company must measure the tax position to determine the amount to recognize in the financial statements. 

As a result of the implementation of this standard,
the Company performed a review of its material tax positions in accordance with recognition and measurement standards established by ASC
740 and concluded that the tax position of the Company has not met the more-likely-than-not threshold as of August 31, 2021. 

F- 9 

Comprehensive Income 

The Company adopted ASC 220, Comprehensive
Income which establishes standards for reporting and display of comprehensive income, its components and accumulated balances. The
Company is disclosing this information on its Statement of Stockholders' Equity. Comprehensive income comprises equity except those resulting
from investments by owners and distributions to owners. The Company has no elements of other comprehensive income for the
years ended August 31, 2021, and 2020. 

Basic and Diluted Loss per Share 

The Company computes income (loss) per share in
accordance with ASC 260, Earnings per Share , which requires presentation of both basic and diluted earnings per share EPS on the face of the statement of operations. Basic EPS is computed by dividing income (loss) available to common shareholders by the weighted
average number of shares outstanding during the period. Diluted EPS gives effect to all dilutive potential shares of common stock outstanding
during the period using the treasury stock method and convertible preferred stock using the if-converted method. In computing diluted
EPS, the average stock price for the period is used in determining the number of shares assumed to be purchased from the exercise of stock
options or warrants. Diluted EPS excludes all dilutive potential shares if their effect is anti-dilutive. As of August 31, 2021, and 2020,
the potentially dilutive shares were anti-dilutive. 

Segment Information 

In accordance with the provisions of ASC 280-10,
 Disclosures about Segments of an Enterprise and Related Information , the Company is required to report financial and descriptive
information about its reportable operating segments. The Company does not consider itself to have any operating segments as of August
31, 2021, and 2020. 

Reclassification 

Certain amounts in the prior period financial
statements have been reclassified to conform to the current period presentation. 

Note 3 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 

In February 2015, the Financial Accounting Standards
Board (the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update ASU 2015-02, Consolidation (Topic 810): Amendments
to the Consolidation Analysis , which provides guidance in evaluating entities for inclusion in consolidations. ASU 2015-02 is effective
for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2015. The Company does not believe the adoption of ASU 2015-02 will have a material effect
on its consolidated financial statements. 

In June 2014, the FASB issued Accounting Standards
Update ASU No. 2014-10 ASU 2014-10 ), Development Stage Entities (Topic 915), Elimination of Certain
Financial Reporting Requirements, Including an Amendment to Variable Interest Entities Guidance in Topic 810, Consolidation. The objective
of the amendments in this Update is to improve financial reporting by reducing the cost and complexity associated with incremental reporting
requirements for development stage entities. The amendments in this Update also eliminate an exception provided to development stage entities
in Topic 810, Consolidation, for determining whether an entity is a variable interest entity on the basis of the amount of investment
equity at risk. The amendments related to the elimination of inception-to-date information and the other remaining disclosure requirements
of Topic 915 should be applied retrospectively except for the clarification to Topic 275, which shall be applied prospectively. These
amendments are effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2014, and interim periods therein. 

The amendment eliminating the exception to the
sufficiency-of-equity-at-risk criterion for development stage entities in paragraph 810-10-15-16 should be applied retrospectively for
annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2015 and interim periods therein. Early application of each of the amendments is
permitted for any annual reporting period or interim period for which the entity s financial statements have not yet been issued.
The Company has adopted ASU 2014-10 in the fourth quarter of 2014 and does not expect this adoption to have a material impact on its consolidated
financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 

F- 10 

In August 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-15,
 Presentation of Financial Statements-Going Concern (Subtopic 205-40), Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to
Continue as a Going Concern. The objective of the amendments in this Update is to provide guidance on determining when and how to
disclose going-concern uncertainties in the financial statements. The new standard requires management to perform interim and annual assessments
of an entity s ability to continue as a going concern within one year of the date the financial statements are issued. An entity
must provide certain disclosures if conditions or events raise substantial doubt about the entity s ability to continue as
a going concern. The ASU applies to all entities and is effective for annual periods ending after December 15, 2017, and interim
periods thereafter, with early adoption permitted. The Company is evaluating the impact of ASU 2014-15 on its consolidated financial condition,
results of operations and cash flows. 

In September 2015, the Financial Accounting Standards
Board FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2015-16 (ASU 2015-16) Simplifying the Accounting for Measurement
Period Adjustments . ASU 2015-16 require that an acquirer recognize adjustments to provisional amounts that are identified during
the measurement period in the reporting period in which the adjustment amounts are determined. The amendments in ASU 2015-16 require
that the acquirer record, in the same period s financial statements, the effect on earnings of changes in depreciation, amortization,
or other income effects, if any, as a result of the change to the provisional amounts, calculated as if the accounting had been completed
at the acquisition date. The amendments in ASU 2015-16 require an entity to present separately on the face of the income statement or
disclose in the notes the portion of the amount recorded in current-period earnings by line item that would have been recorded in previous
reporting periods if the adjustment to the provisional amounts had been recognized as of the acquisition date. For public business entities,
the amendments in ASU 2015-16 are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2015, including interim periods within those
fiscal years. The amendments in ASU 2015-16 should be applied prospectively to adjustments to provisional amounts that occur after the
effective date of this update with earlier application permitted for financial statements that have not been issued. For all other entities,
the amendments in ASU 2015-16 are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, and interim periods within fiscal years
beginning after December 15, 2017. The amendments in ASU 2015-16 should be applied prospectively to adjustments to provisional amounts
that occur after the effective date of this update with earlier application permitted for financial statements that have not yet been
made available for issuance. 

Note 4 Related Party Transactions 

During the year ended August 31, 2021, and August
31, 2020, the Company paid approximately of 878,781 and 595,000 as compensation to other officers and directors. 

Cannabics Inc. (the parent company) balance as
of August 31, 2021, and at August 31, 2020 was 223,645. The advance is due on demand and bears no interest. 

Note 5 Commitments and Contingencies 

As security for its obligation under a property
lease agreement, cars lease and credit cards of the Company s subsidiary provided a bank guarantee in the amount of 50,000. 

Note 6 Stockholders Equity (Deficit) 

Authorized Shares 

The Company is authorized to issue up to 900,000,000
shares of common stock par value 0.0001 per share. Each outstanding share of common stock entitles the holder to one vote per share on
all matters submitted to a stockholder vote. All shares of common stock are non-assessable and non-cumulative, with no pre-emptive rights.
The Company s initial Articled authorized 5,000,000 preferred shares at .0001 par value, no other attributes have been assigned
and no such shares have ever been issued. 

F- 11 

Common Stock 

During the year ended August 31, 2021, the Company
issued 367,143 shares of its common stock to 2 consultants for services rendered at a fair value of 75,425, or an average of 0.21 per
share. 

During the year ended August 31, 2021, the Company
issued 7,300,00 shares of its common stock to an investor as a result of a convertible loan exercise in the sum of 1,199,146. 

Note 7 Warrants 

1. 
 On September 24, 2018, as part of a securities purchase agreement the company issued 5,000,000 Warrants, to purchase common shares of the Company at 1.00 per share; said Warrants are valid for five years, expiring on August 24 th , 2023. 

The fair value of each warrant is approximately 0.556 and the total value of the 5,000,000 warrants is 2,784,387 

The fair value of the warrants are estimated using the Black Scholes option-pricing model with the following assumptions: 

PV of exercise Share price 
 
 1 
 
 Expected Volatility 
 
 102.0 
 
 Risk Free Interest Rate 
 
 1.58 
 
 Expected Term (years) 
 
 5 
 
 Expected Dividend Yield 
 
 0 

1. 
 On December 16, 2020, as part of a convertible loan agreement the company issued 5,500,000 Warrants, to purchase common shares of the Company at 0.50 per share; said Warrants are valid for three years, expiring on August 24 th , 2023. The first trench was received on December 22, 2020, the second trench was received on February 2,2021 and the third trench was received on April 23, 2021, in the total sum of 2,456,750 net of issuance expenses. 

The fair value of the first, second and third trenches are approximately 0.09, 0.09 and 0.1 respectively and the total value of the 5,500,000 warrants is 515,818 

The fair value of the warrants are estimated using the Black Scholes option-pricing model with the following assumptions: 

PV of exercise Share price 
 
 0.50 
 
 Expected Volatility 
 
 117.0 
 
 Risk Free Interest Rate 
 
 0.3 
 
 Expected Term (years) 
 
 3 
 
 Expected Dividend Yield 
 
 0 

2021 
 2020 
 2019 

Weighted Average Exercise 
 Weighted Average Exercise 
 Weighted Average Exercise 

Warrants 
 Price 
 Warrants 
 Price 
 Warrants 
 Price 
 
 Warrants outstanding as of September 1 
 5,000,000 
 1.00 
 5,300,000 
 1.00 
 500,000 
 1.00 
 
 Issued 
 5,500,000 
 0.50 

5,300,000 
 0.97 
 
 Exercised 

Expired 

(300,000 
 0.42 
 (1,000,000 
 2.00 
 
 Warrants outstanding as of August 31 
 10,500,000 
 0.74 
 5,000,000 
 1.00 
 5,300,000 
 0.97 

Warrants exercisable as of August 31 
 10,500,000 
 0.74 
 5,000,000 
 1.00 
 5,300,000 
 0.97 

The weighted average remaining contractual life
for the options outstanding as of August 31, 2021, was 3 years. 

F- 12 

Note 8 Income Taxes 

Taxes on income included in the consolidated
statements of operations represent current taxes due to taxable income of the Company and its Subsidiary. 

Corporate taxation in the U.S. 

The applicable corporate tax rate for the Company
is 21 . 

No provision for income tax was made for the period
from September 15, 2004 (Inception) to August 31, 2021, as the Company had cumulative operating losses. For the years ended August 31,
2021, and 2020, the Company incurred net losses for tax purposes of 2,229,392 and 1,114,659, respectively. Under U.S. tax laws, subject
to certain limitations, carry forward tax losses expire 20 years after the year in which incurred. In the case of the Company, subject
to potential limitations in accordance with the relevant law, the net loss carry forward will expire in the years 2032 through 2036. 

Corporate taxation in Israel: 

The Subsidiary is taxed in accordance with Israeli
tax laws. The corporate tax rate applicable to 2020 is 23 . 

In December 2016, the Israeli Parliament approved
the Economic Efficiency Law (Legislative Amendments for Applying the Economic Policy for the 2020 and 2020 Budget Years), which further
reduces the corporate income tax rate to 24 (instead of 25 effective from January 1, 2017, and to 23 effective from January 1, 2020. 

As of August 31, 2021, the Subsidiary has an accumulated
tax loss carry forward of approximately 7,833,000 (as of August 31, 2020, approximately 5,600,000). Under the Israeli tax laws, carry
forward tax losses have no expiration date. 

The income tax expense (benefit) differs from the amount computed by
applying the United States Statutory corporate income tax rate as follows: 

For the Year Ended August 31, 

2021 
 2020 
 
 United States statutory corporate income tax rate 
 21.0 
 21.0 
 
 Change in valuation allowance on deferred tax assets 
 -21.0 
 -21.0 

Provision for income tax 

Deferred income taxes reflect the tax effect of
temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for
tax purposes. The components of the net deferred income tax assets are approximately as follows: 

August 31, 

2021 
 2020 
 
 US Deferred income tax assets: 

Net operating loss carry forwards benefit 
 1,989,899 
 1,800,098 
 
 Valuation allowance 
 (1,989,899 
 (1,800,098 
 
 Net deferred income tax assets 

Outside US Deferred income tax assets: 

Net operating loss carry forwards benefit 
 2,336,025 
 1,845,645 
 
 Valuation allowance 
 (2,336,025 
 (1,845,645 

August 31, 

2021 
 2020 
 
 Consolidated Deferred income tax assets: 

Net operating loss carry forwards benefit 
 4,325,924 
 3,615,744 
 
 Valuation allowance 
 (4,325,924 
 (3,615,744 
 
 Net deferred income tax assets 

F- 13 

The amount taken into income as deferred income
tax assets must reflect that portion of the income tax loss carry forwards that is more likely than not to be realized from future operations.
The Company has established a full valuation allowance on its net deferred tax assets because of a lack of sufficient positive evidence
to support its realization. The valuation allowance increased by 710,180 and decreased 1,620, 901 for the years ended August 31, 2021,
and 2020, respectively. 

No provision for income taxes has been provided
in these financial statements due to the net loss for the years ended August 31, 2021 and 2020. At August 31, 2021, the Company has net
operating loss carry forwards of approximately 16,825,718 which expire commencing 2032. The potential tax benefit of these losses may
be limited due to certain change in ownership provisions under Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code IRS and similar
state provisions. 

IRS Section 382 places limitations (the Section
382 Limitation on the amount of taxable income which can be offset by net operating loss carry forwards after a change in control
(generally greater than 50 change in ownership) of a loss corporation. Generally, after a change in control, a loss corporation cannot
deduct operating loss carry forwards in excess of the Section 382 Limitation. Due to these change in ownership provisions,
utilization of the net operating loss and tax credit carry forwards may be subject to an annual limitation regarding their utilization
against taxable income in future periods. The Company has not concluded its analysis of Section 382 through August 31, 2021, but believes
the provisions will not limit the availability of losses to offset future income. 

The Company is subject to income taxes in the
U.S. federal jurisdiction and is subject to examination for a period of three years for current filings and indefinitely for any delinquent
filings. The tax regulations within each jurisdiction are subject to interpretation of related tax laws and regulations and require significant
judgment to apply. The Company estimates that the amount of penalties, if any, will not have a material effect on the results of operations,
cash flows or financial position. No provisions have been made in the financial statements for such penalties, if any. 

Note 9 Subsequent Events 

On October 18 th , 2021, the Company
filed two new provisional patent applications on Compositions and Methods for Treating Cancer 

On October 25 th , 2021, the Company
announced that Dr. Yonina Tova, internationally recognized radiation Oncologist, joined the Company s Board of Advisors. 

On November 4 th , 2021, the Company
announced that it selected Purisys to support its planned IND filings and Phase I/II (a) clinical trials. Purisys is a leading API manufacturer
for GMP grade APIs required for the manufacturing of the Company s RCC-33. 

On November 16 th , 2021, Mr. Sahul Yemal
was appointed as an Independent Board member and member of the Audit Committee. 

The Company has evaluated subsequent events
through the date the financial statements were issued and filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and has determined that there
are no other such events that warrant disclosure or recognition in the financial statements. 

Note 10 General administrate expenses 

For the year Ended August 31, 2021 
 For the year Ended August 31, 2020 
 
 Salaries and related expenses 
 142,685 
 220,586 
 
 Legal and professional fees 
 487,354 
 828,003 
 
 Consulting Stock based compensation 
 33,767 
 72,120 
 
 Insurance 
 57,147 
 103,389 
 
 Other expenses 
 87,446 
 84,051 

808,399 
 1,308,150 

F- 14 

Note 11 Financial (Income)
expenses 

For the year 
 Ended 
 August 31, 2021 
 For the year 
 Ended 
 August 31, 2020 
 
 Other financial expense 
 59,000 
 60,000 
 
 Interest and bank charges 
 2,391 
 8,134 
 
 Capital gain from selling of held for trading investments 
 
 (69,974 
 
 Capital gain from selling of available for sale investment 
 (195,968 

Loss (Gain) from convertible loan valuation 
 706,862 

Loss (Profit) from royalties valuation 
 
 4,363,000 
 
 Currency exchange differences loss (profit) 
 21,985 
 62,852 

594,270 
 4,424,012 

F- 15 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants
on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

None. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

The Company maintains a set of disclosure controls
and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Exchange Act) designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed
by the Company in reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the
time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms and is accumulated and communicated to the Company s management, including
the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. In accordance
with Rule 13a-15(b) of the Exchange Act, as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K, an evaluation was carried
out under the supervision and with the participation of the Company s management, including its Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial
Officer and the Audit Committee, of the effectiveness of its disclosure controls and procedures. The Audit Committee assessed, reviewed
and determined that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were effective as to this annual filing. Based on that evaluation,
The Board accepted and ratified the findings of the Audit Committee that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures, as of
August 31, 2021, the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K, were effective to provide reasonable assurance that
information required to be disclosed by the Company in reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed,
summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms and is accumulated and communicated to the
Company s management, including the Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, and Audit Committee as appropriate to allow
timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Management s Report on Internal Control
over Financial Reporting 

Our management is responsible for establishing
and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act).
Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed by, or under the supervision of, the issuer s principal executive
and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, and effected by the issuer s board of directors, management
and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of our financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Internal control over financial reporting
includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly
reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded
as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts
and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the Company; and
(iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Company s
assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial
reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject
to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that our degree of compliance with the policies
or procedures may deteriorate. 

Management assessed the effectiveness of the Company s
internal controls over financial reporting as of August 1, 2021, based on the framework in Internal Control Integrated Framework
(COSO 2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organization of the Treadway Commission. On the basis of that assessment, management
determined that our internal controls over financial reporting were effective as of that date. 

50 

Changes in Internal Control Over Financial
Reporting 

Since our previous annual report, the Company
has created an Audit Committee to better review our internal financial reporting. There were no other changes in our internal control
over financial reporting during the year ended August 31, 2021, that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect,
our internal control over financial reporting 

Limitations on the Effectiveness of Controls 

Our disclosure controls
and procedures and internal control over financial reporting are designed to provide reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives
as specified above. Management does not expect, however, that our disclosure controls and procedures or our internal control over financial
reporting will prevent or detect all error and fraud. Any control system, no matter how well designed and operated, is based upon certain
assumptions and can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that its objectives will be met. Further, no evaluation of controls
can provide absolute assurance that misstatements due to error will not occur or that all control issues and instances of inaccurate
entries, if any, within the Company have been detected. 

Item 9B. Other Information 

None. 

51 

PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers, Promoters
and Control Persons; Compliance With Section 16(A) of the Exchange Act 

The following individuals serves as Directors
and Executive Officers of the Company as of the date of this Annual Report. Directors of the Company hold office until the next annual
meeting of our shareholders or until their successors have been elected and qualified. Executive officers of the Company are appointed
by our board of directors and hold office until their death, resignation or removal from office. 

Director Independence 

The Board of Directors annually determines the
independence of each director and nominee for election as a director. The Board makes these determinations in accordance with The NASDAQ
Capital Market s NASDAQ s listing standards for the independence of Directors and the SEC s rules. 

In assessing director independence, the Board
considers, among other matters, the nature and extent of any business relationships, including transactions conducted, between the Company
and each director and between the Company and any organization for which one of our Directors is a Director or executive officer or with
which one of our directors is otherwise affiliated. 

The Board has affirmatively determined that Mr.
Shaul Yemal, Mr. Gil Feiler, and Inbar Maymon are independent. 

In accordance with NASDAQ requirements, our Board
is comprised of a majority of independent Directors and the Compensation and Audit Committees are comprised entirely of independent Directors. 

Name 
 
 Position 
 
 Age 
 
 Held Position Since 
 
 Dr. Eyal Ballan 
 
 CTO 
 
 48 
 
 April 29, 2014 
 
 Uri Ben-Or 
 
 CFO 
 
 50 
 
 November 05, 2016 
 
 Inbar Maymon 
 
 Independent Director 
 
 44 
 
 July 1, 2021 
 
 Gil Feiler 
 
 Independent Director 
 
 62 
 
 July 15, 2021 
 
 Shaul Yemal 
 
 Independent Director 
 
 73 
 
 November 16, 2021 
 
 Eyal Barad 
 
 Director, CEO 
 
 56 
 
 November 13, 2018 
 
 Gabriel Yariv 
 
 Director, Chair of Board 
 
 44 
 
 October 2, 2019 

Officer Qualifications: 

Dr. Eyal Ballan is a co-founder and our CTO. Dr.
Ballan holds a Ph.D. in Neurophysiology, EEG, Brain Wave Analysis and Cortical Connectivity. After obtaining his Ph.D. he was an entrepreneur
in the field of Biofeedback Studies and developed a Resonating Neuro-Feedback system. Dr. Ballan holds a M.Sc. from Tel-Aviv University
- Magna Cum Laude - in anticancer drug development. Dr. Ballan was part of the renowned research team which developed Salirasib (Treatment
for Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer). He is an expert in molecular biology, cell cultures and genomics with a focus towards identification
of anticancer compounds and delivery systems to tumors. He is a member of the American Neurology Association. 

Uri Ben-Or, is our CFO. Mr. Ben-Or is a licensed
CPA, MBA and has More than 15 years of experience as CFO of public and private companies in the life science and Medical Device Industry.
Uri has significant expertise in public Life Science companies traded on the TASE. In addition, Uri has strong finance, operation, and
business development background in both startups and public global companies in the US, Europe, and Israel including developing strategic
policy and guidance with respect to corporate structure and fundraising. 

Eyal Barad, is a co-founder, and our Director
and CEO. Mr. Barad brings over 20 years of executive managerial experience in successful technology ventures and was a pioneer in the
digital publishing industry in NYC. He has a BA in Economics International Relations from the Hebrew University in Jerusalem, and
an MBA with Honors from Haifa University. 

52 

Gabriel Yariv is our Chair and brings over
20 years of successful executive experience in the medical industry. Mr. Yariv was part of the founding group of BreathID, an
Oridion Medical business unit (now Medtronic) and its subsequent spinoff company, Exalenz Bioscience, which develops
and manufactures advanced non-invasive diagnostic medical devices for gastrointestinal and liver conditions. Mr. Yariv also
co-founded SimuTec, a medical simulation and training company in Brazil that develops and commercializes advanced personalized
Virtual Reality training programs for physicians. Mr. Yariv is actively engaged in non-profit and philanthropic activities including
ongoing business mentoring of entrepreneurs, founder of the Yariv Foundation for Leadership, and current member of the Friends
of the Israel Museum society. Mr. Yariv holds a BA (Cum Laude) in History, Philosophy Political science from Boston
University. 

Dr. Gil Feiler, is an Independent Director and
sits on the Compensation Committee. Mr. Feiler is a Director of the Bank of Georgia, formerly Board member of First International Bank
of Israel, advisor for the government of Ras Al Khaimah, UAE, Alumni of the US State Dept International Visitor Leadership Program, as
well as known author of numerous publications on regional economics and business relations. Mr. Feiler holds a BA, master s degree
and PhD from University of Tel Aviv. Mr. Feiler is also the head of the company s Advisory Board. 

Dr. Inbar Maymon-Pomeranchik is an Independent
Director and sits on both our Compensation and Audit Committees. Dr. Maymon-Pomeranchik is the founder CEO of AgChimedes Group
Ltd., a company focused on the convergence of science, innovation and investment in the field of food security; she also founded BioDiligence,
a biotech investment consultancy; Executive Director of Ananda Developments Pls (UK), an investment and operational firm that targets
medicinal cannabis derivatives for research and development; a Director of NRGene (Israel), a company that develops and commercializes
cutting-edge AI based genomic tools, and an Advisory Board member of Avida Global Ltd. (UK/Columbia), Avida is a leading licensed producer
of pharmaceutical grade cannabis extract for scientific and medical use. Dr. Maymon-Pomeranchik holds a PhD in plants science and molecular
biology from the Hebrew University (2008) and a Post Doctorate from the Weizmann Institute (2010). 

Shaul Yemal is an Independent Director and heads
our Audit Committee. Mr. Yemal served as Senior Economist in the Division of Economic Consulting for the Ministry of Finance, Budget Division
of the Minister of Finance and Manager of the Economic and Planning Division of the Ministry of Energy (Israel). Mr. Yemal was acting
Chair of Financial, Auditor and Compensation Committees for numerous companies both public and private. Mr. Yemal was CEO of ICL in Santiago,
Chile, Senior VP of Business Development for ISAL Amlat VC Fund and was responsible for their IPO in the Tel Aviv stock exchange; Senior
VP Corporate Manager and Board Member of Oridion Medical, and catalyst for their successful IPO on the Swiss stock exchange. Mr. Yemal
holds a Masters Degree in Economics from University of Rosario, Argentina. 

All directors serve for terms of one year each
and are subject to re-election at Annual Meeting of Shareholders, unless they earlier resign. 

There are no material proceedings to which any
of our directors, officers or affiliates, any owner of record or beneficially of more than five percent of any class of our voting securities,
or any associate of any such director, officer, affiliate, or security holder is a party adverse to us or any of our subsidiaries or has
a material interest adverse to us or any of our subsidiaries. 

We have attempted and will continue to attempt
to ensure that any transactions between we and our officers, directors, principal shareholders, or other affiliates have been and will
be on terms no less favorable to us than could be obtained from unaffiliated third parties on an arm s length basis. 

Committees of the Board 

We currently maintain an Audit Committee, and
Compensation Committee, which have the committee members described supra . Our two standing Committees are comprised of senior executives
and independent directors who are actively involved in the disclosure process, to specify, coordinate and oversee the public disclosure
of information regarding the Company, including periodic and current report filings with the SEC. 

53 

Audit Committee 

The Audit Committee is tasked with reviewing and
approving any issues relating to conflicts of interests and all related party transactions of the Company Related Party Transactions ).
The Audit Committee, in undertaking such review and approval, will analyze the following factors, in addition to any other factors the
Audit Committee deems appropriate, in determining whether to approve a Related Party Transaction: (1) the fairness of the terms for
the Company (including fairness from a financial point of view); (2) the materiality of the transaction; (3) bids / terms for
such transaction from unrelated parties; (4) the structure of the transaction; (5) the policies, rules and regulations of the
U.S. federal and state securities laws; (6) the policies of the Committee; and (7) interests of each related party in the transaction. 

The Audit Committee will only approve a Related
Party Transaction if the Audit Committee determines that the terms of the Related Party Transaction are beneficial and fair (including
fair from a financial point of view) to the Company and are lawful under the laws of the United States. In the event multiple members
of the Audit Committee are deemed a related party, the Related Party Transaction will be considered by the disinterested members of the
board of directors in place of the Committee. Our Audit Committee is headed by Shaul Yemal, who, by virtue of his years of experience
as a Senior Economist at the Ministry of Finance, is clearly a financial expert as defined in Item 407(d)(5) of Regulation
S-K, 

The Board has also determined that Mr. Yemal
is an audit committee financial expert (as defined in the SEC rules) because he has the following attributes:
(i) an understanding of generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America GAAP and
financial statements; (ii) the ability to assess the general application of such principles in connection with accounting for estimates,
accruals and reserves; (iii) experience analyzing and evaluating financial statements that present a breadth and level of complexity
of accounting issues that are generally comparable to the breadth and complexity of issues that can reasonably be expected to be raised
by our financial statements; (iv) an understanding of internal control over financial reporting; and (v) an understanding of
audit committee functions. Mr. Yemal has acquired these attributes by means of having held various positions that provided relevant experience,
as described in his biographical supra. 

Compensation Committee 

The Compensation Committee, which is comprised
exclusively of independent directors, is responsible for the administration of our stock compensation plans, approval, review and evaluation
of the compensation arrangements for our executive officers and directors and oversees and advises the Board on the adoption of policies
that govern the Company s compensation and benefit programs. In addition, the Compensation Committee has the authority, at its discretion
and at our expense, to retain special legal, accounting or other advisors to advise the Compensation Committee. The Compensation Committee
convened, proposed, and the Board ratified the Compensation Committee Charter on November 25 th , 2021, and said Charter is filed
hereto as an Exhibit to this annual report. 

Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider
Participation. 

The current members of the Compensation Committee
are Dr. Gil Feiler and Dr. Maymon, who are each independent members of our board of Directors. No member of the Compensation Committee
is an employee or a former employee of the Company. During fiscal 2021, none of our executive officers served on the compensation committee
(or its equivalent) or board of directors of another entity whose executive officer served on our Compensation Committee. Accordingly,
the Compensation Committee members have no interlocking relationships required to be disclosed under SEC rules and regulations. 

A shareholder who wishes to communicate with
the Company s board of directors may do so by directing a written request addressed to any of our Directors at the address appearing
on the first page of this registration statement. 

Involvement in Certain Legal Proceedings 

Except as noted herein or below, during the last
ten (10) years none of our directors or officers have: 

(1) had any bankruptcy petition filed by or against
any business of which such person was a general partner or executive officer either at the time of the bankruptcy or within two years
prior to that time; 

(2) been convicted in a criminal proceeding or
subject to a pending criminal proceeding; 

54 

(3) been subject to any order, judgment, or decree,
not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction, permanently or temporarily enjoining, barring,
suspending or otherwise limiting his involvement in any type of business, securities or banking activities; or 

(4) been found by a court of competent jurisdiction
in a civil action, the Commission or the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have violated a federal or state securities or commodities
law, and the judgment has not been reversed, suspended, or vacated. 

All of these filing requirements were satisfied
by the Company s officers, directors, and ten-percent holders. 

In making these statements, we have relied on
the written representation of our Directors and Officers or copies of the reports that they have filed with the Commission. 

Code of Ethics 

The Company has adopted a Code of Ethics for
Senior Financial Officers that is applicable to our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer
or controller, or persons performing similar functions. 

Indemnification 

Under our Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws
of the corporation, we may indemnify an officer or director who is made a party to any proceeding, including a law suit, because of his
position, if he acted in good faith and in a manner he reasonably believed to be in our best interest. We may advance expenses incurred
in defending a proceeding. To the extent that the officer or director is successful on the merits in a proceeding as to which he is to
be indemnified, we must indemnify him against all expenses incurred, including attorney's fees. With respect to a derivative action, indemnity
may be made only for expenses actually and reasonably incurred in defending the proceeding, and if the officer or director is judged liable,
only by a court order. The indemnification is intended to be to the fullest extent permitted by the laws of the State of Nevada. 

Regarding indemnification for liabilities arising
under the Securities Act of 1933, which may be permitted to directors or officers under Nevada law, we have been advised that, in the
opinion of the Securities and Exchange Commission, indemnification is against public policy, as expressed in the Act and is, therefore,
unenforceable. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation 

We pay a monthly salary to three of our Directors,
our CFO and Counsel. For the current year ending August 31, 2021, the four Directors received a yearly salary of 878,781. 

Summary Compensation Table 

Executive Officer Compensation Schedules See Section D of Main Questionnaire 
 
 Summary Compensation Table in For Fiscal 2021( 

Name 
 Salary 
 Consulting fees 
 Bonus 
 Stock awards 
 Option awards 
 Cars Expenses 
 Nonqualified deferred compensation earnings ) 
 Total ) 
 
 Eyal Barad 
 252,668 

16,048 
 
 268,716 
 
 Gabriel Yariv 
 237,451 

4,339 
 
 241,791 
 
 Dr. Inbar 
 
 6,244 

6,244 
 
 Dr. Gil Feiler 
 
 60,000 

60,000 
 
 Eyal Balan 
 225,631 

225,631 
 
 Uri Ben-Or 
 
 76,400 

76,400 

715,750 
 142,644 

20,388 
 
 878,781 

The following table sets forth, as of November
15 th , 2021, information concerning ownership of our securities by (i) each director, (ii) each executive officer, (iii) all
directors and executive officers as a group; and (iv) each person known to us to be the beneficial owner of more than five percent of
each class: 

55 

The number and percentage of shares beneficially
owned includes any shares as to which the named person has sole or shared voting power or investment power and any shares that the named
person has the right to acquire within 60 days. 

Beneficial Ownership 
 
 Name of Beneficial Owner 
 Common Shares 
 Percentage of class 
 
 Cannabics Inc . 
 86,939,240 
 58.5 

____________________ 

 Our 2 Directors Eyal Barad and Gabriel Yariv
are also holders of Cannabics, Inc. The mailing address for all directors, executive officers and beneficial owners of Cannabics Inc.
is #3 Bethesda Metro Center, Suite 700, Bethesda, Maryland, 20814. 

The
Directors of the Company hold positions in Cannabics, Inc., the majority holder. The relative positions of Cannabics, Inc. are listed
below : 

Shareholder 
 Common Stock 
 Issued 
 
 Eyal Barad, Director, CEO 
 316 
 26.25 
 
 Eyal Ballan, Director, CTO 
 141 
 11.71 
 
 Gabriel Yariv, Director COO 
 4 
 0.33 
 
 Shay Avraham Sarid 
 223 
 18.52 
 
 Itamar Borochov 
 222 
 18.44 
 
 Seach Sarid Ltd. 
 40 
 3.32 
 
 Ariel Kirtchuk 
 25 
 2.08 
 
 J Reiger Ltd 
 128 
 10.63 
 
 Cannis Group 
 68 
 5.64 
 
 Gil Feiler 
 37 
 3.07 
 
 Total 
 1,204 
 100.00 

Unless otherwise noted, we believe that all persons
or entities named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of common stock beneficially owned by
them. For purposes hereof, a person is considered to be the beneficial owner of securities that can be acquired by such person within
60 days from the date hereof. 

Equity Compensation Plan Information 

On October 6 th , 2021, the Compensation
Committee adopted, and the Board ratified the Company s Equity Incentive Plan. The Plan is intended to secure for the Company the
benefits arising from ownership of the Company s common stock by the employees, officers, directors and consultants of the Company,
all of whom are, and will be, responsible for the Company s future growth. The Plan is designed to help attract and retain for the
Company, qualified personnel for positions of exceptional responsibility, to reward employees, officers, directors and consultants for
their services to the Company and to motivate such individuals through added incentives to further contribute to the success of the Company. 

The Plan provides an opportunity for an employee,
officer, director or consultant of the Company, subject to certain national securities and taxation laws, to receive (i) incentive
stock options, (ii) nonqualified stock options; (iii) restricted stock; (iv) stock awards; (v) shares in performance
of services; or (vi) any combination of the foregoing. Incentive stock options granted under the Plan are intended to qualify as
 incentive stock options within the meaning of Section 422 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the
 Code ). Nonqualified (non-statutory stock options) granted under the Plan are not intended to qualify as incentive
stock options under the Code. The Plan is administered by the Altshuler Shaham Benefits Firm, a licensed fiduciary. 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial
Owners and Management Related Stockholder Matters. 

None. 

56 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related
Transactions, and Director Independence 

None. 

Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 

Audit Fees 

The aggregate fees billed by Weinstein International
CPA for professional services rendered for the audit of our annual financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for
the fiscal year ended August 31, 2021, were 10,000.00 

Tax Fees 

For the fiscal years ended August 31, 2021, and
2020, the Company paid fees of 2,700 for tax compliance. 

All Other Fees 

For the fiscal years ended August 31, 2021, and
2020, the Company did not pay any other fees. 

Effective May 6, 2003, the Securities and Exchange
Commission adopted rules that require that before Weinstein International CPA is engaged by us or our subsidiaries to render any auditing
or permitted non-audit related service, the engagement be: 

approved by our audit committee; or 

entered into pursuant to pre-approval policies and procedures established by the audit committee, provided the policies and procedures are detailed as to the particular service, the audit committee is informed of each service, and such policies and procedures do not include delegation of the audit committee's responsibilities to management. 

We do not have an audit committee. Our Board of
Directors pre-approves all services provided by our independent auditors. All of the above services and fees were reviewed and approved
by our Board of Directors either before the respective services were rendered. 

57 

PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibits 

Exhibit 3.1 
 Amended Articles of Incorporation, Cannabics Pharmaceuticals Inc., Incorporated by reference. 

Exhibit 3.2 
 Bylaws of Cannabics Pharmaceuticals, Incorporated by reference. 

Exhibit 3.3 
 Subsidiary G.R.I.N. Ultra Ltd Board Resolution Authorizing Creation, Incorporated by reference. 

Exhibit 3.4 
 Subsidiary G.R.I.N. Ultra Ltd Official Companies Listing (Israel) Incorporated by reference. 

Exhibit 3.5 
 Material Contract Collaboration Exclusivity Agreement with Cannabics, Inc., incorporated by reference from Form 8K filed July 25th, 2014. 

Exhibit 3.6 
 Intellectual Property Subsidiary Assignment of October 7th, 2015, Incorporated by reference from form 8K of October 8th, 2015. 

Exhibit 3.7 
 Assignment Assumption of Debt Liabilities Agreement of October 7th, 2015, Incorporated by reference from form 8K of October 8th, 2015. 

Exhibit 3.8 
 Debt Cancellation Agreement of October 7th, 2015, Incorporated by reference from form 8K of October 8th, 2015. 

Exhibit 3.9 
 IP Licensing Agreement with The CIMA Group LLC, December 17th, 2015. 

Exhibit 31.1 
 Certification by the Principal Executive Officer of Registrant pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a)). 

Exhibit 31.2 
 Certification by the Principal Financial Officer of Registrant pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a)). 

Exhibit 32.1 
 Certification by the Principal Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

Exhibit 32.2 
 Certification by the Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 . 

Exhibit 99.1 
 Form of Audit Committee Charter 

Exhibit 99.2 
 Form of Compensation Committee Charter 

101.INS 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File as its XBRL tags are embedded within the inline XBRL document. 

101.SCH 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema. 

101.CAL 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase. 

101.DEF 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase. 

101.LAB 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase. 

101.PRE 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase. 

104 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

Filed herewith. 

58 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or
15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
thereunto duly authorized. 

Date: November 29, 2021 
 By: 
 /s/ Eyal Barad 

Eyal Barad, Director 
 Chief Executive Officer 

/s/ Uri Ben-Or 

Uri Ben-Or, Chief Financial Officer 
 Principal Accounting Officer 

59 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 cannabics_10k-ex3101.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER
PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

I, Eyal Barad, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Form 10-K of CANNABICS PHARMACEUTICALS INC.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods present in this report; 

4. 
 I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13-a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involved management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 29, 2021 
 By: 
 /s/ Eyal Barad 

Eyal Barad 
 Director, Chief Executive Officer 

CANNABICS PHARMACEUTICALS INC. 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 cannabics_10k-ex3102.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER
PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

I, Uri Ben-Or, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Form 10-K of CANNABICS PHARMACEUTICALS INC.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods present in this report; 

4. 
 I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13-a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involved management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 29, 2021 
 By: 
 /s/ Uri Ben-Or 

Uri Ben-Or 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 Principal Accounting Officer 

CANNABICS PHARMACEUTICALS INC. 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 cannabics_10k-ex3201.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

In connection with this Annual Report of CANNABICS
PHARMACEUTICALS INC. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ending August 31, 2021, as filed with the U.S. Securities and
Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Eyal Barad, Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer)
of the Company, certify to the best of my knowledge, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Sec. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Sec. 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, that: 

1. 
 Such Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ending August 31, 2021, fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. 
 The information contained in such Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ending August 31, 2021, fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: November 29, 2021 
 By: 
 /s/ Eyal Barad 

Eyal Barad 
 Director, Chief Executive Officer 

CANNABICS PHARMACEUTICALS INC. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 cannabics_10k-ex3202.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

In connection with this Annual Report of CANNABICS
PHARMACEUTICALS INC. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ending August 31, 2021, as filed with the U.S. Securities and
Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Uri Ben-Or, Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer)
of the Company, certify to the best of my knowledge, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Sec. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Sec. 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, that: 

1. 
 Such Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ending August 31, 2021, fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. 
 The information contained in such Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ending August 31, 2021, fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: November 29, 2021 
 By: 
 /s/ Uri Ben-Or 

Uri Ben-Or 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 Principal Accounting Officer 

CANNABICS PHARMACEUTICALS INC. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-99.1>
 6
 cannabics_10k-ex9901.htm
 FORM OF AUDIT COMMITTEE CHARTER

Exhibit 99.1 

CANNABICS PHARMACEUTICALS INC. 
AUDIT COMMITTEE CHARTER 

1. 
 STATUS 

The Audit Committee (the Committee is a committee of the Board of Directors (the Board of Cannabics Pharmaceuticals Inc. (the Company ). 

2. 
 PURPOSE 

The Committee is appointed by the Board for the
primary purposes of: 

Performing the Board s oversight responsibilities as they relate to the Company s accounting policies and internal controls, financial reporting practices and legal and regulatory compliance, including, among other things: 

the quality and integrity of the Company s financial statements; 

the Company s compliance with legal and regulatory requirements as well as compliance with all documents filed by the Company with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ); 

review of the independent auditors qualifications and independence; and 

the performance of the Company s internal audit function and the Company s independent auditors; 

Maintaining, through regularly scheduled meetings, a line of communication between the Board and the Company s financial management, internal auditors and independent auditors; 

Review and prepare any reports which the Company may file with the SEC, Finra, DTC, or any other SRO or government regulatory agency, and 

In the event any noncompliance is identified, immediately taking all action necessary to rectify such noncompliance or otherwise cause compliance. 

3. 
 COMPOSITION AND QUALIFICATIONS 

The Committee shall be appointed by the Board and
shall be minimally comprised of two directors (as determined from time to time by the Board), if then both of whom shall meet the independence
requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the Act ), the Nasdaq Capital Market and all other applicable
laws. The chairperson of the Committee shall be designated by majority vote of the Board. Any vacancy on the Committee shall be filled
by majority vote of the Board. 

Each member of the Committee shall be financially
literate and at least one member of the Committee shall have past employment experience in finance or accounting, requisite professional
certification in accounting or any other comparable experience or background which results in the individual s financial sophistication,
including being or having been a chief executive officer, chief financial officer or other senior officer with financial oversight responsibilities,
as each such qualification is interpreted by the Board in its business judgment. In addition, at least one member of the Committee shall
be an audit committee financial expert as defined in Item 407(d)(5)(ii) of Regulation S-K. 

4. 
 RESPONSIBILITIES 

The Committee will: 

1. Review and discuss the
annual audited financial statements and the Company s disclosures under Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations MD A with management and the independent auditors. In connection
with such review, the Committee will: 

Discuss with the independent auditors the matters required to be discussed by Statement on Auditing Standards No. 61 (as may be modified or supplemented) and the matters in the written disclosures required by the applicable requirements of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board regarding the independent accountant s communications with the audit committee concerning independence; 

Review significant changes in accounting or auditing policies; 

Review with the independent auditors any problems or difficulties encountered in the course of their audit, including any change in the scope of the planned audit work and any restrictions placed on the scope of such work and management s response to such problems or difficulties; 

Review with the independent auditors, management and the senior internal auditing executive the adequacy of the Company s internal controls, and any significant findings and recommendations with respect to such controls; 

Review reports required to be submitted by the independent auditor concerning: (a) all critical accounting policies and practices used; (b) all alternative treatments of financial information within generally accepted accounting principles GAAP that have been discussed with management, the ramifications of such alternatives, and the accounting treatment preferred by the independent auditors; and (c) any other material written communications with management; 

Review (a) major issues regarding accounting principles and financial statement presentations, including any significant changes in the Company s selection or application of accounting principles, and major issues as to the adequacy of the Company s internal controls and any special audit steps adopted in light of material control deficiencies; and (b) analyses prepared by management and/or the independent auditor setting forth significant financial reporting issues and judgments made in connection with the preparation of the financial statements, including analysis of the effects of alternative GAAP methods on the financial statements and the effects of regulatory and accounting initiatives, as well as off-balance sheet structures, on the financial statements of the Company; and 

Discuss policies and procedures concerning earnings press releases and review the type and presentation of information to be included in earnings press releases (paying particular attention to any use of pro forma or adjusted non-GAAP information), as well as financial information and earnings guidance provided to analysts and rating agencies. 

2. Recommend to the Board
that the audited financial statements and MD A be included in the Company s Form 10-K. 

3. Review and discuss the
quarterly financial statements and the Company s disclosures provided in periodic quarterly reports including MD A with management,
the senior internal accountant and the independent auditor. 

2 

4. Oversee the external
audit coverage. The Company s independent auditors are ultimately accountable to the Committee, which has the direct authority and
responsibility to appoint, retain, compensate, terminate, select, evaluate and, where appropriate, replace the independent auditors. In
connection with its oversight of the external audit coverage, the Committee will: 

Have authority to appoint and replace (subject to shareholder approval, if deemed advisable by the Board) the independent auditors; 

Have authority to approve the engagement letter and the fees to be paid to the independent auditors; 

Pre-approve all audit and permitted non-audit services to be performed by the independent auditors and the related fees and terms for such services other than prohibited non-auditing services as promulgated under rules and regulations of the SEC (subject to the inadvertent de minimus exceptions set forth in the Act and the SEC rules); 

Monitor and obtain confirmation and assurance as to the independent auditors independence, including ensuring that they submit on a periodic basis (not less than annually) to the Committee a formal written statement delineating all relationships between the independent auditors and the Company. The Committee is responsible for actively engaging in a dialogue with the independent auditors with respect to any disclosed relationships or services that may impact the objectivity and independence of the independent auditors and for taking appropriate action in response to the independent auditors report to satisfy itself of their independence; 

At least annually, obtain and review a report by the independent auditors describing: the firm s internal quality-control procedures; any material issues raised by the most recent internal quality-control review, or peer review, of the firm, or by any inquiry or investigation by governmental or professional authorities, within the preceding five years, respecting one or more independent audits carried out by the firm, and any steps taken to deal with any such issues; 

At least annually, assess the independent auditors independence and all relationships between the independent auditors and the Company; 

Confer with the independent auditors prior to the annual audit to discuss planning and staffing of the audit; 

Review and evaluate the performance of the independent auditors, as the basis for a decision to reappoint or replace the independent auditors; 

Set clear hiring policies for employees or former employees of the independent auditors, including but not limited to, as required by all applicable laws and listing rules; and 

Assure regular rotation of the lead (or coordinating) audit partner having primary responsibility for the audit and the audit partner responsible for reviewing the audit, as required by the Act, and consider whether rotation of the independent auditor is required to ensure independence. 

5. Oversee internal audit
coverage. In connection with its oversight responsibilities, the Committee will: 

Review the appointment or replacement of the senior internal auditing executive; 

Review, in consultation with management, the independent auditors and the senior internal auditing executive, the plan and scope of internal audit activities; 

Review internal audit activities, budget and staffing; and 

Review significant reports to management prepared by the internal auditing department and management s responses to such reports. 

3 

6. Review with the
independent auditors and the senior internal auditing executive the adequacy of the Company s internal controls, and any significant
findings and recommendations with respect to such controls. 

7. Resolve any differences
in financial reporting between management and the independent auditors. 

8. Establish procedures
for (i) the receipt, retention and treatment of complaints received by the Company regarding accounting, internal accounting controls
or auditing matters and (ii) the confidential, anonymous submission by employees of concerns regarding questionable accounting or auditing
matters. 

9. Discuss policies
and guidelines to govern the process by which risk assessment and risk management is undertaken. 

10. Meet periodically with management
to review and assess the Company s major financial risk exposures and the manner in which such risks are being monitored and controlled. 

11. Meet periodically (not less
than annually) in separate executive session with each of the chief financial officer, the senior internal auditing executive, and the
independent auditors. 

12. Review and approve all related
party transactions requiring disclosure under Item 404 of Regulation S-K. 

13. Review periodically with the
Company s management, independent auditors, and legal advisors, as appropriate (i) legal, regulatory and compliance matters, including
any correspondence with regulators or government agencies and any employee complaints or published reports which raise material issues
on the financial statements or accounting policies, and (ii) corporate compliance policies or codes of conduct. 

14. Have the authority, in the
Committee s sole discretion, to retain and obtain the advice and assistance of independent outside counsel and such other advisors
as it deems necessary to fulfill its duties and responsibilities under this Charter. 

15. Report regularly to the Board
with respect to Committee activities. 

16. Prepare the report of the
Committee required by the rules of the SEC to be included in the proxy statement for each annual meeting. 

17. Review and reassess annually
the adequacy of this Charter and recommend any proposed changes to the Board. 

18. Monitor compliance, on a regularly
scheduled basis, with the terms of the Company s initial public offering (the Offering and, if any
noncompliance is identified, promptly take all action necessary to rectify such noncompliance or otherwise cause the Company to come into
compliance with the terms of the Offering. 

19. Inquire and discuss with management
the Company s compliance with applicable laws and regulations. 

20. Determine the compensation
and oversight of the work of the independent auditor (including resolution of disagreements between management and the independent auditor
regarding financial reporting) for the purpose of preparing or issuing an audit report or related work. 

21. Review and approve, on a
quarterly basis, all payments made to the Company s existing holders, sponsor, executive officers or directors and their and the
Company s respective affiliates. 

4 

5. 
 PROCEDURES 

1. 
 Action . 

A majority of the members of the entire Committee
shall constitute a quorum. The Committee shall act on the affirmative vote of a majority of members present at a meeting at which a quorum
is present. Without a meeting, the Committee may act by unanimous written consent of all members. However, the Committee may delegate
to one or more of its members the authority to grant pre-approvals of audit and permitted non-audit services, provided the decision is
reported to the full Committee at its next scheduled meeting. 

2. 
 Fees . 

The Company shall provide for appropriate funding,
as determined by the Committee, for payment of compensation: (a) to outside legal accounting or other advisors employed by the Committee;
and (b) for ordinary administrative expenses of the Committee that are necessary or appropriate in carrying out its duties. 

3. 
 Limitations . 

While the Committee has the responsibilities and
powers set forth in this Charter, it is not the duty of the Committee to plan or conduct audits or to determine that the Company s
financial statements are complete and accurate and are in accordance with GAAP. This is the responsibility of management and the independent
auditors. 

5 

</EX-99.1>

<EX-99.2>
 7
 cannabics_10k-ex9902.htm
 FORM OF COMPENSATION COMMITTEE CHARTER

Exhibit 99.2 

COMPENSATION COMMITTEE 
OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF 
CANNABICS PHARMACEUTICALS INC. 

ARTICLE I 

 FORMATION AND PURPOSE 

The Board of Directors (the Board of Cannabics Pharmaceuticals Inc. (the Corporation has established the Compensation Committee (the Committee pursuant to Section 78.125 of the Nevada Revised Statutes and Article III, Section 3.17(c) of the Corporation's Bylaws. The purposes of
the Committee are to oversee the Corporation's executive compensation and employee benefit plans and practices, including its incentive-compensation
and equity-based plans; to oversee the evaluation of the Corporation's senior management; to review and discuss with management the Corporation's
compensation discussion and analysis CD A to be included in the Corporation's filings and reports filed with
the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC and to oversee the preparation of the Compensation Committee Report as
required by the rules of the SEC. For the purposes of this Charter, the term officer shall have the meaning set forth in Rule
16a-1 promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). 

ARTICLE II 

 COMPOSITION 

The Committee shall be comprised of not
less than two members of the Board. Subject to the foregoing, the exact number of members of the Committee shall be fixed and may be changed
from time to time by resolution duly adopted by the Board. The qualifications of Committee membership shall be as follows: 

All members of the Committee shall be: (i) independent, 
as determined by the Board, in accordance with the definition of independence in Rule 5605(a)(2) of the rules for The NASDAQ Stock Market
LLC, NASDAQ as such rule may be modified or supplemented, and (ii) independent, as determined by the Board
in accordance with the definition of independence applicable to compensation committee members as such rule may be modified or supplemented. 

All members of the Committee shall be: (i) non-employee
directors within the meaning of Rule 16b-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act, and (iii) outside directors within the
meaning of Section 162(m) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, if it is determined
that a director failed to satisfy any of these standards at the time the Committee approved any action, that shall nonetheless not invalidate
the action unless required by law or unless the remaining members of the Committee determine that satisfaction of such standard was necessary
to achieve the fundamental purpose of the action. 

ARTICLE III 

 MEETINGS AND PROCEDURES 

The Committee shall keep regular minutes
of its meetings and shall meet at least two times annually or more frequently as circumstances require. The Board shall designate one
member of the Committee as its Chairman. A majority of the members of the Committee shall constitute a quorum and actions may be approved
by a majority in attendance. Meetings and actions of the Committee shall be governed by, and held and taken in accordance with, the provisions
of the Corporation's Bylaws, with such changes in the context of those Bylaws as necessary to substitute the Committee, the Chairman of
the Committee and its members for the Board, the Chairman of the Board and its members. Regular meetings of the Committee may be held
at such time and such place as the Committee determines from time to time. 

The Committee may form subcommittees for any purpose
that the Committee deems appropriate and may delegate to such subcommittees such power and authority as the Committee deems appropriate;
provided, however, that no subcommittee shall consist of fewer than two members; and provided further that the Committee shall not delegate
to a subcommittee any power or authority required by any law, regulation or qualification requirement to be exercised by the Committee
as a whole. 

The Committee may request that any directors,
officers or employees of the Corporation, or any other persons whose advice and counsel are sought by the Committee, attend any meeting
of the Committee. The Committee shall make regular reports to the Board concerning its activities. 

ARTICLE IV 

 FUNCTIONS, POWERS AND DUTIES 

The Committee shall have the following functions,
powers and duties: 

A. Oversight of Compensation Plans, Goals and
Objectives 

To the extent not otherwise in conflict with any statutory or regulatory requirement, the
Committee shall provide general oversight and advice to management on executive compensation programs as such programs apply to executives
of the Corporation or executives of subsidiaries of the Corporation. 

Review, at least annually, the goals and objectives of the Corporation's executive compensation
plans, including any incentive-compensation and equity-based plans, and amend these goals and objectives if the Committee deems it appropriate. 

Review, at least annually, the Corporation's executive compensation plans, in light of the Corporation's goals
and objectives with respect to such plans, and, if the Committee deems it appropriate, recommend to the Board new plans or amendments
to the existing plans that require Board approval. 

Consider as appropriate recommendations from the Chief Executive Officer regarding the
Corporation's compensation and employee benefit plans and practices, including its executive compensation, incentive-compensation and
equity-based plans with respect to executive officers other than the Chief Executive Officer. 

Assess the results of the Corporation's most recent advisory vote on executive compensation. 

At least annually, assess whether the work of any compensation consultant has raised any
conflict of interest that is required to be disclosed in the Company s annual report or proxy statement. 

Oversee an annual assessment of risks relating to the Corporation's compensation policies
and practices to determine whether they create risks that may have a material adverse effect on the Corporation. 

B. Officer Evaluation, Compensation and Succession

Establish and as it determines appropriate, approve all aspects of the Chief Executive
Officer s compensation, including setting annual and long-term goals for the Chief Executive Officer, annually evaluating the Chief
Executive Officer s performance against these goals, communicating the results of the evaluation with the Chief Executive Officer
and using such evaluation in setting the Chief Executive Officer s compensation. The Chief Executive Officer may not be present
during voting or deliberations on his or her compensation. 

Review and as it determines appropriate, approve the compensation of the other officers
of the Corporation, including overseeing the evaluation of their performance and establishing or approving all elements of their compensation
(including annual salary, bonus and other direct and indirect compensation) that are based on such evaluations. 

With input from the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, guide the Board s
oversight and review of, and provide succession planning for all key positions, including the Chief Executive Officer, including providing
evaluations of officers and making recommendations of potential successors to fill officer positions. 

C. Plan Awards and Administration 

To the extent applicable to officers or required under the terms of the applicable plan,
review and approve awards of stock or stock options pursuant to any of the Corporation's executive compensation, incentive-compensation
or equity-based plans including the forms of award agreements for such plans, and perform such duties and responsibilities as may be assigned
to the Committee under the terms of the Corporation's executive compensation, incentive-compensation or equity-based plans, and other
employee benefit plans. 

2 

D. Employment and Related Agreements 

Approve (in advance) compensation arrangements for officers and other key employees in
accordance with policies adopted by the Committee from time to time. 

Approve (in advance) any severance arrangements and change-in-control provisions, plans
or agreements with officers. 

E. Director Compensation 

Review periodically and recommend to the full Board the type and amount of compensation
for Board and Committee service by non-management members of the Board. 

F. Compensation Disclosure 

Review and discuss with management the Corporation's CD A and related disclosures and
as appropriate, based on that review and discussion, recommend to the Board that the CD A be included in the Corporation's annual
proxy statement or annual report on Form 10-K. 

Oversee the preparation of the Compensation Committee Report in accordance with the rules
and regulations of the SEC for inclusion in the Corporation's annual proxy statement or annual report on Form 10-K. 

Review the description of the Committee's processes and procedures for the consideration
and determination of officer and director compensation to be included in the Corporation's annual proxy statement including any disclosures
relating to compensation consultants providing advice to the Committee. 

Consider and recommend to the Board the years in which the Corporation will hold an advisory
vote on executive compensation pursuant to Section 14A of the Exchange Act. 

G. Outside Advisers 

Be directly responsible for the appointment, compensation and oversight of the work of
any consultants, outside legal or other advisers retained by the Committee. 

H. Other Duties 

Perform such other specific functions as
the Board may from time to time direct and conduct or authorize investigations into or studies of matters within the Committee's scope
of responsibilities. 

ARTICLE V 

 EVALUATION 

The Committee shall, on an annual basis,
evaluate its performance under this Charter. In conducting this review, the Committee shall evaluate whether this Charter appropriately
addresses the matters that are or should be within its scope. The Committee shall address all matters that the Committee considers relevant
to its performance, including at least the following: the adequacy, appropriateness and quality of the information and recommendations
presented by the Committee to the Board, the manner in which they were discussed or debated, and whether the number and length of meetings
of the Committee were adequate for the Committee to complete its work in a thorough and thoughtful manner. 

3 

The Committee shall deliver to the Board an oral
report setting forth the results of its evaluation, including any recommended amendments to this Charter and any recommended changes to
the Corporation s or the Board s policies or procedures. 

ARTICLE VI 

 RETENTION OF OUTSIDE ADVISERS 

The Committee shall have the authority,
in it's sole discretion to retain, or obtain the advice of such consultants, outside legal or other advisers as it deems necessary or
appropriate, including any compensation to consultants. The Corporation shall provide for appropriate funding, as determined by the Committee,
for payment of reasonable compensation to any compensation consultant, legal counsel or other advisers retained by the Committee , and
for the payment of ordinary administrative expenses that the Committee deems necessary or appropriate in carrying out its duties. The
Committee shall assess the independence of any consultants, outside counsel, experts and other advisers (whether retained by the Committee
or management), that provide advice to the Committee, prior to selecting or receiving advice from them, in accordance with applicable
NASDAQ listing standards. 

4 

</EX-99.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 8
 cnbx-20210831.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 cnbx-20210831.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 cnbx-20210831_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 cnbx-20210831_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 cnbx-20210831_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 cnbx-20210831_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

