<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20211014_10-K_edgar_data_1575420_0001640334-21-002564.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>2343568</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>71891</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>410750</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>553950</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>539284</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>710602</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>7</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001640334-21-002564.hdr.sgml : 20211014
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20211014153119
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001640334-21-002564
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		43
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20210630
FILED AS OF DATE:		20211014
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20211014

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Bionovate Technologies Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001575420
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ELECTRIC LIGHTING & WIRING EQUIPMENT [3640]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-188152
		FILM NUMBER:		211323325

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		GEWERBESTRASSE 10
		CITY:			CHAM
		STATE:			V8
		ZIP:			6330
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(646) 224-1160

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		GEWERBESTRASSE 10
		CITY:			CHAM
		STATE:			V8
		ZIP:			6330

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	MJP INTERNATIONAL LTD.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20130426

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001640334-21-002564.txt : 20211014

10-K
 1
 biio_10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

biio_10k.htm 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM Mark one ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the Year Ended or TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from ____________ to __________ Commission File Number : . (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , , (Address of principal executive offices (Zip Code) ) Registrant s telephone number, including area code Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None Securities registered pursuant to section 12(g) of the Act: Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). Yes Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Ex- change Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No The aggregate market value of the registrant s common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant was based on the closing sale price of the registrant s common stock on December 31, 2020 of 19.01 per share. The number of shares of registrant s common stock outstanding as of September 15, 2021 was . TABLE OF CONTENTS FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 3 PART I Item 1. Business. 4 Item 1A. Risk Factors. 7 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 8 Item 2. Properties. 8 Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 8 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 8 Part II Item 5. Market For Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 9 Item 6. [Reserved] 10 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 10 Item 7A. Quantitative And Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 11 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplemental Data. 12 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 24 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 24 Item 9B. Other Information. 25 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. Part III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 26 Item 11. Executive Compensation. 28 Item 12. Security Ownership Of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 30 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 31 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 31 Part IV Item 15. Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules. 32 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary. 32 2 FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS This annual report contains forward-looking statements. These statements relate to future events or our future financial performance. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as may , should , expects , plans , anticipates , believes , estimates , predicts , potential or continue or the negative of these terms or other comparable terminology. These statements are only predictions and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our or our industry s actual results, levels of activity, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements. Except as required by applicable law, including the securities laws of the United States, we do not intend to update any of the forward-looking statements to conform these statements to actual results. Our audited financial statements are stated in United States Dollars (US and are prepared in accordance with United States Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. The following discussion should be read in conjunction with our financial statements and the related notes that appear elsewhere in this annual report. The following discussion contains forward-looking statements that reflect our plans, estimates and beliefs. Our actual results could differ materially from those discussed in the forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to, those discussed below and elsewhere in this annual report. Unless otherwise specified in this annual report, all dollar amounts are expressed in United States dollars and all references to common stock refer to shares of our common stock. As used in this annual report, the terms we , us , our and our company mean Bionovate Technologies Corp., unless otherwise indicated. 3 Table of Contents PART I ITEM 1. BUSINESS Overview Our company was incorporated in the State of Nevada on October 24, 2012. Founded in Calgary, Canada, we were formed and organized to capitalize on new opportunities found in the North American market for light-emitting diode LED lighting. With China as the manufacturing backbone of future LED products, we have set up an office in Guangzhou, China in search of high quality products offered by reputable manufacturers to be introduced to Canada, the United States, and abroad. In November 2016, we expanded our operations to include reselling various energy products and green technology products. We achieved this by acquiring Energy Alliance Labs Inc. Energy Alliance ), which is the 80 owner of Human Energy Alliance Laboratories Corp., an Idaho corporation HEAL ). HEAL is a green technology and retail company with the mission of developing and distributing technologies that relieve its customers of certain burdens, while simultaneously decreasing the energy they use. HEAL s primary products are mid-sized wind turbines, small solar panels and related controllers and inverters. On October 28, 2016, we entered into a share exchange agreement with Cohen Mizrahi, a director of our company, whereby on the same date we issued 4,000,000 shares of our common stock in exchange for 100 of the issued and outstanding equity interests of Energy Alliance. On November 1, 2016, Energy Alliance closed the transactions contemplated under an agreement with certain shareholders of HEAL, in which the shareholders holding 80 of the outstanding equity interests of HEAL sold all of their shares of HEAL to Energy Alliance. As a result of such transactions we became the owner of 100 of the issued and outstanding equity interests of Energy Alliance and Energy Alliance became the owner of 80 of the issued and outstanding equity interests of HEAL. Effective October 4, 2016, we filed a Certificate of Dissolution of MJP Holdings Ltd., our wholly-owned subsidiary. Effective November 28, 2016, we entered into a Share Exchange Agreement with MJP Lighting Solutions Ltd., a British Virgin Islands BVI corporation and Tong Tang and Zhao Hui Ma (the Shareholders whereby the parties exchanged 100 of the issued and outstanding shares of BVI, belonging to our company for the tender of 5,500,000 restricted common shares of our company, belonging to the Shareholders, to our treasury for cancellation. 4 Table of Contents On January 1, 2017, MJP entered into transfer agreement with Cohen Mizrahi, whereby we transferred 100 of the issued and outstanding equity interests of Energy Alliance for consideration of 20,000 for past services provided to our company by Mr. Guo. On December 1, 2017, a majority of our stockholders and our board of directors approved a change of name of our company to Bionovate Technologies Corp. and a reverse stock split of our issued and outstanding shares of common stock on a fifty (50) old for one (1) new basis. A Certificate of Amendment was filed with the Nevada Secretary of State on December 11, 2017 with an effective date of December 21, 2017. The name change and reverse split became effective with the OTC Markets at the opening of trading on December 21, 2017 under the symbol BIIO . Effective January 11, 2018, we entered into a Patent Purchase and License Agreement with Lily Innovation Advisors Ltd. wherein we agreed to purchase the rights to U.S. Patent No. 7,963,959 Automated Cryogenic Skin Treatment (the Lily Patent ). We paid 10,000 as consideration for the Lily Patent, and agreed to pay royalties of one percent (1 of the (a) net sales of all products that are derived from the invention covered under the Lily Patent and sold by our company or any licensees or transferees and (b) licensing fees, royalties or similar payments in respect of the Lily Patent received by any such entity, such royalties to be paid quarterly in January, April, July and October for all sales incurred in the previous calendar quarter. The assignment of the Lily Patent was registered with the United States Patent and Trademark Office on January 31, 2018. The foregoing description of the Patent Purchase and License Agreement is included to provide information regarding its terms. It does not purport to be a complete description and is qualified by its entirety by reference to the full text of the Patent Purchase and License Agreement, which is filed as Exhibit 10.1 hereto and is incorporated herein by reference. Effective February 19, 2018, we entered into a Patent Purchase and License Agreement with Ramot at Tel-Aviv University Ltd. wherein we agreed to purchase the rights to U.S. Patent No. 6,858,007 Method and system for automatic classification and quantitative evaluation of adnexal masses based on a cross-sectional or projectional images of the adnexs (the Ramot Patent ). We paid 10,000 as consideration for the Ramot Patent and agreed to pay royalties of one percent (1 of the net sales of all products sold by our company that are derived from the invention covered by the Ramot Patent, such royalties to be paid quarterly in January, April, July and October from sales incurred in the previous calendar quarter. The assignment of the Ramot Patent was registered with the United States Patent and Trademark Office on March 5, 2018. On October 1, 2019, a majority of our shareholders approved a reverse stock split on a basis of 100 old shares for one (1) new share of our issued and outstanding common stock. No fractional shares of common stock will be issued as a result of the reverse split. Any fractional shares that would have resulted from the reverse split will be rounded up to the next whole number. As a result of the reverse split, our issued and outstanding shares of common stock will decrease from 15,579,749 to 155,798 shares of common stock. We confirm that our authorized capital will remain unchanged. 5 Table of Contents The reverse split has been reviewed by the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA) and has been approved for filing with an effective date of January 9, 2020. All share and per share information in these financial statements retroactively reflect this stock distribution. Effective January 28, 2020, the Company amended a 20 Convertible Note originally issued on March 31, 2019 (the Note ). The Note reduces the interest rate from 20 to 0 and changes the conversion price from 0.01 to 0.0001. Effective January 28, 2020, the Note was assigned to Evergreen Solutions Ltd., and was immediately converted for the issuance of 54,270,000 shares of common stock of the Company resulting in a change of control. On February 3, 2020, Cohen Mizrahi resigned as a director and as an officer of our company. Dr. Mizrahi s resignation was not the result of a disagreement between Dr. Mizrahi and our company on any matter relating to our company s operations, policies or practices. On February 3, 2020, David Magana Gonzalez was appointed as a director to replace Dr. Mizrahi and he was also appointed President, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Secretary and Treasurer of our company.On July 22, 2020, David Magna Gonzalez resigned as a director and as an officer of our company. Mr. Gonzalez s resignation was not the result of a disagreement between Mr. Gonzalez and our company on any matter relating to our company s operations, policies or practices. On July 22, 2020, Marc Applbaum was appointed as a director to replace David Magna Gonzolez and he was also appointed President, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Secretary and Treasurer of our company.On September 28, 2020, Marc Applbaum resigned as a director and as an officer of our company. Mr. Applbaums resignation was not the result of a disagreement between Mr. Applbaum and our company on any matter relating to our company s operations, policies or practices. On September 28, 2020, Aleksander Vucak was appointed as a director to replace Marc Applbaum and he was also appointed President, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Secretary and Treasurer of our company. On October 7, 2020, Bionovate Technologies Corp. (the Company entered into a Share Exchange Agreement (the Share Exchange Agreement facilitated between Evergreen Solutions, Ltd, a private Company Evergreen ), and Human Data AG, a private Switzerland Company Human Data ). Pursuant to the Share Exchange Agreement, in exchange for the acquisition of all of the outstanding Company shares which Evergreen owns, to wit, 54,270,000 shares (the Exchange Shares ), the Company will receive 12,500 shares of Digital Diagnostics AG Digital owned by Human Data, which equates to 25 of the currently issued shares of Digital. The Share Exchange Agreement contains customary representations and warranties made by the Company, on the one hand, and Evergreen and Human Data on the other hand, made solely for the benefit of the other, which in certain cases are subject to specified exceptions and qualifications contained in the Share Exchange Agreement or in information provided pursuant to certain disclosure schedules to the Share Exchange Agreement. Our corporate address is Gewerbestrasse 10, Cham, Switzerland 6330. We do not have a corporate website. We do not have any subsidiaries. We have not been subject to any bankruptcy, receivership or similar proceeding. Our Current Business We are a medical device company that intends to develop the first automated treatment for age spots (solar lentigines). The technology (patent issued) uses a scan and treat protocol that removes age spots accurately and completely without disturbing the surrounding skin area. Current methods of treatment (lasers and manual liquid nitrogen spray devices) are either painful, costly, or require a physician to perform the procedure. The Bionovate system would be safe and would produce excellent results and can be used for other types of skin lesions. Its operation would require minimal user interaction and users can be trained in minutes. We are also looking into developing novel cancer detection methods based on its electronic imaging patent. 6 Table of Contents Principal Products and Services The Bionovate system is superior to the current methods. It is safer, quicker and easier-to-use and provides better results with minimal patient recovery time. The first product will be an automated computerized system that treats age spots anywhere on the body. The platform technology will allow subsequent systems to treat other types of skin lesions on all areas of the body. Each age spot will be treated in just a few seconds and the entire treatment requires less than fifteen minutes. Training and operation will be easy and straightforward. The energy source, cryogen, is well understood and the pre-determined treatment protocols allow for unrivaled safety, efficacy, and minimal (if any) pain. Distribution Methods The company expects to sell its systems to physicians and spas across the globe. The cost of the system includes a modest initial outlay for the device and a charge for a proprietary disposable for each treatment. Bionovate s pricing for the device and disposable provides physician offices and spas with revenue and margins that exceed their business target ROI. The treatments are private-pay which avoids the insurance reimbursement and paperwork cycle and provides new direct revenue to physicians. In addition, the Company s pricing structure allows physicians to present affordable pricing to patients. The simplicity of the system should allow non-physicians to act as operators freeing up the physician to conduct other revenue producing activities. Competition Current market offerings in the segment of age spots treatment are limited to lasers and manual cryo which are painful, carry a high cost and require expertise. In the case of manual cryo, there are too many variables and uncertain effectiveness as well as long healing times. Dependence on One or a Few Major Customers We have not yet established a customer base, but we expect to be able to not depend on a single distributor or customer. Patents, trademarks, licenses, franchises, concessions, royalty agreements or labor contracts We currently own two patents: U.S. Patent No. 6,858,007 Method and system for automatic classification and quantitative evaluation of adnexal masses based on a cross-sectional or projectional images of the adnexs and U.S. Patent No. 7,963,959 Automated Cryogenic Skin Treatment . Need for Government Approval Medical devices regulation is set by the FDA. In the case of the technologies we are looking to develop, we would need FDA 510(k) Class II approval. Compliance with Government Regulation There is a long history of the FDA approving such medical devices. The clearance review cycle is 90 days and we expect to be able to pass clinical testing cost-effectively. Research and Development We have not yet spent any significant funds on R D yet. Employees We have no employees. Our officers and directors furnish their time to the development of our company at no cost. ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS As a smaller reporting company , we are not required to provide the information required by this Item. 7 Table of Contents ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS Not Applicable. ITEM 2. PROPERTIES Our company owns no real property. Our principal executive offices are located at Gewerbestrasse 10, Cham, Switzerland 6330. ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS From time to time, we may become involved in litigation relating to claims arising out of our operations in the normal course of business. We are not involved in any pending legal proceeding or litigation and, to the best of our knowledge, no governmental authority is contemplating any proceeding to which we are a party and which would reasonably be likely to have a material adverse effect on our company. To date, our company has never been involved in litigation, as either a party or a witness, nor has our company been involved in any legal proceedings commenced by any regulatory agency against our company. ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES Not Applicable. 8 Table of Contents PART II ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES Market Information Our common stock is listed for quotation on the Pink Sheets of the OTC Markets, under the symbol BIIO . OTC Markets securities are not listed or traded on the floor of an organized national or regional stock exchange. Instead, OTC Markets securities transactions are conducted through a telephone and computer network connecting dealers in stocks. OTC Markets issuers are traditionally smaller companies that do not meet the financial and other listing requirements of a regional or national stock exchange. Holders As of September 15, 2021, we had 12 shareholders of record of our common stock with 7,753,598 shares of common stock outstanding. Dividends We have not paid any cash dividends to our shareholders. The declaration of any future cash dividends is at the discretion of our board of directors and depends upon our earnings, if any, our capital requirements and financial position, our general economic conditions, and other pertinent conditions. It is our present intention not to pay any cash dividends in the foreseeable future, but rather to reinvest earnings, if any, in our business operations. Equity Compensation Plans Our company has not adopted any equity compensation plans and does not anticipate adopting any equity compensation plans in the near future. Notwithstanding the foregoing, because the company has limited cash resources at this time, it may issue shares or options to or enter into obligations that are convertible into shares of common stock with its employees and consultants as payment for services or as discretionary bonuses. Recent Sales of unregistered securities None 9 Table of Contents Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities There were no repurchases of common stock for the year ended June 30, 2021. ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA Not Applicable. ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS Results of Operations - Years Ended June 30, 2021 and 2020 The following summary of our results of operations should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements for the years ended June 30, 2021 and 2020, which are included herein. Our operating results for the year ended June 30, 2021 and 2020, and the changes between those periods for the respective items are summarized as follows: Year Ended June 30, Change 2021 2020 Amount Revenues - - - - Operating Expenses 45,371 33,055 12,316 37 Total other expense 61,173 88,990 (27,817 (31 Net Loss 106,544 122,045 (15,501 (13 We recognized no revenues during the year ended June 30, 2021 and 2020. Net loss was 106,544 for year ended June 30, 2021 and 122,045 for the year ended June 30, 2020. The decrease in net loss was primarily due to a decrease in interest expense. Operating expenses for the year ended June 30, 2021 and 2020 were 45,371 and 33,055, respectively. Operating expenses during 2021 and 2020 were primarily attributed to general and administration expenses of 851 and and professional fees of 44,520 and 33,055, respectively. The increase in professional fees is primarily due to a consulting expense. Liquidity and Capital Working capital (deficit) June 30, June 30, Change 2021 2020 Amount Current Assets - - - - Current Liabilities 503,209 396,665 106,544 27 Working Capital (Deficit) (503,209 (396,665 (106,544 27 10 Table of Contents Cash flow Year Ended June 30, 2021 2020 Net Cash Provided by Operating Activities - - Net Cash Provided by Investing Activities - - Net Cash Provided by Financing Activities - - Net Change in Cash During the Period - - As of June 30, 2021, we had a working capital deficit of 503,209 compared to a working capital deficit of 396,665 as of June 30, 2020. As of June 30, 2021, we had current assets of 0 (2020- 0) and current liabilities of 503,209 (2019 - 396,665). Cash Flows from Operating Activities For the year ended June 30, 2021, net cash flows provided by operating activities was 0 consisting of a net loss of 106,544 and was offset by non-cash loss of 52,245 and changes in operation assets and liabilities of 54,299. For the year ended June 30, 2020, net cash flows provided by operating activities was 0 consisting of a net loss of 122,045 and was offset by non-cash gain and loss of 54,402 and changes in operation assets and liabilities of 67,643. Cash Flows Used in Investing Activities For the years ended June 30, 2021 and 2020, we did not have any investing activities. Cash Flows from Financing Activities For the years ended June 30, 2021 and 2020, we did not have any financing activities. Liquidity and Capital Resources Our cash balance at June 30, 2021 was 0, with 503,209 in outstanding current liabilities, consisting of accounts payable and accrued liabilities of 265,825, due to related party of 52,009 and convertible notes payable of 185,375. We estimate total expenditures over the next 12 months are expected to be approximately 80,000. Contractual Obligations As a smaller reporting company , we are not required to provide tabular disclosure obligations. Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements We have no off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources that is material to stockholders. Critical Accounting Policies The preparation of financial statements in accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. A change in managements estimates or assumptions could have a material impact on our financial condition and results of operations during the period in which such changes occurred. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Our financial statements reflect all adjustments that management believes are necessary for the fair presentation of their financial condition and results of operations for the periods presented. Recent Accounting Pronouncements Management has considered all recent accounting pronouncements issued. Our management believes that these recent pronouncements will not have a material effect on our company s financial statements. ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK Not Applicable. 11 Table of Contents ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm To the shareholders and the board of directors of Bionovate Technologies Corp. Opinion on the Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of Bionovate Technologies Corp. (the "Company") as of June 30, 2021 and 2020, the related statements of operations, stockholders' equity (deficit), and cash flows for the years then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the "financial statements"). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of June 30, 2021 and 2020, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. Substantial Doubt about the Company s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 2 to the financial statements, the Company s minimal activities raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. Basis for Opinion These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) ("PCAOB") and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. Our audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. /s/ BF Borgers CPA PC BF Borgers CPA PC We have served as the Company's auditor since 2018 Lakewood, CO October 13, 2021 12 Table of Contents Bionovate Technologies Corp BALANCE SHEETS June 30, June 30, 2021 2020 ASSETS Current Assets Cash Total Current Assets TOTAL ASSETS LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT Current Liabilities Accounts payable and accrued liabilities Due to related party Convertible notes payable Total Current Liabilities TOTAL LIABILITIES Stockholders Deficit Preferred stock: authorized; par value - no shares issued and outstanding Common stock: authorized; par value and shares issued and outstanding Additional paid in capital Accumulated deficit Total Deficit TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements 13 Table of Contents Bionovate Technologies Corp STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS Years Ended June 30, 2021 2020 Revenues Operating Expenses General and administration Professional fees Total operating expenses Net loss from operations Other income (expense) Realized foreign currency gain (loss) Interest expense Total other expense Net loss before taxes Net loss Basic and dilutive loss per share Net loss Weighted average number of shares outstanding The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements 14 Table of Contents Bionovate Technologies Corp STATEMENT OF STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIENCY Additional Common Stock Paid in Accumulated Shares Amount Capital Deficit Total Balance, June 30, 2019 Common shares issued for conversion of debt Beneficial conversion feature - Net loss - Balance, June 30, 2020 Cancellation of shares Net loss - Balance, June 30, 2021 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements 15 Table of Contents Bionovate Technologies Corp STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS Years Ended June 30, 2021 2020 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: Net loss Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities: Expenses paid by convertible notes Expenses paid by related party Amortization of debt discount Foreign currency adjustment Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts payable and accrued liabilities Net cash provided by operating activities Net change in cash and cash equivalents Cash, beginning of period Cash, end of period Supplemental cash flow information Cash paid for interest Cash paid for taxes Non-cash transactions: Beneficial conversion feature Cancellation of shares Common stock issued for conversion of debt The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements 16 Table of Contents Bionovate Technologies Corp NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS shares (the Exchange Shares ), the Company will receive shares of Digital Diagnostics AG Digital owned by Human Data, which equates to of the currently issued shares of Digital. The Share Exchange Agreement contains customary representations and warranties made by the Company, on the one hand, and Evergreen and Human Data on the other hand, made solely for the benefit of the other, which in certain cases are subject to specified exceptions and qualifications contained in the Share Exchange Agreement or in information provided pursuant to certain disclosure schedules to the Share Exchange Agreement The share exchange agreement gave the other party 90 days to transfer shares of Digital to Bionovate. Bionovate did not receive these shares yet and does not own any of Digital Diagnostics as of the date of this report. , is in a net liability position and needs cash to maintain its operations. These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The accompanying financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. The Company s continued existence is dependent upon management s ability to develop profitable operations, continued contributions from the Company s executive officers to finance its operations and the ability to obtain additional funding sources to explore potential strategic relationships and to provide capital and other resources for the further development and marketing of the Company s products and business. Use of Estimates 17 Table of Contents Basic and Diluted Loss per Common Stock Fair Value of Financial Instrument Revenue Recognition Beneficial Conversion Feature 18 Table of Contents Income Taxes Recent Accounting Pronouncements 19 Table of Contents Accrued expenses Accrued interest Due to a former related party Dated June 30, 2017 Dated April 1, 2018 - 1 Dated April 1, 2018 - 2 Dated June 30, 2018 Dated July 5, 2018 - 1 Dated July 5, 2018 - 2 Dated July 5, 2018 - 3 Dated December 31, 2018 Dated March 31, 2019 Dated June 30, 2019 Dated September 30, 2019 Dated December 31, 2019 Dated March 31, 2020 Dated June 30, 2020 Total convertible notes payable Less: Unamortized debt discount Total convertible notes Less: current portion of convertible notes Long-term convertible notes For the years ended June 30, 2021 and 2020, the Company recognized interest expense of and and amortization of discount, included in interest expense, of and , respectively. As of June 30, 2021 and 2020, the Company recorded accrued interest of and , respectively Dated November 1, 2016 On November 1, 2016, the Company issued a convertible note with a conversion price of to extinguish debt of . The convertible note is unsecured, bears interest at per annum and due and payable on . The Company recorded a discount on the convertible note due to a beneficial conversion feature of . 20 Table of Contents to extinguish amounts due to related parties of . The convertible note is unsecured, bears interest at per annum, has no maturity date and due on demand. The Company recorded a discount on the convertible note due to a beneficial conversion feature of . During the year ended June 30, 2020, the outstanding balance of the note was assigned and assumed in an agreement between the original note holder and a 3 rd party. The principal amount of was converted into shares of common stock by the new note holder. Dated January 1, 2017 - 2 On January 1, 2017, the Company issued a convertible note with a conversion price of to extinguish amounts due to related parties of . The convertible note is unsecured, bears interest at per annum, has no maturity date and due on demand. The Company recorded a discount on the convertible note due to a beneficial conversion feature of . During the year ended June 30, 2020, the outstanding balance of the note was assigned and assumed in an agreement between the original note holder and a 3 rd party. The principal amount of and accrued interest of was converted into shares of common stock by the new note holder. Dated January 1, 2017 - 3 On January 1, 2017, the Company issued a convertible note with a conversion price of to extinguish amounts due to related parties of (Canadian dollar CAD 4,500). The convertible note is unsecured, bears interest at per annum, has no maturity date and due on demand. The Company recorded a discount on the convertible note due to a beneficial conversion feature of (CAD 4,500). The difference of amount was a result of change of exchange rate. During the year ended June 30, 2020, the outstanding balance of the note was assigned and assumed in an agreement between the original note holder and a 3 rd party. The principal amount of and accrued interest of was converted into shares of common stock by the new note holder. Dated June 30, 2017 On June 30, 2017, the Company issued a convertible note with a conversion price of to pay operating expenses of . The convertible note is unsecured, bears interest at per annum, has no maturity date and due on demand. The Company recorded a discount on the convertible note due to a beneficial conversion feature of . Dated April 1, 2018 - 1 and 2 On April 1, 2018, the Company issued 2 convertible notes totaling of with a conversion price of to pay a purchase of a patent of . The convertible note is unsecured, bears interest at per annum, has no maturity date and is due on demand. The Company recorded a discount on the convertible note due to a beneficial conversion feature of . Dated June 30, 2018 On June 30, 2018, the Company issued a convertible note with a conversion price of to pay operating expenses of . The convertible note is unsecured, bears interest at per annum, has no maturity date and is due on demand. The Company recorded a discount on the convertible note due to a beneficial conversion feature of . Dated July 5, 2018 - 1, 2 and 3 On June 30, 2018, the Company issued 3 convertible notes totaling of with a conversion price of to extinguish amounts due to related parties of . The convertible notes are unsecured, bears interest at per annum, has no maturity date and is due on demand. The Company recorded a discount on the convertible notes due to a beneficial conversion feature of . Dated December 31, 2018 On December 31, 2018, the Company issued a convertible note with a conversion price of to pay operating expenses of . The convertible note is unsecured, bears interest at per annum, has no maturity date and is due on demand. The Company recorded a discount on the convertible notes due to a beneficial conversion feature of . 21 Table of Contents to pay operating expenses of . The convertible note is unsecured, bears interest at per annum, has no maturity date and is due on demand. The Company recorded a discount on the convertible notes due to a beneficial conversion feature of . Effective January 28, 2020, the Company amended a convertible note. The Note reduces the interest rate from to and changes the conversion price from to . Effective January 28, 2020, the Note of was assigned to Evergreen Solutions Ltd., and was immediately converted for the issuance of shares of common stock of the Company resulting in a change of control. Dated June 30, 2019 On June 30, 2019, the Company issued a convertible note with a conversion price of to pay operating expenses of . The convertible note is unsecured, bears interest at per annum, has no maturity date and is due on demand. The Company recorded a discount on the convertible notes due to a beneficial conversion feature of . Dated September 30, 2019 On September 30, 2019, the Company issued a convertible note with a conversion price of to pay operating expenses of . The convertible note is unsecured, bears interest at per annum, has no maturity date and is due on demand. The Company recorded a discount on the convertible notes due to a beneficial conversion feature of . Dated December 31, 2019 On December 31, 2019, the Company issued a convertible note with a conversion price of to pay operating expenses of . The convertible note is unsecured, bears interest at per annum, has no maturity date and is due on demand. The Company recorded a discount on the convertible notes due to a beneficial conversion feature of . Dated March 31, 2020 On March 31, 2020, the Company issued a convertible note with a conversion price of to pay operating expenses of . The convertible note is unsecured, bears interest at per annum, has no maturity date and is due on demand. The Company recorded a discount on the convertible notes due to a beneficial conversion feature of . Dated June 30, 2020 On June 30, 2020, the Company issued a convertible note with a conversion price of to pay operating expenses of . The convertible note is unsecured, bears interest at per annum, has no maturity date and is due on demand. The Company recorded a discount on the convertible notes due to a beneficial conversion feature of . and for operating expenses on behalf of the Company, respectively. As of June 30, 2021 and 2020, the Company was obligated to the officer, for an unsecured, non-interest-bearing demand loan with a balance of and , respectively. 22 Table of Contents to accounts payable and accrued liabilities. shares of preferred stock at a par value of . No shares were issued and outstanding as of June 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Common Stock The Company is authorized to issue shares of common stock at a par value of . During the year ended June 30, 2021, shares of common stock were canceled, which owned by our major shareholder who is also our CEO. During the year ended June 30, 2020, the Company issued shares of common stock for conversion of debt of . As at June 30, 2021 and 2020, and shares of common stock were issued and outstanding, respectively. As at June 30, 2021 and 2020, there were no warrants or options outstanding. Valuation Net benefit The cumulative tax effect at the expected rate of 21 of significant items comprising our net deferred tax amount is as follows: Less: change in valuation allowance Net deferred tax asset Due to the change in ownership provisions of the Income Tax laws of United States of America, net operating loss carry forwards of approximately 146,000 for federal income tax reporting purposes are subject to annual limitations. When a change in ownership occurs, net operating loss carry forwards may be limited as to use in future years. 23 Table of Contents ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE Not Applicable. ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act). Based on this evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as of June 30, 2021, concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) are not effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act was recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure for the reasons noted below. Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting Our management is also responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act. Our company s internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that; Pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of our company; and Provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and That our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our company s management and directors; and Provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. As of June 30, 2021, management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this evaluation, management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting for that period was not effective. Management has identified the following material weaknesses and is taking action to remedy and remove the weakness in its internal controls over financial reporting: Lack of an independent board of directors, including an independent financial expert. The current board of directors is evaluating expanding the board of directors to include additional independent directors. Lack of segregation of duties and adequate documentation of our internal controls. The inability of our company to prepare and file its financial statements timely due to its limited financial and personnel resources. Lack of multiple levels of review in our company s financial reporting process. 24 Table of Contents Changes in internal control over financial reporting There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting identified by management s evaluation pursuant to Rules 13a-15(d) or 15d-15(d) of the Exchange Act during the most recent fiscal quarter that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. Limitations on the Effectiveness of Controls Our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, does not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures or our internal controls will prevent all error and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues, misstatements, errors, and instances of fraud, if any, within our company have been or will be prevented or detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision making can be faulty, and that breakdowns can occur because of a simple error or mistake. Additionally, controls can be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people, or by management or Board override of the control. The design of any system of controls also is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions; over time, controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Because of the inherent limitations in a cost-effective control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. This annual report does not include a standard internal control report by our company s registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by our company s registered public accounting firm pursuant to current rules of the SEC that permit our company, as a smaller reporting company, to provide only management s report in this annual report. ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION Except as provided above, there is no information to be disclosed in a report on Form 8-K during the fourth quarter of the year covered by this Form 10-K that has not been previously filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 25 Table of Contents PART III ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE (a) - (b) Identification of Directors and Executive Officers. The Company: The following individuals are current members of our Board of Directors and executive officers; all of the members of the Board are appointed until their respective successor is elected or until their resignation. Name Age Positions Held Date of Appointment Aleksander Vucak 49 President, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Secretary and Director September 28, 2020 (c) Identification of certain significant employees. Our company currently does not have any significant employees. (d) Family relationships. None. (e) Business experience. Aleksander Vucak, President, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Secretary, Treasurer and Director Mr. Vucak, age 48, began his career in private banking at Donner und Reuschel in Germany after graduating. Following his tenure at the bank, Mr. Vucak then founded in 2002 the management consultancy company Comvel which launched his career as an independent entrepreneur. Mr. Vucak founded several of Germany s best-known travel portals including weg.de, Ferien.de and fly.pl. After his success at building his own companies, Aleksander was brought in to help TUI, the multi-billion-dollar Germany-based multinational, overhaul its operations thanks to a digital transformation that required significant restructuring. Our company believes that Mr. Vucak s professional background experience gives him the qualifications and skills necessary to serve as a director and officer of our company. 26 Table of Contents Employment Agreements We have no formal employment agreements with any of our directors or officers. (f) Involvement in certain legal proceedings. To the best of our knowledge, none of our directors or executive officers has, during the past ten years: 1. been convicted in a criminal proceeding or been subject to a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor offences); 2. had any bankruptcy petition filed by or against the business or property of the person, or of any partnership, corporation or business association of which he was a general partner or executive officer, either at the time of the bankruptcy filing or within two years prior to that time; 3. been subject to any order, judgment, or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction or federal or state authority, permanently or temporarily enjoining, barring, suspending or otherwise limiting, his involvement in any type of business, securities, futures, commodities, investment, banking, savings and loan, or insurance activities, or to be associated with persons engaged in any such activity; 4. been found by a court of competent jurisdiction in a civil action or by the SEC or the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have violated a federal or state securities or commodities law, and the judgment has not been reversed, suspended, or vacated; 5. been the subject of, or a party to, any federal or state judicial or administrative order, judgment, decree, or finding, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated (not including any settlement of a civil proceeding among private litigants), relating to an alleged violation of any federal or state securities or commodities law or regulation, any law or regulation respecting financial institutions or insurance companies including, but not limited to, a temporary or permanent injunction, order of disgorgement or restitution, civil money penalty or temporary or permanent cease-and-desist order, or removal or prohibition order, or any law or regulation prohibiting mail or wire fraud or fraud in connection with any business entity; or 6. been the subject of, or a party to, any sanction or order, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any self-regulatory organization (as defined in Section 3(a)(26) of the Exchange Act (15 U.S.C. 78c(a)(26)), any registered entity (as defined in Section 1(a)(29) of the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1(a)(29)), or any equivalent exchange, association, entity or organization that has disciplinary authority over its members or persons associated with a member. Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance Our common stock is not registered pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). Accordingly, our executive officers and directors and persons who own more than 10 of a registered class of our equity securities are not subject to the beneficial ownership reporting requirements of Section 16(1) of the Exchange Act. We have not adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics. Board and Committee Meetings Our board of directors held no formal meetings during the year ended June 30, 2021. All proceedings of the board of directors were conducted by resolutions consented to in writing by all the directors and filed with the minutes of the proceedings of the directors. Such resolutions consented to in writing by the directors entitled to vote on that resolution at a meeting of the directors are, according to the Delaware General Corporation Law and our Bylaws, as valid and effective as if they had been passed at a meeting of the directors duly called and held. Nomination Process As of June 30, 2021, we did not effect any material changes to the procedures by which our shareholders may recommend nominees to our board of directors. Our board of directors does not have a policy with regards to the consideration of any director candidates recommended by our shareholders. Our board of directors has determined that it is in the best position to evaluate our company s requirements as well as the qualifications of each candidate when the board considers a nominee for a position on our board of directors. If shareholders wish to recommend candidates directly to our board, they may do so by sending communications to the president of our company at the address on the cover of this annual report. Audit Committee We do not have an Audit Committee. The Company s board of directors performs some of the same functions of an Audit Committee, such as; recommending a firm of independent certified public accountants to audit the financial statements; reviewing the auditors independence, the financial statements and their audit report; and reviewing management s administration of the system of internal accounting controls. The Company does not currently have a written audit committee charter or similar document. Audit Committee Financial Expert Currently our audit committee consists of our entire board of directors. We do not currently have a director who is qualified to act as the head of the audit committee. 27 Table of Contents ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION The particulars of the compensation paid to the following persons: (a) our principal executive officer; (b) each of our two most highly compensated executive officers who were serving as executive officers at the end of the years ended June 30, 2021 and 2020; and (c) up to two additional individuals for whom disclosure would have been provided under (b) but for the fact that the individual was not serving as our executive officer at the end of the years ended June 30, 2021 and 2019, who we will collectively refer to as the named executive officers of our company, are set out in the following summary compensation table, except that no disclosure is provided for any named executive officer, other than our principal executive officers, whose total compensation did not exceed 100,000 for the respective fiscal year: SUMMARY COMPENSATION TABLE Name and Principal Position Year Salary ) Bonus ) Stock Awards ) Option Awards ) Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensa-tion ) Change in Pension Value and Nonqualified Deferred Compensa-tion Earnings ) All Other Compensa-tion ) Total ) Aleksander Vucak (1) 2021 - - - - - - - - President, CEO, CFO, Secretary and Director 2020 N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A Marc Applbaum (2) 2021 - - - - - - - - President, CEO, CFO, Secretary and Director 2020 N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A David Magana Gonzalez (3) 2021 - - - - - - - - Former President, CEO, CFO, Secretary and Director 2020 - - - - - - - - Cohen Mizrahi (4) 2021 N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A Former President, CEO, CFO, Secretary and Director 2020 - - - - - - - - 28 Table of Contents Except as disclosed, there are no arrangements or plans in which we provide pension, retirement or similar benefits for directors or executive officers. Our directors and executive officers may receive share options at the discretion of our board of directors in the future. We do not have any material bonus or profit sharing plans pursuant to which cash or non-cash compensation is or may be paid to our directors or executive officers, except that share options may be granted at the discretion of our board of directors. (1) Mr. Vucak was appointed President, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Secretary and Director on September 28, 2020. (2) Mr. Applbaum was appointed President, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Secretary and Director on July 22, 2020 and resigned all positions on September 28, 2020 (3) Mr. Gonzalez resigned all positions on July 22, 2020. (4) Dr. Cohen Mizrahi resigned all positions on February 3, 2020. Grants of Plan-Based Awards During the fiscal year ended June 30, 2021 we did not grant any stock options. Option Exercises and Stock Vested During our fiscal year ended June 30, 2021 there were no options exercised by our named officers. Compensation of Directors We do not have any agreements for compensating our directors for their services in their capacity as directors, although such directors are expected in the future to receive stock options to purchase shares of our common stock as awarded by our board of directors. 29 Table of Contents ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS The following table sets forth certain information concerning the number of shares of our common stock owned beneficially as of September 15, 2021by: (i) each person (including any group) known to us to own more than five percent (5 of any class of our voting securities, (ii) members of our Board of Directors, and or (iii) our executive officers. Unless otherwise indicated, the stockholder listed possesses sole voting and investment power with respect to the shares shown. Name and Address of Beneficial Owner Amount and Nature of Beneficial Ownership Percentage of Class (1) Aleksander Vucak Gewerbestrasse 10, Cham, Switzerland 6330 Nil Nil Directors and Executive Officers as a Group Nil Nil Aunken Ventures, LLC 8255 SW 72 Ct#418 Miami, FL 33143 1,480,000 19.1 Quadra Mobile Media Ltd. Revolution Avenue Ansuya Estate Suite 9 Victoria Seychelles 1,120,000 14.4 Valor Capital 3rd floor Genesis Building Genesis Close Grand Cayman, KY1-1106 Cayman Islands 1,200,000 15.5 Greater than 5 Shareholders as a Group 3,800,000 49.0 _________________ (1) Under Rule 13d-3, a beneficial owner of a security includes any person who, directly or indirectly, through any contract, arrangement, understanding, relationship, or otherwise has or shares: (i) voting power, which includes the power to vote, or to direct the voting of shares; and (ii) investment power, which includes the power to dispose or direct the disposition of shares. Certain shares may be deemed to be beneficially owned by more than one person (if, for example, persons share the power to vote or the power to dispose of the shares). In addition, shares are deemed to be beneficially owned by a person if the person has the right to acquire the shares (for example, upon exercise of an option) within 60 days of the date as of which the information is provided. In computing the percentage ownership of any person, the amount of shares outstanding is deemed to include the amount of shares beneficially owned by such person (and only such person) by reason of these acquisition rights. As a result, the percentage of outstanding shares of any person as shown in this table does not necessarily reflect the person s actual ownership or voting power with respect to the number of shares of common stock actually outstanding on September 15, 2021. As of September 15, 2021 there were 7,753,598 shares of our company s common stock issued and outstanding. 30 Table of Contents ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE Other than as described below, our company has not engaged in any transactions with any of its related persons. Director Independence We currently act with one director, Aleksander Vucak. We have determined we do not have an independent director, as that term is used in Rule 4200(a)(15) of the Rules of National Association of Securities Dealers. Currently our audit committee consists of our entire board of directors. We currently do not have nominating, compensation committees or committees performing similar functions. There has not been any defined policy or procedure requirements for shareholders to submit recommendations or nomination for directors. From inception to present date, we believe that the members of our audit committee and the board of directors have been and are collectively capable of analyzing and evaluating our financial statements and understanding internal controls and procedures for financial reporting. ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES The aggregate fees billed for the most recently completed fiscal year ended June 30, 2021 and for fiscal year ended June 30, 2019 for professional services rendered by the principal accountant for the audit of our annual financial statements and review of the financial statements included in our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and services that are normally provided by the accountant in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements for these fiscal periods were as follows: Fee Category Year Ended June 30, 2021 Year Ended June 30, 2020 Audit Fees 18,500 16,480 Audit-Related Fees - - Tax Fees - - All Other Fees - - Total Fees 18,500 16,480 Audit committee policies procedures We do not currently have a standing audit committee. The above services were approved by our Board of Directors. 31 Table of Contents PART IV ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES (a) Financial Statements (1) Financial statements for our company are listed in the index under Item 8 of this document. (2) All financial statement schedules are omitted because they are not applicable, not material or the required information is shown in the financial statements or notes thereto. (b) Exhibits Exhibit Number Description (31) Rule 13a-14 (d)/15d-14d) Certifications 31.1 Section 302 Certification under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (32) Section 1350 Certifications 32.1 Section 906 Certification under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 101 Interactive Data File 101.INS XBRL Instance Document 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document _________ Filed herewith. XBRL Information is furnished and not filed or a part of a registration statement or prospectus for purposes of Sections 11 or 12 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, is deemed not filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and otherwise is not subject to liability under these sections. ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY None. 32 Table of Contents SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereto duly authorized. BIONOVATE TECHNOLOGIES CORP. Dated: October 13, 2021 By: /s/ Aleksander Vucak Aleksander Vucak President, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Secretary and Director (Principal Executive Officer, Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. Dated: October 13, 2021 /s/ Aleksander Vucak Aleksander Vucak President, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Secretary and Director (Principal Executive Officer, Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 33 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 biio_ex311.htm
 EX-31.1
 
 biio_ex311.htm EXHIBIT 31.1 CERTIFICATION I, Aleksander Vucak, Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of Bionovate Technologies Corp. , certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Form 10-K of Bionovate Technologies Corp. (the Registrant 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this Report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d- 15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have: a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure control and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to me by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under my supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c) evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; d) disclosed in this report any change in the Registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 5. I have disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant's ability to record, process summarize and report financial information; and b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant's internal control over financial reporting. Date: October 13, 2021 /s/ Aleksander Vucak Aleksander Vucak President, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Secretary and Director (Principal Executive Officer, Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 3
 biio_ex321.htm
 EX-32.1
 
 biio_ex321.htm EXHIBIT 32.1 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the Annual Report of Bionovate Technologies Corp. (the "Company") on Form 10-K for the period ended June 30, 2021 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on or about the date hereof (the "Report"), the undersigned, in the capacities and on the dates indicated below, hereby certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to his knowledge: 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. Date: October 13, 2021 /s/ Aleksander Vucak Aleksander Vucak President, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Secretary and Director (Principal Executive Officer, Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 4
 biio-20210630.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 biio-20210630_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.PRE>
 7
 biio-20210630_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 biio-20210630_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

