<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20211117_10-K_edgar_data_1604643_0001604643-21-000094.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>22928398</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>386604</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>4972261</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>7818255</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>4981970</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>4381167</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>15</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001604643-21-000094.hdr.sgml : 20211117
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20211117163257
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001604643-21-000094
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		173
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20210930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20211117
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20211117

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Evoqua Water Technologies Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001604643
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REFRIGERATION & SERVICE INDUSTRY MACHINERY [3580]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0930

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38272
		FILM NUMBER:		211420990

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		210 SIXTH AVENUE
		CITY:			PITTSBURGH
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			15222
		BUSINESS PHONE:		724-772-0044

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		210 SIXTH AVENUE
		CITY:			PITTSBURGH
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			15222

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	EWT Holdings I Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20140403

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001604643-21-000094.txt : 20211117

10-K
 1
 aqua-20210930.htm
 10-K

aqua-20210930 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 (Mark One) 
 Annual Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 For the fiscal year ended or Transition Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 
 For the transition period from __________ to _________ 
 Commission file number: 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code: ) 
 Securities registered pursuant to section 12(b) of the act: Title of each class: Trading Symbol(s): Name of each exchange on which registered: 
 Securities registered pursuant to section 12(g) of the act: None 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer , accelerated filer , smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated filer 
 Non-accelerated filer 
 Smaller reporting company 
 Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of the outstanding common stock, par value per share, of the registrant other than shares held by persons who may be deemed affiliates of the registrant, as of March 31, 2021, the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, was approximately billion. 
 There were shares of the registrant s common stock, par value per share, outstanding as of October 31, 2021. 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

EVOQUA WATER TECHNOLOGIES CORP. 
 INDEX TO FORM 10-K 
 For the Fiscal Year Ended September 30, 2021 
 PART I 
 Item 1 
 Business 
 3 
 Item 1A 
 Risk Factors 
 14 
 Item 1B 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 27 
 Item 2 
 Properties 
 27 
 Item 3 
 Legal Proceedings 
 27 
 Item 4 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 28 
 PART II 
 Item 5 
 Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 29 
 Item 6 
 [Reserved] 
 31 
 Item 7 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 32 
 Item 7A 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 57 
 Item 8 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 59 
 Item 9 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 121 
 Item 9A 
 Controls and Procedures 
 121 
 Item 9B 
 Other Information 
 122 
 Item 9C 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 122 
 PART III 
 Item 10 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 123 
 Item 11 
 Executive Compensation 
 123 
 Item 12 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 123 
 Item 13 
 Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions and Director Independence 
 123 
 Item 14 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 123 
 PART IV 
 Item 15 
 Exhibit s and Financial Statement Schedules 
 124 
 Item 16 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 128 

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K (this Annual Report contains forward looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). You can generally identify forward looking statements by our use of forward looking terminology such as aim, anticipate, assume, believe, continue, could, estimate, expect, goal, intend, may, might, plan, progress, potential, predict, projection, seek, should, will or would or the negative thereof or other variations thereon or comparable terminology. In particular, statements about the markets in which we operate, including growth of our various markets, our expectations, beliefs, plans, strategies, objectives, prospects, assumptions, or future events or performance, statements regarding our restructuring actions and expected restructuring charges and cost savings, statements regarding our cash requirements, working capital needs and expected capital expenditures, statements regarding our expectations for fiscal 2022, customer demand, supply chain challenges, material availability, price/cost, labor shortages, inflation, and general macroeconomic conditions, and statements related to the COVID-19 pandemic and its ongoing impact on our business contained in this Annual Report are forward looking statements. 
 All of these forward looking statements are based on our current expectations, assumptions, estimates, and projections. While we believe these expectations, assumptions, estimates and projections are reasonable, such forward looking statements are only predictions and involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond our control. These and other important factors, including those discussed in Part I, Item 1, Business, Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors, and Part II, Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, of this Annual Report may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to differ materially from any future results, performance, or achievements expressed or implied by these forward looking statements, or could affect our share price. Some of the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by the forward looking statements include, among other things: 
 general global economic and business conditions, including the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic; 
 our ability to execute projects on budget and on schedule; 
 material, freight, and labor inflation, commodity availability constraints, and disruptions in global supply chains and transportation services; 
 
 the potential for us to incur liabilities to customers as a result of warranty claims or failure to meet performance guarantees; 
 our ability to meet our own and our customers safety standards; 
 failure to effectively treat emerging contaminants; 
 our ability to continue to develop or acquire new products, services and solutions that allow us to compete successfully in our markets; 
 our ability to implement our growth strategy, including acquisitions, and our ability to identify suitable acquisition targets; 
 our ability to operate or integrate any acquired businesses, assets or product lines profitably; 
 our ability to achieve the expected benefits of our restructuring actions; 
 delays in enactment or repeals of environmental laws and regulations; 
 the potential for us to become subject to claims relating to handling, storage, release or disposal of hazardous materials; 
 our ability to retain our senior management, skilled technical, engineering, sales, and other key personnel and to attract and retain key talent in increasingly competitive labor markets; 

risks associated with international sales and operations; 
 our ability to adequately protect our intellectual property from third-party infringement; 
 risks related to our contracts with federal, state, and local governments, including risk of termination or modification prior to completion; 
 risks associated with product defects and unanticipated or improper use of our products; 
 our ability to accurately predict the timing of contract awards; 
 risks related to our substantial indebtedness; 
 our increasing dependence on the continuous and reliable operation of our information technology systems; 
 risks related to foreign, federal, state and local environmental, health and safety laws and other applicable laws and regulations and the costs associated therewith; and 
 other risks and uncertainties, including those listed under Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors. 
 Given these risks and uncertainties, you are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward looking statements. The forward looking statements contained in this Annual Report are not guarantees of future performance and our actual results of operations, financial condition and liquidity, and the development of the industry in which we operate, may differ materially from the forward looking statements contained in this Annual Report. In addition, even if our results of operations, financial condition and liquidity, and events in the industry in which we operate, are consistent with the forward looking statements contained in this Annual Report, they may not be predictive of results or developments in future periods. 
 Any forward looking statement that we make in this Annual Report speaks only as of the date of such statement. Except as required by law, we do not undertake any obligation to update or revise, or to publicly announce any update or revision to, any of the forward looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, after the date of this Annual Report. 

Part I 

Item 1. Business 
 
 Company Overview 
 Evoqua Water Technologies Corp. (referred to herein as the Company, Evoqua, we, us, or our was incorporated on October 7, 2013. On January 15, 2014, Evoqua acquired the Water Technologies business unit formerly owned by Siemens AG Siemens ). On November 6, 2017, we completed our initial public offering IPO ), and our common stock began trading on the New York Stock Exchange (the NYSE on November 2, 2017 under the ticker symbol AQUA. 
 
 We are a leading provider of mission-critical water and wastewater treatment solutions, offering a broad portfolio of products, services, and expertise to support customers across various end markets. We are headquartered in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, with locations across ten countries. We have a comprehensive portfolio of differentiated, proprietary technologies offered under market leading and well established brands. Our core technologies are primarily focused on removing impurities from water, rather than neutralizing them through the addition of chemicals. We have worked to protect water, the environment, and our employees for over 100 years. As a result, we have earned a reputation for quality, safety and reliability and are sought out by our customers to solve the full range of their water treatment needs. 
 
 We provide solutions across the entire water cycle. The water cycle begins with influent water, which is sourced from rivers, lakes, and other sources. We treat influent water for use in a wide variety of industrial, commercial, and municipal applications, including use as process water in manufacturing, power generation and other industrial applications, use as ingredient water in the production of food, beverage, and other goods, use in laboratory testing, use by commercial aquatic facilities, and to produce safe drinking water. After the water is used it is considered effluent water, and we treat it to remove impurities so that it can be discharged safely back into the environment or reused for industrial, commercial, or municipal applications. 
 
 3 

We target attractive global end markets that utilize and treat water as a critical part of their operations or production processes, including general manufacturing, healthcare, pharmaceuticals, biotech, power, microelectronics, chemical processing, food and beverage, municipal drinking water and wastewater, aquatics, refining and marine end markets. While a decline in general global and economic conditions could adversely affect us, our business is highly diversified across these key end markets, and we believe that no single end market drives the overall results of our business. 
 
 4 

Our Business Segments 
 Our business is organized into two segments: a customer-facing service organization called Integrated Solutions and Services ISS and a product technology group called Applied Product Technologies APT focused on sales primarily through indirect channels. 
 
 Our ISS segment provides application-specific solutions and full lifecycle services for critical water and wastewater applications across numerous end markets. Our APT segment provides highly differentiated and scalable water and wastewater products and technologies as stand-alone offerings or components in integrated solutions. The chart below reflects revenue by segment for the year ended September 30, 2021: 
 
 The table below provides an overview of our two segments, including their sales channels and a summary of their key offerings as of September 30, 2021. 
 5 

Integrated Solutions and Services Overview Provides application-specific solutions and full lifecycle services across numerous end markets North America focused; extensive service branch footprint and fleet of mobile response equipment Channel Direct sales, organized geographically and by end market Key offerings Outsourced water services, including digitally connected Water One service platform 
 
 Capital equipment for process water and wastewater treatment; related service and aftermarket consumables 
 
 Preventative maintenance service contracts; emergency response services 
 
 Municipal services, including odor and corrosion control services and drinking water treatment systems 
 Applied Product Technologies Overview Provides highly differentiated and scalable products and technologies Global geographic reach serving North America, EMEA, and Asia Pacific Channel Primarily indirect sales through our ISS segment, OEMs, system integrators, sales representatives, regional distributors, and engineering firms 
 Key Offerings Filtration and separation 
 
 Disinfection 
 
 Wastewater technologies 
 
 Anode and electrochlorination technology 
 
 Integrated Solutions and Services Segment 
 Our ISS segment provides application-specific solutions and full lifecycle services to treat process water, utility water and wastewater for customers in end markets including general manufacturing, healthcare, pharmaceuticals, biotech, power, microelectronics, chemical processing, food and beverage, and refining. ISS also provides odor and corrosion control services and drinking water treatment systems for municipalities. ISS offers customers outsourced water service contracts, capital systems and related recurring aftermarket services, parts and consumables, and emergency services. Our outsourced water service contracts include short-term service deionization contracts, averaging one to two years in duration, longer-term build-own-operate contracts, averaging eight to ten years in duration, and event driven mobile fleet deployments, including a growing portfolio of digitally connected technologies encompassed in our Water One service platform. Key capital and related aftermarket service and product offerings include filtration, reverse osmosis, ion exchange and continuous deionization. 
 
 ISS supports service and aftermarket sales through what we believe to be the largest integrated industrial service branch network in North America, which is comprised of certified technicians and our extensive fleet of mobile reverse osmosis and deionization water treatment systems. This is complemented by our digitally connected Water One service platform, which uniquely combines our water expertise, proactive service, proven technology, and data intelligence to continually improve customers water operation management. Our remote monitoring capabilities enable us to optimize 
 6 

our routine service calls through predictive analytics and provide customers a more predictable, cost-efficient water solution. 
 
 ISS partners with customers through our direct sales and service team, which is organized geographically and by end market and is complemented by an inside sales force, field sales engineers, and a growing ecommerce platform. ISS primarily targets four broad categories of customers, principally based on their end markets and main applications. 
 
 Light Industry - Offerings include our digitally connected, usage-based Water One deionized water service, preventative maintenance service contracts, integrated process and wastewater systems, aftermarket consumables, and spare parts. 
 Heavy Industry - Offerings include mobile, rapidly deployable services based on short-term operating contracts, outsourced water services and accompanying technological support, integrated process and wastewater systems, aftermarket consumables, and spare parts. 
 Environmental Solutions - Offerings include activated carbon, wastewater ion exchange, hydrostatic water testing, degassing services, and groundwater remediation solutions. 
 Municipal Services - Offerings include odor and corrosion control and disinfection capabilities, including digitally connected, remote monitoring and automated control solutions and multi-product liquid and vapor phase product combinations for wastewater collection. We also provide municipal service solutions for drinking water treatment and distribution. 
 
 Applied Product Technologies Segment 
 Our APT segment sells differentiated and scalable products and technologies to a diverse set of water treatment system integrators and end users globally. The portfolio of technologies offered by APT includes filtration, separation, disinfection, wastewater treatment, electrochlorination, and anode offerings. 
 
 APT sells these products and technologies as stand-alone offerings and components in integrated solutions both through our ISS segment and to a global customer base comprised of OEMs, system integrators, regional distributors, engineering firms and various other end users that we reach through multiple established sales and aftermarket channels. APT targets customers principally based on their end markets and primary application. 
 
 Advanced Filtration and Separation Offerings include VAF self-cleaning filters, Ionpure electrodeionization systems, Vortisand filtration systems, filter presses and related consumables and aftermarket products, targeting customers in the microelectronics, pharmaceutical and power end markets. 
 Disinfection Offerings include a wide range of chemical and non-chemical disinfection technologies, including low and medium pressure ultraviolet (UV), ozone, onsite hypochlorite generation, chlorine and chlorine dioxide systems, targeting municipal drinking water, industrial, light manufacturing, commercial, and aquatics customers worldwide. 
 Wastewater Technologies - Offerings include advanced biological treatment, clarification, filtration, nutrient removal, biosolid, and field-erected biological wastewater treatment plant solutions. We also provide aftermarket and retrofit solutions to our extensive installed base. We sell primarily through a network of municipal sales representatives across the U.S. 
 Aquatics - Offerings include our Defender regenerative media filters, sand filters, analyzers, controllers and related accessories, targeting commercial aquatics designers, municipal and recreational pools and leisure facilities, fountains, water features, and recreational waterparks. 
 7 

Electrochlorination Offerings include onsite sodium hypochlorite generating systems for maritime, oil and gas, power and military customers, maritime growth prevention systems used on military and commercial ships and in offshore oil and gas applications, and anodes used in mining, chemical processing, light industrial, microelectronics, metal finishing, electroplating, and swimming pool chlorination applications. 
 
 Customers 
 Our customers span a diverse range of end markets, including general manufacturing, healthcare, pharmaceuticals, biotech, power, microelectronics, chemical processing, food and beverage, municipal drinking water and wastewater, aquatics, refining and marine end markets. We sell directly to end users in these end markets and also to intermediaries, such as OEMs, system integrators, regional distributors, and engineering firms. Our business is not dependent on any single customer or end market. During the year ended September 30, 2021, no single customer accounted for more than 1.3 of our revenue, and our top ten customers accounted for approximately 7.4 of our revenue. 
 
 We provide products, services, and solutions to federal, state and local government customers both directly and indirectly as a supplier to general contractors. Many of our government contracts contain a termination for convenience clause, regardless of whether we are the prime contractor or a subcontractor. Upon a termination for convenience, we are generally able to recover the purchase price for delivered items and reimbursement of allowable work in process costs. 
 Suppliers 
 We maintain a cost-effective and diversified procurement program focused on supply chain continuity and customer fulfillment, utilizing strong relationships with strategic suppliers across key commodities. The top materials in our supply chain include chemicals, membranes, resin, metal fabrications, carbon, and electrical components. Procurement strategy within the project environment is focused on ensuring our ability to meet individual customer needs, with particular focus on more complex installation projects. We seek to in-source products that align with our existing manufacturing core competencies and that enable us to provide our customers with the highest level of value. Our diversified supply base spans across multiple suppliers and geographies, which we believe enables us to be cost-effective and responsive while also embracing our sustainability objectives. 
 Seasonality 
 Our business may exhibit seasonality resulting from our customers increasing demand for our products and services during the spring and summer months as compared to the fall and winter months. For example, we experience increased demand for our odor control product lines and services in the warmer months which, together with other factors, typically results in improved performance in the second half of our fiscal year. Inclement weather and extreme weather events, such as hurricanes, winter storms, droughts, and floods, can also have varying impacts on our business. Certain events may cause customer shutdowns that prevent or defer our performance of services or sale of equipment, while other events may drive increased demand for our products and services, particularly emergency response services. As a result, our results from operations may vary from period to period. 
 Sales and Marketing 
 Our ISS segment markets its offerings through a direct sales and service team, which is organized geographically and by end market and is complemented by an inside sales force, field sales engineers and a growing e-commerce platform. Our key end markets served by our ISS segment are general manufacturing, healthcare, pharmaceuticals, biotech, power, microelectronics, chemical processing, food and beverage, and refining. As of September 30, 2021, our ISS segment included approximately 350 employees in sales and marketing roles and a services network of approximately 950 employees in field service and application engineering roles. 
 8 

Our APT segment markets its offerings primarily through indirect channels to serve the global market or through our ISS segment s sales organization as part of broader solutions. APT maintains relationships with OEMs, system integrators, sales representatives, regional distributors, engineering firms, and various other end users through our direct technical sales force to drive adoption of our offerings. APT maintains a comprehensive municipal representative network in the U.S., providing us with an opportunity to influence specifications and the basis of design for new treatment facilities. As of September 30, 2021, we had active relationships with more than 240 distributors and sales representatives. 
 
 Growth Opportunities 
 We believe the global water market is well positioned to grow, supported by a variety of anticipated secular trends that will drive demand for clean water across a multitude of industrial, commercial, and municipal applications. These secular trends include water and climate risk, health and safety, connectivity and overall economic growth. Less predictable water availability and increased water scarcity are among the anticipated effects of climate change. Accessing water from current sources is becoming increasingly challenging, so the development of non-traditional sources of water and recycle and reuse technologies will be required. 
 The supply of clean water could be further impacted by factors including aging water infrastructure within North America and increased levels of water stress from seasonal rainfall, inadequate water storage options or treatment technologies. As global consumption patterns evolve and water shortages persist, we expect demand for solutions and services will continue to increase. Additionally, a decrease in the supply of clean water, as well as a heightened focus on environmental sustainability across various end markets, may increase the demand for closed-loop solutions that allow recycling and reuse of effluent water for certain applications. In order to position the company to meet this demand, key elements of our growth strategy include: 
 
 Provide a higher value-add service-based business model to our customers. Many of our customers require water that meets a particular specification to facilitate the operation of their own businesses. Our goal is to provide reliable water treatment solutions by combining our products and technologies with our extensive service and distribution capabilities, enabling our customers to outsource their water treatment needs to us and focus on their core businesses. Our outsourced water offerings are high value add solutions utilizing our owned assets to generate service revenue. An example is our Water One service platform, which uses digitally connected remote monitoring technology to provide customers with predictive and proactive service, usage-based pricing, and simplified billing. 
 
 Drive margin expansion and cash flow improvements through continued focus on strategic pricing, operational excellence, execution and cost savings initiatives. During the year ended September 30, 2021, we deployed a more robust strategic pricing program to focus on efficient and effective price increase implementation with the objective of ensuring more immediate recovery of increased supply chain costs and capturing appropriate value for our innovations. Dedicated resources and systems have been put in place to institutionalize these practices. In parallel, we are pursuing several discrete initiatives that, if successful, we expect could result in additional cost savings over the next two years. These initiatives include our continuing supply chain improvement program to consolidate and manage global spending, our improved logistics and transportation management program, capturing benefits of our Water One service platform and further optimizing our engineering cost structure, our global shared services organization and our sales, inventory and operations planning, including footprint rationalization. Furthermore, as a result of significant investments we have made in our footprint and facilities, we believe we have the capacity to support our planned growth without commensurate increases in fixed costs. 
 
 Continue to expand our capabilities for the treatment of increasingly complex emerging contaminants. Emerging contaminants such as PFAS, PFOA, selenium, micro-plastics and many others, may present global health risks if not properly removed from drinking water, process water and wastewater. We believe we have one of the leading portfolios of water treatment products and solutions to remove emerging contaminants from water including granular activated carbon, ion exchange resin, reverse osmosis, and advanced oxidation processes. In addition, we have an extensive service branch network, located predominantly in the United States, as well as a large fleet of mobile assets to respond quickly to customers water treatment needs. 
 
 9 

Continue to evaluate and pursue accretive acquisitions to add new technologies, attractive geographic regions and end markets. As a complement to our organic growth initiatives, we view acquisitions as a key element of our overall growth strategy. We target acquisitions that we believe will enable us to accelerate our growth in our current addressable market, new geographies, and new end market verticals. Our existing customer relationships, channels to market and ability to rapidly commercialize technologies provide a strong platform to drive growth in the businesses we acquire. To capitalize on these opportunities, we have built an experienced team dedicated to mergers and acquisitions that has helped us expand our vertical markets and geographic reach and enhance our portfolio of technologies. 
 
 During the year ended September 30, 2021, we completed the following acquisitions: 
 
 On December 17, 2020, we acquired the industrial water business of Ultrapure Industrial Services, LLC Ultrapure for 8.7 million cash paid at closing. On April 1, 2021, we paid an additional 0.3 million as a result of net working capital adjustments. Ultrapure, based out of Texas, provides customers across multiple end markets with a variety of water treatment products and services, including service deionization, reverse osmosis, UV, and ozonation. Ultrapure will strengthen our service capabilities in the Houston and Dallas markets and is a part of our ISS segment. 
 
 On April 1, 2021, we acquired the assets of Water Consulting Specialists, Inc WCSI for 12.0 million cash paid at closing. WCSI is a leader in the design, manufacturing, and service of industrial high-purity water treatment systems. The acquisition strengthens our portfolio of high-purity water treatment systems and provides the opportunity to further expand its digitally enabled solutions and services in key industrial markets. WCSI is a part of our ISS segment. 

Research, Development and Engineering 
 We utilize a disciplined, stage-gate process consisting of development, field test, commercialization, supply chain and sourcing decisions to identify and develop new technologies for commercialization. We also partner with leading universities, research centers and other outside agencies to explore potential developments. 
 
 As of September 30, 2021, our global research, development, and engineering footprint included seven facilities located in the U.S., the United Kingdom, the Netherlands, Germany and India, staffed with managers, scientists, researchers, engineers, and technicians. In October 2021, we opened a new Sustainability and Innovation Hub in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. This 18,000 square-foot facility houses a hands-on demonstration and training area, a pilot testing environment, and a laboratory to grow our analytical and feasibility study capacity. We expect this facility to advance our research and development capabilities and enable further development of sustainable water treatment technologies. Our total expected investment in this facility is approximately 5.6 million, of which 3.5 million has been recognized as of September 30, 2021. 

Intellectual Property 
 Our intellectual property and proprietary rights are important to our business, but we do not believe our business as a whole to be materially dependent on any single patent, trade secret or trademark. As of September 30, 2021, we have approximately 1,600 granted or pending patents (after giving effect to patents transferred as a result of acquisitions and dispositions to date). We undertake to strategically and proactively develop our intellectual property portfolio by pursuing patent protection, obtaining copyrights and registering our trademarks in the U.S. and in foreign countries. We currently rely primarily on patent, trademark, copyright and trade secret laws, and control access to our intellectual property through license agreements, confidentiality procedures, nondisclosure agreements with third parties, employment agreements and other contractual rights, to protect our intellectual property rights. 
 10 

Competition 
 Our industry is highly fragmented and includes a number of regional and niche offering focused competitors. Competition is largely based on product performance and reliability, pricing of products and services, ability to provide service and support, application expertise and process knowledge, brand reputation, energy and water efficiency, product compliance with regulatory and environmental requirements, product lifecycle cost, scalability, timeliness of delivery, the proximity of service centers to customers and the effectiveness of distribution channels. Within each of our segments and the various businesses that comprise them, we compete with a variety of companies, but we do not consider any single company to be a key competitor to our business as a whole. 
 
 Backlog 
 Backlog represents the expected future revenue for unfulfilled and remaining performance obligations for capital projects where neither Evoqua nor the customer can terminate the contract without penalty. As of September 30, 2021, our backlog was approximately 275.6 million. 

Human Capital Resources 
 We believe our talent within the organization is key to our long-term success. Our human capital management philosophy and objectives focus on creating a high-performance culture in which employees are highly enabled, empowered, and accountable to deliver results. As of September 30, 2021, we had approximately 4,000 employees. Of these employees, approximately 59 were full-time salaried staff and the remaining employees consisted of a mix of full-time and part-time hourly workers. Approximately 75 of our employees work in our U.S. operations and approximately 25 work in foreign operations. None of our facilities in the U.S. or Canada are covered by collective bargaining agreements. As is common in Germany and the Netherlands, our employee populations there are represented by works councils. 
 
 The health, safety and well-being of our employees is our top priority. Fostering a safe working environment is critical to our ability to attract and retain talent and to earn and keep the trust of our customers. In order to do so, our Environmental, Health and Safety team conducts monthly safety reviews at the executive level, reviews each recordable accident with our CEO and leadership team, conducts quarterly reviews with our Board of Directors, routinely reviews key performance indicators, and conducts regular facility audits. Every employee is empowered to stop work when they have a concern or see the potential for injury. Throughout the COVID-19 pandemic, we have remained focused on protecting the health, safety and well-being of our employees and managing the business to preserve our workforce. We have implemented safety plans and protocols following guidance from the Centers for Disease Control, World Health Organization, and other federal, state, local and international regulations, and we continue to evolve our corporate and site-specific crisis management teams to actively manage and ensure compliance with these plans and protocols. 
 
 We are currently operating in an extremely challenging talent market. Market hiring surges, increased attrition and shifting work expectations have significantly impacted the attraction and retention of talent, creating a hyper-competitive global marketplace. We understand that our long-term success will require a differentiated, targeted approach to talent attraction and retention. In response to these challenges, we took a number of actions in 2021 in an effort to enhance our ability to attract and retain diverse talent. 
 
 We learned through employee surveys, stay interviews, and exit survey data that career development and recognition were two key factors that might influence our employees to consider leaving the organization. In response, we developed six enterprise-wide career paths designed to help employees in certain roles establish career development plans. We also put in place processes to advance our internal talent placements, ensuring cross-segment and cross-functional internal talent moves are occurring across the organization, to help employees achieve the objectives of their development plans. We plan to launch a global recognition program in 2022 to ensure the accomplishments of our employees are better acknowledged. 
 
 11 

We recently launched workstreams in two key focus areas: total compensation, with a deeper focus on sign-on and referral bonuses, and branding and advertising within the talent market, with a heightened focus on Inclusion and Diversity and Sustainability. 
 
 We launched our flexible work approach that balances the benefits of working remotely with the experience of working on-site. 
 
 Our Inclusion Diversity (ID) strategy is also critical to our long-term success, and we continuously strive to improve the diversity of our workforce through inclusive practices and actions. Through our ID action plan, we launched a Business Resource Group called the Evoqua Inclusion Network (EIN) in September 2021, which is tasked with identifying action opportunities that promote inclusion and minimize unconscious bias. Specific actions taken to date include the dissemination to all global employees of an unconscious bias learning program, enhancement of our benefits offerings with our flexible work approach, updating our internal and external branding materials focusing on ID, and implementing recruiting strategies to better attract diversity, such as blind resumes and diverse interview panels. 
 
 We are working to improve gender diversity at all levels of the business through our ID strategy and action plan. As of September 30, 2021, women make up approximately 20 of our global employee population and approximately 15 of our leadership roles, defined as director level and above. In 2021, we saw an increase of approximately 23 in gender diversity in leadership roles within the organization, and we have seen an increase of approximately 95 in gender diversity in leadership roles from September 30, 2018 to September 30, 2021. 
 
 We embrace inclusion and diversity not only in our employment practices but also in our director selection. Since October 2018, our Corporate Governance Guidelines have provided that diverse candidates, including women and minorities, must be included in each pool of candidates from which we select new directors, otherwise known as the Rooney Rule. Forty percent of our current Board members self-identify as diverse, in terms of race, ethnicity or gender, including three of the four directors that have joined our Board since our initial public offering. 

Government Regulation and Environmental Matters 
 We are subject to extensive and varied laws and regulations in the jurisdictions in which we operate, including those relating to anti corruption and trade, anti-money laundering, import and export compliance, antitrust, data security and privacy, employment, workplace safety, product safety, public health and safety, environmental compliance, intellectual property, transportation, zoning, and fire codes. Our policies mandate compliance with all applicable laws and regulations, and we operate our business in accordance with standards and procedures designed to comply with these laws and regulations. 
 
 The geographic breadth of our facilities and the nature of our operations subject our operations and products to extensive environmental, health and safety laws, regulations, and permits, domestically and internationally, at national, state, and local levels throughout the world. Such laws, regulations and permits relate to, among other things, air emissions, potable and non-potable water and wastewater treatment, wastewater discharge, the generation, handling, storage, use, transport, treatment and disposal of non-hazardous and hazardous materials and wastes, product safety and workplace health and safety. These laws and regulations impose a variety of requirements and restrictions on our operations and the products we distribute, and they could increase our cost of producing certain products or make certain products obsolete or less attractive in the marketplace. The failure by us to comply with these laws and regulations could result in fines, penalties, enforcement actions, third party claims, damage to property or natural resources, personal injury claims, requirements to investigate or cleanup property or to pay for the costs of investigation or cleanup or regulatory or judicial orders 
 12 

requiring corrective measures, including the installation of pollution control equipment, remedial actions or the pulling of products from the market, and could negatively impact our reputation with customers. 
 
 Many of the customers that we serve are subject to the same or similar environmental, health and safety laws and regulations. Compliance with these laws by our customers could result in increased or decreased demand for our products and services. 
 
 Specific laws and regulations that may affect our operations or demand for our products and services include, among others, the following. 
 
 The federal Clean Water Act (the CWA and comparable state, local and foreign laws that regulate the discharge of pollutants into streams and other waters. These laws may limit the quantity of pollutants in water discharges and require persons to apply for and obtain permits and conduct sampling and monitoring, and in some cases, treat the water. Changes in limits on the quantity of pollutants and the types of pollutants under the CWA and comparable state, local or foreign laws could affect demand for our products or services or create liability for us as the result of contamination in water we treat. 
 
 The federal Safe Drinking Water Act (the SDWA and comparable state, local and foreign laws that set standards for drinking water quality and protect sources of public drinking water. The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (the EPA has issued standards for microorganisms, disinfectants, disinfection byproducts, inorganic chemicals, organic chemicals, and radionuclides. Changes in the SDWA or comparable state, local or foreign standards, including the addition of newly-regulated contaminants, could affect demand for our products and services and/or result in the obsolescence of our products or lead to an interruption or suspension of our operations. Additionally, increased public awareness of the presence and human health impacts of manmade chemicals and naturally occurring contaminants in drinking water may increase demand for our municipal service offerings. Correspondingly, if stringent laws or regulations are delayed or are not enacted, or repealed or amended to be less stringent, or enacted with prolonged phase in periods, or not enforced, then demand for our products and services may also be reduced. 
 
 The Resource Conservation and Recovery Act RCRA and comparable state, local and foreign laws that regulate substances designated as hazardous waste. Our operations involve the generation, handling, storage, use, transport, treatment and disposal of non-hazardous and hazardous materials and wastes. Changes in materials covered or treatment, storage, and disposal requirements under RCRA and comparable state, local or foreign standards could result in increased operating costs or require additional investment in our covered facilities. 
 
 The Comprehensive, Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act CERCLA and comparable state, local and foreign laws. The Company has been subject to claims under CERCLA, which can impose joint and several liability on potentially responsible parties for costs of investigation and remediation and for natural resource damages, without regard to fault or the legality of the original conduct, on certain classes of persons with respect to the release into the environment of specified substances, including, under CERCLA, those designated as hazardous substances. 
 
 The Toxic Substances Control Act (the TSCA ), the Federal Insecticide, Fungicide and Rodenticide Act (the FIFRA ), and comparable state, local and foreign laws that regulate the manufacture and/or distribution of certain chemical substances and/or disinfection equipment. These laws may require ongoing submissions to the EPA or state environmental agencies, including, but not limited to, information on the chemistry and toxicology of the chemical substance or products, registrations, notification, and other requirements before such products can be manufactured, distributed, or sold. Changes in these laws could affect demand for our products and services, increase our cost of operations, result in the obsolescence of our products or lead to an interruption or suspension of our operations. 
 13 

We are not aware of any pending environmental compliance or remediation matters that, in the opinion of management, are reasonably likely to have a material effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations or prospects. 

Available Information 
 Our internet address is www.evoqua.com. We are subject to the informational requirements of the Exchange Act, and in accordance therewith, we file reports, proxy and information statements and other information with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). Our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and any amendments to these reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, as well as our sustainability reports, are available free of charge through the Investors section of our website. These materials are generally made available on our website as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file them with, or furnish them to, the SEC. The information contained on our website is not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report. In addition to our website, you may read our reports, proxy and information statements, and other information that we file electronically with the SEC at www.sec.gov. 
 
 We intend to make future announcements regarding Company developments and financial performance on the Investors section of our website, www.evoqua.com, as well as through press releases, filings with the SEC, conference calls, and webcasts. 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 The following risks and uncertainties could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations or prospects. Although the risks are organized by headings and each risk is described separately, many of the risks are interrelated. While we believe we have identified and discussed below the key risk factors affecting our business, there may be additional risks and uncertainties that are not presently known or that are not currently believed to be significant that may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations or prospects in the future. Any one or more of such factors could directly or indirectly cause our actual results of operations and financial condition to vary materially from past or anticipated future results of operations and financial condition. 
 Business and Operational Risks 
 The COVID-19 pandemic has adversely affected, and may continue to adversely affect, our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 The COVID-19 pandemic, the resulting global economic slowdown, and the reopening of global economies that has followed have created a number of macroeconomic challenges that have impacted our business, including volatility and uncertainty in business planning, disruptions in global supply chains, material, freight and labor inflation, shortages of and delays in obtaining certain materials and component parts, and labor shortages. To date, the pandemic has negatively impacted sales volume across our business, due primarily to customer site access restrictions, temporary customer site closures, and temporary delays in annual maintenance activities by customers in certain end markets. Further, certain of our customers have restricted access to their sites such that only our vaccinated employees may enter such sites, which may delay our timely provision of services to them. 
 
 The COVID-19 pandemic has also heightened risks associated with our operations. Our service technicians enter high-risk areas such as hospitals and testing laboratories, putting them at greater risk of exposure to the virus. An outbreak among our service technician population or an outbreak among employees at any of our manufacturing facilities, which may require us to suspend or reduce operations at that facility, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Additionally, a large number of our employees continue to work remotely, resulting in increased cyber-security risk. 
 Further, the Occupational Safety and Health Administration, acting at the direction of the President of the United States, published a Temporary Emergency Standard requiring certain companies to vaccinate their employees or test those who are not vaccinated at least once per week. This could impact employee retention or increase our costs of operation. If we 
 14 

are unable to respond to and manage the impact of these events, our business and results of operations may be adversely affected. Additionally, if we are unable to comply with these requirements, we could face enforcement actions or financial penalties. 
 
 The duration and severity of the pandemic remain uncertain and cannot be predicted. If COVID-19 and its variants continue to spread, or if the duration of the disruptions caused by the pandemic is further prolonged, our business, financial condition, results of operations or prospects could be materially adversely affected. Even after the COVID-19 outbreak has subsided, we may continue to experience impacts to our business and our financial results in subsequent periods due to the pandemic s impact on the global economy and on certain markets that we serve. COVID-19 and future public health crises and pandemics may also affect our operating and financial results in a manner that is not presently known to us or not presently considered to be a significant risk to our operations. The impact of the COVID-19 pandemic may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks and uncertainties described in this Risk Factors section. 
 
 Our financial results depend on successful project execution and may be adversely affected by cost overruns, failure to meet customer schedules or other execution issues. 
 A significant portion of our revenue is derived from large projects that are technically complex and may occur over multiple years. These projects are subject to a number of significant risks, including project delays, cost overruns, changes in scope, unanticipated site conditions, design and engineering issues, incorrect cost assumptions, increases in the cost of materials and labor, health and safety hazards, third party performance issues, weather issues and changes in laws or permitting requirements. If we are unable to manage these risks, we may incur higher costs, liquidated damages, and other liabilities to our customers, which may decrease our profitability and harm our reputation. Many of these projects require us to contract with engineering, procurement, and construction firms EPCs ). If an EPC that we have commissioned to build a new project defaults or fails to fulfill its contractual obligations, we could face significant delays, cost overruns and liabilities. Our continued growth will depend in part on executing a higher volume of large projects, which will require us to expand and retain our project management and execution personnel and resources. 
 
 Our business could be adversely affected by material, freight, and labor inflation and other manufacturing and operating cost increases and commodity availability constraints. 
 Certain commodities and materials used in our operations, including, but not limited to, steel, caustic, carbon, calcium nitrate, and iridium, are subject to significant price fluctuations. Volatility in the market price and availability of these materials has a direct impact on the cost of operating our business. Our operating costs are also impacted by fluctuations in the cost of energy and related utilities, freight, and labor. We have experienced material, freight, and labor cost increases, and we have taken actions to mitigate the impact of these cost increases through price increases, cost savings projects, and sourcing decisions, as well as through strategic productivity improvements. If we are unable to offset these cost increases, it will adversely impact our gross profit, gross margin and operating profit. In addition, many of our contracts are long term in nature, and our failure to accurately project operating costs or negotiate or enforce price escalation provisions in our long term contracts could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations or prospects. 
 
 Reliance on third party shipping companies may impact our ability to execute projects on time and within budget. 
 
 We rely upon various means of transportation through third parties, including shipments by air, sea, rail, and truck, to deliver products to our facilities from vendors and from our facilities to our customers, as well as for direct shipments from vendors to customers. Factors beyond our control, many of which have been caused or exacerbated by the COVID-19 pandemic, including labor shortages and capacity constraints in the transportation industry, container shortages, port congestion, disruptions to the national and international transportation infrastructure, fuel shortages, and transportation cost increases (such as increases in fuel costs or port fees), have impacted and could further impact our ability to execute projects or ship products to our customers on time and within budget, which could harm our reputation and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Generally, we have been able to pass on the majority of shipping and related charges to our customers, but there can be no assurance that we will be able to do so into the future. Failure to do so may adversely impact our gross profit and gross margin. 
 
 15 

We may incur liabilities to customers as a result of warranty claims or failure to meet performance guarantees, which could reduce our profitability. 
 Our customers typically require product warranties as to the proper operation and conformance to specifications of the products we manufacture or install, and performance guarantees as to any effluent water produced by our equipment and services. Failure of our products to operate properly or to meet specifications of our customers or our failure to meet our performance guarantees may increase costs by requiring additional engineering resources and services, replacement of parts and equipment and frequent replacement of consumables or monetary reimbursement to a customer or could otherwise result in liability to our customers. We have in the past received warranty claims, and we expect to continue to receive them in the future. There are significant uncertainties and judgments involved in estimating warranty and performance guarantee obligations, including changing product designs, differences in customer installation processes and failure to identify or disclaim certain variables in a customer s influent. To the extent that we incur substantial warranty or performance guarantee claims in any period, our reputation, earnings, and ability to obtain future business could be materially adversely affected. 
 Our inability to meet our own and our customers safety standards could have a material adverse effect on our sales and profitability. 
 Maintaining a strong and reliable reputation for safety is critical to our business. Many of our customers actively monitor and review our company wide safety record. Risks arising from unsafe products or unsafe performance by our employees include, among other things, personal injury or death caused by our products or occurring in our facilities, the destruction of customer or third party property during the execution of a service arrangement or due to the malfunction of our products, delays in or suspension of service or the failure to timely deliver our products. Workplace accidents or near-accidents, product-related accidents, or the failure to follow our own or our customers safety policies could damage our reputation or our customers perception of our safety record, which could have a material adverse impact on demand for our products and services, result in additional costs to our business or the loss of customers, result in litigation against us or increase government or regulatory oversight over us. 
 
 Failure to effectively treat emerging contaminants could result in material liabilities. 
 A number of emerging contaminants might be found in water that we treat, including PFAS, PFOA, selenium, micro-plastics, hazardous chemicals, or pathogens that may cause a number of illnesses, including cholera, typhoid fever, cancer, giardiasis, cryptosporidiosis, amoebiasis and free-living amoebic infections. Such contaminants or pathogens may be found in the environment, and, as a result, there is a risk that they could be present in water treated using our systems or products. In applications where treated water enters the human body, illness and death may result if contaminants or pathogens are not eliminated during the treatment process. In particular, contamination could result from failing to properly treat reusable products before they are distributed to our customers, or from actions taken by our customers or other third parties using our products, which could result in material liability. The potential impact of a contamination of water treated using our products, services or solutions is difficult to predict and could lead to an increased risk of exposure to product liability claims, increased scrutiny by federal and state regulatory agencies and negative publicity. Further, an outbreak of disease in any one of the municipal markets we serve could result in a widespread loss of customers across other such markets. 
 Our future growth is dependent upon our ability to continue to develop or acquire new products, services and solutions that allow us to compete successfully in our markets. 
 
 We offer our products, services, and solutions in highly competitive markets. Our future growth depends upon our ability to (i) identify emerging trends in our target end markets, (ii) develop and maintain a wide range of competitive and appropriately priced products, services and solutions, (iii) enhance and differentiate our products from those of our competitors, (iv) develop and drive commercial acceptance of new products quickly and cost effectively, (v) ensure that our products, services and solutions remain cost competitive, even when faced with rising commodity costs, (vi) attract, develop and retain individuals with the requisite technical expertise and understanding of customers needs to develop and sell new technologies and products, and (vii) execute projects in a cost-effective manner according to the schedules required by our customers. 
 16 

Our growth strategy includes growth through acquisitions, and we may not be able to identify suitable acquisition targets or otherwise successfully implement our growth strategy. 
 Acquisitions have historically been a significant part of our growth strategy, and we expect to continue to grow through acquisitions in the future. We may not be able to identify suitable candidates, negotiate appropriate or favorable acquisition terms, obtain financing that may be needed to consummate such transactions or complete proposed acquisitions. There is significant competition for acquisition and expansion opportunities in our businesses. 
 Acquisitions require significant time and attention from management and other key personnel, which may result in attention being diverted from the operation of our existing business. Other risks associated with our acquisition strategy include ineffective integration of an acquisition, as further described below, inaccurately estimating a target s financial condition or risk profile, failure to achieve planned synergies, litigation relating to an acquisition, failure to receive required regulatory approvals or such approvals being delayed or restrictively conditional, potentially insufficient internal controls over financial activities or financial reporting at an acquired entity that could impact our existing business on a combined basis, and an adverse impact on our existing business resulting from an acquired business that historically had a higher risk tolerance or whose personnel fail to comply with our existing policies. 
 
 We may have difficulty operating or integrating any acquired businesses, assets, or product lines profitably, or in successfully implementing our growth strategy. 
 The anticipated benefits from any potential acquisitions may not be achieved unless the operations of the acquired business assets or product lines are successfully integrated in an efficient, effective, and timely manner. The integration of our acquisitions will require substantial attention from management and operating personnel to ensure that the acquisition does not disrupt any existing operations or affect our customers opinions and perceptions of our services, products, or customer support. Risks associated with integration of an acquisition include failure of an acquired business to perform to our expectations, our failure to integrate it appropriately and on a timely basis, our failure to realize anticipated synergies and cost savings, our failure to preserve the customer relationships and retain key employees of an acquired business and difficulties, inefficiencies or cost overruns in integrating and assimilating the organizational cultures, operations, technologies, data, services and products of the acquired business with ours. 
 The process of integrating acquired businesses, assets and product lines could cause the interruption of, or delays in, the operation of our existing business, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations or prospects. Acquisitions also place a burden on our information, financial and operating systems and our employees and management. If we are unable to manage our growth effectively, we may spend time and resources on such acquisitions that do not ultimately increase our profitability or that cause loss of, or harm to, relationships with employees and customers. 
 We may not achieve some or all of the expected benefits of our restructuring actions, which may materially adversely affect us. 
 We have taken a number of restructuring actions in recent years in an effort to better serve the needs of our customers worldwide, achieve cost savings and operational efficiencies, and position ourselves for improved long-term growth and profitability. Achieving the expected cost savings and efficiencies will be subject to significant economic, competitive, and other uncertainties, some of which are beyond our control, and we may not be able to obtain the cost savings and benefits that we currently anticipate in connection with these restructuring actions. Our assumptions may not be accurate, and we may not be able to operate in accordance with our plans, which may cause us to incur additional restructuring charges. These types of initiatives could yield unintended consequences such as distraction of our management and employees, business disruption and unforeseen costs, attrition beyond any planned reduction in workforce, inability to attract or retain key personnel and reduced employee productivity, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. The successful implementation and execution of our restructuring actions are critical to achieving our expected cost savings as well as effectively competing in the marketplace and positioning us for future growth. If our restructuring actions are not executed successfully, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects. 
 
 17 

Delays in enactment or repeals of environmental laws and regulations may make our products, services, and solutions unnecessary or less economically beneficial to our customers, adversely affecting demand for our products, services, and solutions. 
 Certain of our products, services and solutions assist various industries and municipalities in meeting stringent environmental and safety requirements enacted for the purpose of making water cleaner and safer. Our future growth is dependent in part on the impact and timing of potential new water laws and regulations, as well as potential changes to existing laws and regulations. If stricter laws or regulations are delayed or are not enacted, or repealed or amended to be less strict, or enacted with prolonged phase in periods, or not enforced, demand for our products and services may be reduced. We are currently unable to predict whether changes to statutes and rules will affect demand for our products and services. To the extent that such changes have a negative impact on us, including as a result of related uncertainty, these changes may materially and adversely impact our business, financial condition, results of operations or prospects. 
 If we become subject to claims relating to handling, storage, release, or disposal of hazardous materials, we could incur significant costs and experience delays in our business due to our efforts to comply. 
 Our business activities, including our manufacturing processes and waste recycling and treatment processes, currently involve the use, treatment, storage, transfer, handling and/or disposal of hazardous materials, chemicals, and wastes. These activities create a risk of significant environmental liabilities and reputational damage. Under applicable environmental laws and regulations, including RCRA and CERCLA, we could be strictly, jointly, and severally liable for releases of regulated substances by us at our current or former properties or the properties of others or by other businesses that previously owned or used our current or former properties. We could also be liable or incur reputational damage if we merely generate hazardous materials or wastes, or arrange for their transportation, disposal, or treatment, or we transport such materials, and they are subsequently released or cause harm. Our business activities also create a risk of contamination or injury to our employees, customers or third parties, from the use, treatment, storage, transfer, handling and/or disposal of these materials, and these activities could result in accidental contamination or injury to the general public, as end users of our industrial and municipal customers products and services. 
 In the event that our business activities result in environmental liabilities, such as those described above, we could incur significant costs or reputational damage in connection with the investigation and remediation of environmental contamination, and we could be liable for any resulting damages including natural resource damages. Such liabilities could exceed our available liquidity or any applicable insurance coverage we may have. Additionally, we are subject to, on an ongoing basis, federal, state, and local laws and regulations governing the use, storage, handling and disposal of these materials and specified waste products. The cost of compliance with these laws and regulations may become significant and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations or prospects. 
 Failure to retain our existing senior management, skilled technical, engineering, sales and other key personnel or the inability to attract and retain new qualified personnel could materially and adversely impact our ability to operate or grow our business. 
 Our success depends to a significant extent on our ability to attract and retain talent, specifically in senior management and skilled technical, engineering, sales, project management and other key roles. Macroeconomic conditions, specifically labor shortages, increased competition for employees and wage inflation, could have a material impact on our ability to attract and retain talent, our turnover rate, and the cost of operating our business. If we are unable to attract and retain sufficient talent, minimize employee turnover, or manage wage inflation, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations or prospects. 
 
 Wastewater operations may result in contamination or pose other significant risks that could cause us to incur significant costs. 
 Wastewater treatment involves various unique risks. If our treatment systems fail or do not operate properly, or if there is a spill, untreated or partially treated wastewater could discharge onto property or into nearby streams and rivers, causing various damages and injuries, including environmental damage. These risks are most acute during periods of substantial 
 18 

rainfall or flooding, which are the main causes of sewer overflow and system failure. Liabilities resulting from such damages and injuries could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations or prospects. 
 Weather conditions, climate change, and legislation or regulations addressing climate change may adversely impact our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 The physical impacts of climate change are highly uncertain and vary depending on geographical location, but could include changing temperatures, droughts, water shortages, wildfires, changes in weather and rainfall patterns, changes in sea levels, and changing storm patterns and intensities. These impacts present several potential challenges to water and wastewater service providers, such as potential degradation of water quality and changes in demand for water services, particularly during periods of increased precipitation, flooding, or water shortages. Inclement weather and extreme weather events may have varying impacts on our business. Certain events may disrupt the operations of our customers, creating customer shutdowns that prevent or defer our performance of services or sale of equipment, while other events may drive increased demand for our products and services, particularly emergency response services, which may create volatility in our financial results. Additionally, these events may disrupt our own operations and the operations of our suppliers, including the operation of manufacturing plants, the transportation of raw materials from our suppliers, and the transportation of products to our customers, any of which may increase our costs, reduce our productivity and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 
 Additionally, concern over climate change may result in new or increased legal and regulatory requirements to reduce or mitigate the effects of climate change, including limitations on greenhouse gas emissions, which could increase our costs or require additional investments in our facilities and equipment. New legislation and regulatory requirements may also impact our customers and suppliers, which could affect demand for our products or our ability to source key materials. In addition, our customers and suppliers may impose their own requirements with respect to climate change and greenhouse gas emissions. Any failure to comply with those requirements may also affect demand for our products or our ability to source key materials. Any failure to achieve our own goals with respect to reducing our impact on the environment, or any perception of a failure to act responsibly with respect to the environment or to effectively respond to regulatory requirements concerning climate change, can lead to adverse publicity, resulting in an adverse effect on our business or damage to our reputation. 
 
 Our business may be materially adversely affected by risks associated with international sales and operations. 
 Our international sales and operations are subject, in varying degrees, to risks inherent to doing business outside the U.S. These risks include tariffs and other trade restrictions, import and export requirements, foreign taxation policies, limitations on our ability to repatriate funds, unanticipated regulatory changes, geopolitical risks, political instability, currency fluctuations, varying levels of protection of intellectual property, difficulty enforcing agreements, disruptions in global supply chains, labor disruptions, and potential violations of anti-corruption laws. 
 
 In addition to the general risks that we face outside the U.S., our operations in emerging markets could involve additional uncertainties for us, including risks that an outbreak or escalation of any insurrection or armed conflict may occur; governments may seek to nationalize our assets; or governments may impose or increase investment barriers or other restrictions affecting our business. 
 We currently have operations and source and manufacture certain of our materials and products for global distribution from third party suppliers and manufacturers in the People s Republic of China. Operating in China exposes us to political, legal, and economic risks. Our ability to operate in China may be adversely affected by changes in U.S. and Chinese relations, laws and regulations, such as those related to, among other things, taxation, import and export tariffs, environmental regulations, energy use, land use rights, intellectual property, currency controls, network security, employee benefits and other matters, and we may not obtain or retain the requisite legal permits to continue to operate in China, or we may become subject to costs or operational limitations imposed in connection with obtaining and complying with such permits. We may also experience difficulty in managing relations with our employees, distributors, suppliers, or customers, with whom disagreements or conflicts of interest could materially adversely affect our operations or our ability to source and manufacture certain of our materials and products in China. 
 19 

If we do not adequately protect our intellectual property, or if third parties infringe our intellectual property rights or claim that we are infringing their intellectual property rights, we may suffer competitive injury, expend significant resources enforcing our rights or defending against such claims, or be prevented from selling products or services. 
 We own numerous patents, trademarks, service marks, copyrights, trade secrets and other intellectual property and hold licenses to intellectual property owned by others, which in aggregate are important to our business. The intellectual property rights that we have and may obtain, however, may not provide our products and services with a significant competitive advantage because our rights may not be sufficiently broad or may be challenged or invalidated. Our failure to obtain or maintain intellectual property rights that convey competitive advantage, adequately protect our intellectual property, or detect or prevent circumvention or unauthorized use of such property and the cost of enforcing our intellectual property rights could materially adversely impact our business, financial condition, results of operations or prospects. Any dispute or litigation regarding intellectual property could be costly and time consuming due to the complexity and the uncertainty of intellectual property litigation. Our intellectual property portfolio may not be useful in asserting a counterclaim, or negotiating a license, in response to a claim of infringement or misappropriation. We may incur significant costs and diversion of management attention and resources as a result of such claims of infringement or misappropriation, and we or our suppliers or subcontractors could lose rights to critical technology, be unable to license critical technology, provide or sell critical products or services, or be required to pay substantial damages or license fees with respect to the infringed rights or be required to redesign, rework, reprogram, or replace our or our customers products, subcomponents, software, or systems, or recast our valuable brands at substantial cost, any of which could materially adversely impact our competitive position, financial condition and results of operations even if we successfully defend against such claims of infringement or misappropriation. 
 Our industry is highly fragmented and localized. 
 We operate in markets that are characterized by customer demand that is often broad in scope but localized in delivery. We compete with companies that may be better positioned to capitalize on highly localized relationships and knowledge that are difficult for us to replicate. Our potential customers may prefer local suppliers, in some cases because of existing relationships and in other cases because of local legal restrictions or incentives that favor local businesses. Smaller regional suppliers may also have lower cost structures. As a result, efforts to expand or support our service network may not improve our ability to penetrate new local markets or expand our footprint in existing markets. 
 Our contracts with federal, state, and local governments involve unique risks and may be terminated or adversely modified prior to completion, which could adversely affect our business. 
 We derive, and expect to continue to derive in the future, a portion of our revenue from government customers, including municipalities. Sales to governments and related entities present unique risks, including potential disruption due to appropriation and spending patterns, delays in the adoption of new technologies due to political, fiscal or bureaucratic processes, delays in approving budgets, long purchase and payment cycles, competitive bidding requirements, qualification requirements, extensive specification development and price negotiations, milestone requirements and the potential unenforceability of limitations on liability or other contractual provisions. Government contracts may contain provisions not typically found in commercial contracts, including provisions permitting the government to terminate for convenience, reduce scope and potential future revenue, modify certain terms and conditions of existing contracts, suspend performance, impose fines or penalties, subject us to criminal prosecution or debarment, subject awarded contracts to protests or challenges by competitors, or claim rights in technologies developed by us. Exercise of any of these rights could cause us to recognize lower revenue or margin than anticipated under our government contracts. Additionally, because our water treatment projects and solutions for municipal customers often include fixed price contracts with milestone billings and liquidated damages for our delay, our performance under such contracts involves risks such as not receiving payments, not receiving payments in a timely manner or incurring significant damages if certain milestones are not met or not met on schedule. As a result, we could experience a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations or prospects. 
 
 We rely, in part, on third party sales representatives to assist in selling our products, services and solutions, and the failure of these representatives to perform as expected could reduce our future sales. 
 
 20 

Sales of our products, services, and solutions to some of our customers are accomplished, in part, through the efforts of third party sales representatives. We are unable to predict the extent to which these third party sales representatives will be successful in marketing and selling our products. Moreover, many of these third party sales representatives also market and sell competing products and may more aggressively pursue sales of our competitors products. Our third party sales representatives may terminate their relationships with us at any time on short or no notice. Our future performance may also depend, in part, on our ability to attract, incentivize and retain additional third party sales representatives that will be able to market and support our products effectively, especially in markets in which we have not previously sold our products. If we cannot retain our current third party sales representatives or recruit additional or replacement third party sales representatives or if these sales representatives are not effective, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations or prospects. 
 
 Product defects and unanticipated or improper use of our products could adversely affect our business, reputation, and financial statements. 
 
 Manufacturing or design defects in our products or unanticipated or improper use of our products by our customers could create product safety, regulatory or other risks, including personal injury, death, or property damage. These events could lead to recalls or safety alerts relating to our products, result in the removal of a product from the market or result in product liability claims being brought against us. Recalls, removals, and product liability claims can result in significant costs, as well as negative publicity and damage to our reputation that could reduce demand for our products and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations or prospects. 
 
 Further, it is generally our responsibility to service the equipment we provide our customers throughout the duration of our contract with such customers, and our customers may be required to maintain insurance covering loss, damage or injury caused by our equipment. However, we are not able to monitor our customers use or maintenance of their water systems or their compliance with our contracts or usage instructions. Customers failure to properly use, maintain or safeguard their equipment or customers noncompliance with insurance requirements may reflect poorly on us as the provider of such equipment and, as a result, damage our reputation. 
 
 Our operations are subject to various hazards that may cause personal injury or property damage and increase our operating costs, and which may exceed the coverage of our insurance or for which we are not insured. 
 There are inherent risks to our operations. We are exposed to risks posed by severe weather and other natural disasters, such as hurricanes and earthquakes. In addition to natural risks, hazards (such as fire, explosion, collapse, or machinery failure) are inherent risks in our operations which may occur as a result of inadequate internal processes, technological flaws, human error, or certain events beyond our control. We also utilize approximately 840 vehicles in connection with our offsite services and distribution operations and, from time to time, these drivers are involved in accidents which may cause injuries, spills, or uncontrolled discharges and in which goods carried by these drivers may be lost or damaged. The hazards described above can cause significant personal injury or loss of life, severe damage to or destruction of property, plants, and equipment, including customer or third party property, contamination of, or damage to, the environment and suspension of operations. The occurrence of any of these events may subject us to investigations, require us to perform remediation, or result in us being named as a defendant in lawsuits asserting claims for substantial damages, environmental cleanup costs, personal injury, natural resource damages and fines or penalties. As a result, we may from time to time become exposed to significant liabilities for which we may not have adequate insurance coverage. We may also become exposed to certain claims that are excluded from our insurance coverage, such as claims of fraud or for punitive damages. Although we have liability insurance, we cannot be certain that this insurance coverage will continue to be available to us at a reasonable cost or will be adequate to cover any product liability claims. In addition, such events may affect the availability of personnel, proper functioning of our information technology infrastructure and availability of third parties on whom we rely, any of which consequences could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations or prospects. 
 21 

Financial and Credit-Related Risks 
 Our financial results may fluctuate from period to period and can be difficult to predict. 
 Our financial results may be impacted by large projects, which often have lower margins and greater risk from both a timing and execution standpoint than standard product sales. The timing of these project awards is often unpredictable and outside of our control. If we fail to accurately estimate our operating costs to complete these projects or if we fail to execute these projects efficiently and timely, our margins on these projects could be further eroded. The timing of these project awards is often unpredictable and can change based upon customer requirements due to a number of factors affecting the project that are outside of our control, such as funding, readiness of the project and regulatory approvals. If any of these large projects get delayed or canceled, our results during the periods in which these projects were scheduled to occur could be adversely affected and the delay or failure could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations or prospects. In addition, our contracts for large capital water treatment projects, systems and solutions for municipal and industrial applications are generally fixed price contracts with milestone billings. Additionally, competitive bid processes impose significant uncertainty with respect to our prospects for success, and our failure to properly predict our win rate could reduce our margins. Accordingly, our financial results for any given period may fluctuate and can be difficult to predict. 
 Our substantial indebtedness could adversely affect our financial condition and limit our ability to raise additional capital to fund our operations. 
 We have a significant amount of indebtedness. As of September 30, 2021, we had total indebtedness of 754.9 million, including 473.8 million of borrowings under our term loan facility, 37.3 million borrowings under our revolving credit facility, 150.1 million of borrowings related to our Securitization facility which includes 0.1 million of accrued interest, 93.4 million in borrowings related to equipment financings, and 0.4 million of notes payable related to certain equipment related contracts. We also had 10.1 million of letters of credit issued under our 350.0 million revolving credit facility. We cannot provide any assurance that our business will generate sufficient cash flow from operations in amounts sufficient to enable us to fund our debt service obligations and other liquidity needs. Our inability to generate sufficient cash flow to satisfy our debt obligations could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, or prospects. 
 
 Our high level of indebtedness could, among other things, limit our ability to obtain additional financing in the future, reduce the amount of cash available for working capital, capital expenditures and other business needs, increase our vulnerability to adverse changes in the economy, expose us to greater interest rate risk, restrict us from making strategic acquisitions, force us to make non-strategic divestitures, place us at a disadvantage compared to less leveraged competitors, and increase our costs of borrowing. Any one of these impacts could have a material effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, prospects, and our ability to satisfy our obligations in respect of our outstanding debt. 
 
 Our variable rate indebtedness subjects us to interest rate risk, which could cause our debt service obligations to increase significantly. 
 Borrowings under our senior secured credit facilities are at variable rates of interest and expose us to interest rate risk. Interest rates are still near historically low levels and are projected to rise in the future. If interest rates rise, our debt service obligations on the variable rate indebtedness will increase even though the amount borrowed may remain the same, and our net income and cash flows will correspondingly decrease. Assuming no prepayments of the term loan facility (which had 473.8 million outstanding as of September 30, 2021) and that our revolving credit facility was fully drawn, each 0.125 change in interest rates would result in an approximate change of 1.0 million in annual interest expense on the indebtedness under our senior secured credit facilities. We entered into an interest rate swap during the third quarter of fiscal 2020 to mitigate risks associated with variable rate debt. The interest rate swap became effective June 30, 2020, has a term of five years to hedge the variability of interest payments on the first 500.0 million of the Company s senior secured debt and provides for a fixed rate of 0.61 . 
 22 

The covenants in our senior secured credit facilities impose restrictions that may limit our operating and financial flexibility. 
 Our senior secured credit facilities contain a number of significant restrictions and covenants that limit our ability, among other things, to incur additional indebtedness, pay dividends on or repurchase our outstanding capital stock, prepay certain indebtedness, create certain liens, divest certain assets, make certain investments, and enter into new lines of business. 
 
 In addition, our senior secured credit facilities contain a financial covenant requiring us to comply with a 5.55 to 1.00 first lien net leverage ratio test. This financial covenant is solely for the benefit of the lenders under our revolving credit facility and is tested as of the last day of a quarter on which the aggregate amount of revolving loans and letters of credit outstanding under the revolving credit facility (net of cash collateralized letters of credit and undrawn outstanding letters of credit in an amount of up to 50 of the revolving credit facility) exceeds 12.5 of the total commitments thereunder. 
 These covenants could materially adversely affect our ability to finance our future operations or capital needs. Furthermore, they may restrict our ability to expand and pursue our business strategies and otherwise conduct our business. Our ability to comply with these covenants may be affected by circumstances and events beyond our control, such as prevailing economic conditions and changes in regulations, and we cannot provide any assurance that we will be able to comply with such covenants. These restrictions also limit our ability to obtain future financings to withstand a future downturn in our business or the economy in general. In addition, complying with these covenants may also cause us to take actions that may make it more difficult for us to successfully execute our business strategy and compete against companies that are not subject to such restrictions. 
 A breach of any covenant in our senior secured credit facilities or the agreements and indentures governing any other indebtedness that we may have outstanding from time to time would result in a default under that agreement or indenture after any applicable grace periods. A default, if not waived, could result in acceleration of the debt outstanding under the agreement and in a default with respect to, and an acceleration of, the debt outstanding under other debt agreements. If that occurs, we may not be able to make all of the required payments or borrow sufficient funds to refinance such debt. Even if new financing were available at that time, it may not be on terms that are acceptable to us or terms as favorable as our current agreements. If our debt is in default for any reason, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be materially and adversely affected. 
 Seasonality of sales and weather conditions may adversely affect, or cause volatility in, our financial results. 
 We experience seasonal demand in a number of our end markets, as demand for infrastructure and municipal products and projects generally follows warm weather trends. Seasonal effects may vary from year to year and are impacted by weather patterns, particularly by temperatures, heavy flooding, and droughts. Our operating results and financial condition could be materially and adversely affected by severe weather, natural disasters, or other environmental factors. Repercussions of these catastrophic events may include shutting down operations, a need to obtain additional equipment or supplies on an emergency basis, evacuation of or injury to personnel, damage to equipment or property, loss of productivity and harm to our reputation, any of which may result in a decrease in our revenue or decreased profitability. 
 We may incur impairment charges for our goodwill and other indefinite lived intangible assets which would negatively impact our operating results. 
 We have a significant amount of goodwill and purchased intangible assets on our balance sheet. As of September 30, 2021, the net carrying value of our goodwill and other indefinite lived intangible assets totaled approximately 441.6 million. The carrying value of goodwill represents the fair value of an acquired business in excess of identifiable assets and liabilities as of the acquisition date. The carrying value of indefinite lived intangible assets represents the federal hazardous waste treatment management permits obtained for locations operated by the Company. We do not amortize goodwill and indefinite lived intangible assets that we expect to contribute indefinitely to our cash flows, but instead we evaluate these assets for impairment at least annually, or more frequently if changes in circumstances indicate that a potential impairment could exist. Significant negative industry or economic trends, disruptions to our business, inability to effectively integrate acquired businesses, unexpected significant changes, or planned changes in use of the assets, 
 23 

divestitures and market capitalization declines may impair our goodwill and other indefinite lived intangible assets. Any charges relating to such impairments could materially adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our ability to use our net operating loss carryforwards may be limited. 
 
 As of September 30, 2021, we had approximately 297.1 million of U.S. federal and state net operating loss carryforwards NOLs ). Our federal NOLs begin to expire in 2035, while certain state NOLs began to expire in 2019. Utilization of these NOLs depends on many factors, including our future income, which cannot be assured. We maintain a full valuation allowance against these NOLs. 
 
 We may be unable to bid on or enter into significant long term agreements if we are not able to obtain letters of credit, bank guarantees or surety bonds, and our liquidity may be adversely affected by bonding requirements. 
 A portion of our business, including our water treatment projects and solutions, requires us to provide letters of credit, bank guarantees or surety bonds in support of our commitments and as part of the terms and conditions on water treatment projects. In addition, we are required to provide letters of credit or surety bonds to the department of environmental protection or equivalent in some states in order to maintain our licenses to handle hazardous waste at certain of our regeneration facilities. We have in the past been, and may in the future be, required to provide bid bonds or performance bonds to secure our performance on certain projects or, in some cases, as a pre requisite to submit a bid on a potential project. Our inability to obtain adequate bonding or letters of credit to meet bid requirements or enter into significant long term agreements could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations or prospects. 
 Information Technology and Cybersecurity Risks 
 We are increasingly dependent on the continuous and reliable operation of our information technology systems, and a disruption of these systems could materially and adversely affect our business. 
 We rely on our information technology systems in connection with various aspects of the operation of our business, including customer relationship management, customer service, purchasing, inventory management, project management, human resource management, billing, and accounting. We also rely on digitally connected systems for monitoring and operation of certain of our water treatment installations. Many of our products, services and solutions depend on the integrity of our information technology systems, including our remote monitoring and data analytics features and our automated control solutions. These systems are inherently susceptible a number of threats, including, but not limited to, viruses, ransomware, malware, malicious codes, hacking, phishing, denial of service actions, human error, network failures, electronic loss of data, and other electronic security breaches. Although we have experienced attempts by external parties to access our networks and systems, these attempts have not resulted in any material breaches, disruptions, or loss of information to date. A successful cyber-attack may result in the loss or compromise of customer, financial or operational data, theft of intellectual property, disruption of billing, collections or normal field service activities, disruption of data analytics and electronic monitoring and control of operational systems, loss of revenue, ransomware payments, remediation costs related to lost, stolen, or compromised data, repairs to infrastructure, physical systems or data processing systems, increased cybersecurity protection costs, or violation of U.S. and international privacy laws, which may result in litigation. Any of these occurrences could harm our reputation or have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operation and prospects. 
 
 We have adopted measures to mitigate potential risks associated with information technology disruptions and cybersecurity threats; however, there is no assurance that these measures will prevent cyber-attacks or security breaches. We also have a concentration of operations on certain sites, such as production and shared services centers, where business interruptions could cause material damage and costs. Although we continue to assess these risks, implement controls and perform business continuity and disaster recovery planning, we cannot be sure that interruptions with material adverse effects will not occur. 
 Our Water One services are provided using remote monitoring technology that is connected to the Internet of Things (IoT), which is inherently susceptible to cyber-attacks and outages. A successful attack may result in inappropriate access to our or our customers information or systems or cause our products to function improperly. We have experienced outages due to disruptions in service by cellular providers. Although these outages have not had a 
 24 

material impact on our business to date, if outages occur with greater frequency or for extended durations, it could adversely affect our ability to monitor our assets, which could harm our reputation or result in a loss of revenue, failure to fulfill contractual obligations and additional costs to repair damages. 
 If we experience a significant data security breach or fail to detect and appropriately respond to a significant data security breach, our business and reputation could suffer. 
 The nature of our business involves the receipt and storage of information about our customers, suppliers, employees, operations and financial performance. Further, we rely on various information technology systems to capture, process, store, and report data in connection with the products, services, and solutions that we provide to our customers, such as our Water One services. We have procedures in place to detect and respond to data security incidents. However, because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access, disable, or degrade service, or sabotage systems change frequently and may be difficult to detect for long periods of time, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or implement adequate preventive measures. In addition, hardware, software, or applications we develop or procure from third parties may contain defects in design or manufacture or other problems that could unexpectedly compromise information security. We outsource administration of certain functions to vendors that could be targets of cyber attacks. Any theft, loss and/or fraudulent use of customer, employee, or proprietary data as a result of a cyber attack targeting us or one of our third-party service providers could subject us to significant litigation, liability, and costs, as well as adversely impact our reputation with customers and regulators, among others. Unauthorized parties may also attempt to gain access to our systems or facilities and to our proprietary business information. If our efforts to protect the security of information about our customers, suppliers and employees are unsuccessful, a significant data security breach may result in costly government enforcement actions, private litigation and negative publicity resulting in reputation or brand damage with customers, and our business, financial condition, results of operations or prospects could suffer. While we maintain insurance coverage that is designed to address certain aspects of cyber risks, such insurance coverage may be insufficient to cover all losses or all types of claims that may arise in the event we experience a cybersecurity incident, data breach or disruption, unauthorized access, or failure of systems. 
 We are subject to laws, rules, and regulations in the United States (such as the California Consumer Protection Act CCPA )), and other countries relating to the collection, use and security of employee and other data. Our ability to execute transactions and to possess and use personal information and data in conducting our business subjects us to legislative and regulatory burdens that may require us to notify regulators and customers, employees, and other individuals of a data security breach, including in the European Union under the EU General Data Protection Regulation, or the GDPR. Evolving compliance and operational requirements under the GDPR, the CCPA, and the privacy laws of other jurisdictions in which we operate impose significant costs that are likely to increase over time. 
 Legal and Regulatory Risks 
 The cost of complying with complex governmental regulations applicable to our business, sanctions resulting from non compliance or reduced demand resulting from certain changes in regulations could increase our operating costs and reduce our profit. 
 Our operations are subject to various licensing, permitting, approval and reporting requirements imposed by federal, state, local and foreign laws. Our operations are subject to inspection and regulation by various governmental agencies, including the U.S. EPA, the Occupational Safety and Health Administration and equivalent state and local agencies, as well as their counterparts in various states and foreign countries. A major risk inherent in our operations is the need to obtain and renew permits from federal, state, and local authorities. Delays in obtaining permits, the failure to obtain a permit or a renewal permit for a project, challenges to our permits by local communities, citizen groups, landowners or others opposed to their issuance or the issuance of a permit with unreasonable conditions or costs could limit our ability to effectively provide our services. We are also required to secure and maintain licenses required by several states which can take a significant amount of time and result in our inability or delays in our ability to bid on and execute certain projects. If we fail to secure or maintain any such licenses or if states place burdensome restrictions or limitations on our ability to obtain or maintain such licenses, we may not be able to operate in such states and our business, financial condition, results of operations or prospects may be materially adversely affected as a result. 
 25 

Our business may be further impacted by changes in federal, state, and local requirements that set forth air and wastewater discharge parameters, constrain water availability and set quality and treatment standards. Our failure or inability to comply with the stringent standards set forth by regulating entities or to provide cost effective and compliant design and construction solutions could result in fines or other penalties, and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations or prospects. 
 Foreign, federal, state, and local environmental, health and safety laws and regulations impose substantial compliance requirements on our operations. Our operating costs could be significantly increased in order to comply with new or stricter regulatory standards imposed by foreign, federal, and state environmental agencies. 
 Our operations, products and services are governed by various foreign, federal, state and local environmental protection and health and safety laws and regulations, including, without limitation, the federal Safe Drinking Water Act, the Clean Water Act, the Clean Air Act, the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act, the Occupational Safety and Health Act, the Toxic Substances Control Act and the Federal Insecticide, Fungicide, and Rodenticide Act in the U.S., the Registration, Evaluation and Authorization of Chemicals, or REACH, directive in Europe, and similar foreign, federal, state and local laws and regulations and permits issued under these laws by the foreign, federal, state and local environmental and health and safety regulatory agencies. These laws and regulations establish, among other things, criteria and standards for drinking water and for discharges into the waters of the U.S. and its states, for the proper management of hazardous and non hazardous solid waste and for protection of public and worker health and safety. Pursuant to these laws, we are required to obtain various environmental permits from environmental regulatory agencies for our operations. We cannot provide any assurance that our operations, products, or services will be at all times in total compliance with these laws, regulations and permits or that we will be able to obtain or renew all required permits. If we violate or fail to comply with these laws, regulations or permits, we could be fined or otherwise sanctioned by regulators and be subject to lawsuits, civil or criminal, seeking enforcement and/or injunctive relief. We may also be subject to civil claims by citizens groups seeking to enforce environmental laws. In the event of an accident or if we otherwise fail to comply with applicable regulations, we could lose our permits or approvals and/or be held liable for damages and monetary penalties. 
 Environmental laws and regulations are complex and change frequently. These laws, and the enforcement thereof, have tended to become more stringent over time. It is possible that new standards could be imposed, either stricter or more lenient, that could result in the obsolescence of our products or lead to an interruption or suspension of our operations and have a material adverse effect on the productivity and profitability of a particular manufacturing facility, service, or product or on us as a whole. 
 Failure to comply with applicable anti corruption and trade laws, regulations, and policies, including the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, could result in fines and criminal penalties, causing a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations or prospects. 
 Due to our global operations, we are subject to regulation under a wide variety of U.S. federal and state and non U.S. laws, regulations and policies related to anti corruption and trade, including those related to export and import compliance, anti trust and money laundering. The U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, the U.K. Bribery Act of 2010 and similar anti bribery laws in other jurisdictions generally prohibit companies and their intermediaries from making improper payments to government officials or other persons for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business. We operate in parts of the world that are recognized as high-risk regions for corruption. Our operations in these regions include sales to government and non-government customers and may include the use of third-party intermediaries. In certain circumstances, strict compliance with anti-bribery and trade laws, regulations and policies may conflict with local customs and practices in these regions. 
 The International Traffic in Arms Regulations generally require export licenses from the U.S. Department of State for goods, technical data and services sent outside the U.S. that have military or strategic applications. The Export Administration Regulations regulate the export of certain dual use goods, software, and technologies, and in some cases require export licenses from the U.S. Department of Commerce. Office of Foreign Asset Control regulations implement various sanctions programs that include prohibitions of restrictions on dealings with certain sanctioned countries, governments, entities, and individuals. Our policies mandate compliance with these trade laws, regulations, and policies, and we have established procedures designed to assist us and our personnel in compliance with applicable 
 26 

U.S. and international laws and regulations. However, we cannot provide any assurance that our internal control policies and procedures will always protect us from improper conduct of our employees or business partners. 
 In the event that we believe or have reason to believe that our employees or agents have or may have violated applicable laws, including anti corruption and trade laws, regulations, and policies, we may be required to investigate or engage outside counsel to investigate the relevant facts and circumstances, which can be expensive and require significant time and attention from senior management. Any such violation could result in substantial fines, sanctions, civil and/or criminal penalties, imprisonment, disgorgement of profits, debarment from government contracts and curtailment of operations in certain jurisdictions, and might materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations or prospects. In addition, actual or alleged violations could damage our reputation and diminish our ability to do business. Furthermore, detecting, investigating, and resolving actual or alleged violations is expensive and can consume significant time and attention of our senior management. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 None. 
 
 Item 2. Properties 
 As of September 30, 2021, we operated 156 locations located in the United States, Canada, the United Kingdom, the Netherlands, Germany, Australia, China, Singapore, India, and Korea, including 11 manufacturing facilities, 7 research and development facilities, and 91 service branches. We own 20 of these properties and lease the remaining 136 properties. The manufacturing and research and development facilities support both our ISS and APT segments globally. The service branches primarily support our ISS segment. Our North American presence includes 11 resin regeneration plants, 3 carbon reactivation plants, and 1 wastewater ion exchange facility. 
 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 From time to time, we are subject to various claims, charges and litigation matters that arise in the ordinary course of business. We believe these actions are a normal incident of the nature and kind of business in which we are engaged. While it is not feasible to predict the outcome of these matters with certainty, we do not believe that any asserted or unasserted legal claims or proceedings, individually or in the aggregate, will have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations or prospects. 
 
 In November 2018, a purported shareholder of the Company filed a class action lawsuit, captioned McWilliams v. Evoqua Water Technologies Corp. , Case No. 1:18-CV-10320, in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York alleging that the Company and senior management violated federal securities laws by issuing false, misleading, and/or omissive disclosures in the period leading up to the Company s October 30, 2018 announcement of, among other things, (a) preliminary results for the full-year fiscal 2018 that were below previous expectations and (b) a transition from a three-segment structure to a two-segment operating model. In January 2019, the court appointed lead plaintiffs and lead counsel and re-captioned the action as In re Evoqua Water Technologies Corp. Securities Litigation (the Securities Litigation ). In March 2019, lead plaintiffs filed an amended complaint, which asserted claims pursuant to the Exchange Act and the Securities Act against the Company, members of the Company s board of directors, senior management, a former executive, AEA Investors LP AEA ), and the underwriters of the Company s IPO and secondary public offering. The amended complaint alleged that the defendants violated federal securities laws by issuing false, misleading, and/or omissive disclosures concerning the Company s integration of acquired companies, the Company s reduction-in-force, and the Company s financial results of operations. The lawsuit sought compensatory damages in an unspecified amount and an award of costs and expenses to the plaintiff and class counsel. In March 2020, the Court granted the defendants motion to dismiss a portion of the claims, dismissing all claims predicated on supposedly intentional misstatements or omissions, which were brought under the Exchange Act. The claims that remained were those brought under the Securities Act. The Company filed an answer denying the material allegations of the complaint, the parties engaged in discovery, and lead plaintiffs filed a motion for class certification in December 2020. 
 
 27 

On June 1, 2021, following mediation, the parties filed a stipulation agreeing to settle the Securities Litigation, subject to Court approval, for 16.65 million, all of which was paid by insurance. On November 1, 2021, the Court granted final approval of the settlement and entered a judgment dismissing the Securities Litigation. 
 
 In April 2019, another purported shareholder of the Company filed a derivative lawsuit in the United States District Court for the Western District of Pennsylvania, captioned Dallas Torgersen v. Ronald C. Keating , Case No. 2:19-CV-410. The complaint names as defendants the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as well as members of the Company s board of directors, and it names the Company as a nominal defendant. The complaint alleges, among other things, that the individual defendants violated federal securities laws by issuing false, misleading, and/or omissive disclosures in the period leading up to the Company s October 30, 2018 disclosures, and that they breached their fiduciary duties to the Company. The lawsuit seeks compensatory damages in an unspecified amount, an award of costs and expenses, restitution from the individual defendants, and an order directing the Company and the individual defendants to take unspecified actions to reform and improve the Company s corporate governance and internal procedures. 
 
 In July 2020, a different purported shareholder of the Company filed a second shareholder derivative lawsuit ostensibly on behalf of the Company in the same court, captioned Robert Hyams v. Ronald C. Keating , Case No. 2:20-CV-1112. The complaint is similar to the one in Torgersen but also names as defendants AEA and a number of its affiliated entities. In September 2020, the court consolidated the Torgersen and Hyams cases under the caption In re Evoqua Water Technologies Corp. Derivative Litigation (the Derivative Litigation ). The Derivative Litigation was stayed in June 2019 pending resolution of the Securities Litigation. 
 
 In February 2020, yet another purported shareholder of the Company sent a letter to the board of directors demanding that it investigate and bring claims against various directors and officers for the same matters that were already the subject of the Securities Litigation and the Derivative Litigation. Although no lawsuit was filed by this purported shareholder, the shareholder agreed to stay matters on terms similar to what was agreed in the Derivative Litigation. 
 
 On July 28, 2021, following mediation, the parties signed an agreement, subject to Court approval, to settle the Derivative Litigation and the stockholder demand for non-cash consideration, including certain enhancements to corporate governance practices and internal procedures. On November 2, 2021, the Court granted final approval of the settlement and entered a judgment dismissing the Derivative Litigation. 
 
 In October 2020, the Company learned that the SEC and the United States Attorney s Office for the District of Massachusetts are investigating whether financial misstatements were made in the Company s public filings and earnings announcements prior to October 2018, similar to what is alleged in the Securities Litigation. The Company is cooperating with those investigations. Although the Company is unable to predict the outcome or reasonably estimate any potential loss, we currently believe that this matter will not have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations or prospects. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 None. 
 
 28 

Part II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 Market Information 
 The Company s common stock is traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol AQUA. 
 As of October 31, 2021, there were 40 holders of record of the Company s common stock, which does not reflect individual holders of shares held beneficially or shares held in street name. Accordingly, the number of beneficial owners of our common stock exceeds this number. 
 Dividend Policy 
 No dividends were paid to shareholders during the fiscal years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 or 2019. The Company currently intends to retain all of its future earnings, if any, to finance operations, development and growth of its business and repay indebtedness. Most of the Company s indebtedness contains restrictions on the Company s activities, including paying dividends on its capital stock. See Note 12, Debt in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Any future determination relating to our dividend policy will be made at the discretion of the Company s board of directors and will depend on a number of factors, including future earnings, capital requirements, financial and market conditions, future prospects, contractual restrictions and covenants and other factors that the board of directors may deem relevant. 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 None. 
 29 

Stock Performance Graph 
 The following graph shows a comparison of cumulative total return to holders of shares of Evoqua s common stock against the cumulative total return of the S P Mid Cap 400 Index and the S P Mid Cap 400 / Utility Index, which the Company selected as comparator indices for fiscal 2021, as well the S P Small Cap 600 Index and the S P Small Cap 600 / Utilities Index, which the Company used as comparator indices for fiscal 2020, from market close on November 2, 2017 (the first day of trading of our common stock) through September 30, 2021. The Company changed its comparator indices for fiscal 2021 to select indices that include companies whose equity securities are of comparable market capitalization, given the increase in the Company s market capitalization as compared to fiscal 2020. The comparison of the cumulative total returns for each investment assumes that 100 was invested in Evoqua common stock and the respective indices on November 2, 2017 through September 30, 2021, including reinvestment of any dividends (although no dividends have been declared on our common stock to date). Historical share price performance should not be relied upon as an indication of future share price performance, and we do not make or endorse any predications as to future shareholder returns. 
 This performance graph and related information shall not be deemed soliciting material or be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act or otherwise subject to the liabilities under that section, and shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any future filing under the Securities Act or Exchange Act, except to the extent that we specifically incorporate it by reference into such filing. 
 
 11/2/2017 9/30/2018 9/30/2019 9/30/2020 9/30/2021 AQUA 100 85 82 102 180 S P Small Cap 600 100 117 105 94 147 S P Small Cap 600 / Utilities 100 100 113 85 102 S P Mid Cap 400 100 110 106 102 144 S P Mid Cap 400 / Utilities 100 103 117 84 99 
 
 30 

Item 6. [Reserved] 
 31 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of our operations should be read in conjunction with Part II, Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, of this Annual Report. This discussion contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially from such forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to those differences include, but are not limited to, those identified below and those discussed in the section titled Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements and in Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors in this Annual Report. Unless otherwise indicated or the context otherwise requires, all references to the Company, Evoqua, Evoqua Water Technologies Corp., we, us, our, and similar terms refer to Evoqua Water Technologies Corp., together with its consolidated subsidiaries. Unless otherwise specified, all dollar amounts in this section are referred to in millions. Our fiscal year ends on September 30 of each year and references in this section to a year refer to our fiscal year. As such, references to: 2021 relates to the fiscal year ended September 30, 2021, 2020 relates to the fiscal year ended September 30, 2020, and 2019 relates to the fiscal year ended September 30, 2019. 
 
 Overview and Background 
 We are a leading provider of mission-critical water and wastewater treatment solutions, offering a broad portfolio of products, services, and expertise to support customers across various end markets. We are headquartered in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, with locations across countries. We have a comprehensive portfolio of differentiated, proprietary technologies offered under market leading and well established brands. Our core technologies are primarily focused on removing impurities from water, rather than neutralizing them through the addition of chemicals. 
 Our solutions are designed to provide our customers with the quantity and quality of water necessary to meet their unique specifications. We enable our customers to achieve lower costs through greater uptime, throughput and efficiency in their operations while supporting their regulatory compliance and environmental sustainability requirements. We deliver and maintain these mission critical solutions through our extensive North American service network, assuring our customers continuous uptime with 91 service branches as of September 30, 2021. We have certified Evoqua Service Technicians within approximately a two-hour drive from more than 90 of our industrial North American customers sites. In addition, we sell our products and technologies internationally through direct and indirect sales channels. We have worked to protect water, the environment, and our employees for more than 100 years. As a result, we have earned a reputation for quality, safety, and reliability around the world. Our employees are united by a common purpose: Transforming water. Enriching life. 
 Our vision to be the world s first choice for water solutions and our values of integrity, customers, sustainable, and performance foster a culture that is focused on establishing a workforce that is enabled, empowered and accountable, creating a highly dynamic work environment. 
 
 We serve our customers through the following two segments: 
 Integrated Solutions and Services segment, which provides application-specific solutions and full lifecycle services for critical water and wastewater applications across numerous end markets, including outsourced water service contracts, capital systems and related recurring aftermarket services, parts and consumables, and emergency services to enable recycle and reuse, improve operational reliability and performance, and promote environmental compliance; and 
 
 Applied Product Technologies segment, which provides highly differentiated and scalable water and wastewater products and technologies as stand-alone offerings or components in integrated solutions to a diverse set of system integrators and end-users globally. 
 32 

Our segments draw from the same reservoir of leading technologies, shared manufacturing infrastructure, common business processes, and corporate philosophies. The key factors used to identify these reportable operating segments are the organization and alignment of our internal operations, the nature of the products and services and customer type. 
 For the years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020, our segments accounted for the following percentage of our revenue: 
 2021 2020 Integrated Solutions and Services segment 65.5 66.1 Applied Product Technologies segment 34.5 33.9 
 
 Recent Developments, Key Factors, and Trends Affecting Our Business and Financial Statements 
 The following recent developments have affected our business and operating results during the year ended September 30, 2021: 
 Impact of the COVID-19 pandemic . Our business has been considered essential under federal and local standards, and we have maintained business continuity at our critical service branches and manufacturing facilities to date. We have taken measures throughout the duration of the pandemic to protect our employees, including implementation of remote working practices where possible and enhanced safety procedures for employees on site at our facilities and our customers facilities. These measures have resulted in additional incremental costs and reductions in service productivity over the course of the pandemic, although neither had a material adverse effect on our results of operations for fiscal 2021. 
 To date, the pandemic has negatively impacted sales volume across our business, due primarily to customer site access restrictions, temporary customer site closures, and temporary delays in annual maintenance activities by customers in certain end markets, although we started to see sales volume rebound in certain end markets during the second half of fiscal 2021, as further discussed below in the discussion of our results of operations. The implementation of vaccine mandates in fiscal 2022 may further increase costs and delay our performance of services for our customers or our internal business operations due to customer site access restrictions and labor shortages. Additionally, in the second half of fiscal 2021 we experienced increases in certain discretionary costs that were the subject of cost reduction actions earlier in the pandemic, particularly employee travel expenses. We have continued to focus on collecting outstanding customer account balances, and, through September 30, 2021, we have not experienced any deterioration in collections from our customers. We continue to evaluate the impact of the pandemic on our business and the potential effects of recent spikes in COVID-19 cases in certain regions, as well as challenges created by the macroeconomic conditions associated with the reopening of global economies, including inflation and availability constraints, which are discussed in more detail below. 
 For more information regarding factors and events that may impact our business, results of operations and financial condition from the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, see Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors-The COVID-19 pandemic has adversely affected, and may continue to adversely affect, our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 Inflation and material availability. Material, freight, and labor inflation resulted in increased costs in fiscal 2021, and we expect this trend will continue in fiscal 2022. Although we have offset a portion of these increased costs through price increases and operational efficiencies to date, there can be no assurance that we will be able to continue to do so. If we are unable to manage commodity fluctuations through pricing actions, cost savings projects and sourcing decisions as well as through consistent productivity improvements, it may adversely impact our gross profit and gross margin in future periods. Additionally, supply chain disruptions and labor shortages have restricted and could further restrict availability of certain commodities and materials, which may result in delays in our execution of projects in fiscal 2022 and negatively impact revenues. We have taken and continue to take strategic actions focused on mitigating the impact of these challenges. Although these factors did not have a material adverse effect on our results of operations for fiscal 2021, if sustained, they could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations going forward. 
 Acquisitions and divestitures . On April 1, 2021, we acquired the assets of Water Consulting Specialists, Inc. WCSI for 12.0 million cash paid at closing. In addition, we recorded a liability of 0.8 million at closing associated with an earn-out related to the WCSI acquisition, which was subsequently revalued to 0.2 million and is included in Accrued 
 33 

expenses and other liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. During the year ended September 30, 2021, we received cash of 21 thousand from the seller as a result of net working capital adjustments. WCSI is a leader in the design, manufacturing, and service of industrial high-purity water treatment systems. The acquisition strengthens the Company s portfolio of high-purity water treatment systems and provides the opportunity to further expand its digitally enabled solutions and services in key industrial markets. WCSI is a part of the Integrated Solutions and Services segment. During the year ended September 30, 2021, the Company incurred approximately 0.1 million in acquisition costs, which are included in General and administrative expense on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 On March 1, 2021, we completed the divestiture of the Lange containment system, geomembrane, and geosynthetic liner product line (the Lange Product Line for 0.9 million in cash at closing. The Lange Product Line was a part of the Integrated Solutions and Services segment. During the year ended September 30, 2021, the Company recognized a loss of 0.2 million on the divestiture. 
 On December 17, 2020, we acquired the industrial water business of Ultrapure Industrial Services, LLC Ultrapure for 8.7 million cash paid at closing. On April 1, 2021, we paid an additional 0.3 million as a result of net working capital adjustments. Ultrapure, based out of Texas, provides customers across multiple end markets with a variety of water treatment products and services, including service deionization, reverse osmosis, UV, and ozonation. Ultrapure will strengthen the Company s service capabilities in the Houston and Dallas markets and is a part of the Integrated Solutions and Services segment. During the year ended September 30, 2021, the Company incurred approximately 0.2 million in acquisition costs, which are included in General and administrative expense on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 On September 3, 2020, the Company acquired the assets of privately held Aquapure Technologies of Cincinnati Aquapure ), a Hamilton, Ohio based water service and equipment company. Aquapure serves the commercial and light industrial markets and provides customers with a variety of water treatment products and services, including deionization, reverse osmosis, softeners, and filtration systems. Aquapure is part of the Integrated Solutions and Services segment. 
 On December 31, 2019, we completed the sale of the Memcor product line to DuPont de Nemours, Inc. (Memcor is a trademark of Rohm Haas Electronic Materials Singapore Pte. Ltd.). The Company recognized a 57.7 million net pre-tax benefit on the sale of the Memcor product line, net of 8.3 million of discretionary compensation payments to employees in connection with the transaction and 2.1 million in transaction costs incurred in the year ended September 30, 2020. 
 
 On October 1, 2019, we acquired a 60 investment position in San Diego-based Frontier Water Systems, LLC Frontier ), which included an agreement to acquire the remaining 40 interest in Frontier on or prior to March 30, 2024. This agreement gave holders of the remaining 40 interest in Frontier (the Minority Owners the right to sell to Evoqua up to approximately 10 of the outstanding equity in Frontier at a predetermined price, which right was exercisable by the Minority Owners between January 1, 2021 and February 28, 2021 (the Option ). The Minority Owners exercised the Option, and on April 8, 2021, the Company completed the purchase of an additional 8 of the outstanding equity in Frontier for approximately 1.5 million. As a result, the Company s ownership position in Frontier increased to 68 . During the year ended September 30, 2021, the Company recorded an increase in the fair value of the Purchase Right liability for 2.1 million, which was recorded to Interest expense on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. As of September 30, 2021, 8.3 million is included in Other non current liabilities related to the Purchase Right on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 Debt refinancing. On April 1, 2021, we completed the refinancing of the term loan (the 2014 Term Loan outstanding under our First Lien Credit Agreement dated January 15, 2014 (as modified, amended or supplemented from time to time, the 2014 Credit Agreement ), among EWT Holdings III Corp. EWT III ), EWT Holdings II Corp. EWT II ), the lenders party thereto and Credit Suisse AG as administrative agent and collateral agent. On April 1, 2021, EWT III entered into a Credit Agreement (the 2021 Credit Agreement among EWT III, as borrower, EWT II, as parent guarantor, the lenders from time to time party thereto, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent and collateral agent, and ING Capital, LLC, as sustainability coordinator, which provides for (i) a senior secured term loan facility relating to a term loan (the 2021 Term Loan in the amount of 475.0 million maturing on April 1, 2028, and 
 34 

(ii) a multi-currency senior secured revolving credit facility in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed the U.S. dollar equivalent of 350.0 million (the 2021 Revolving Credit Facility maturing on April 1, 2026. 
 On April 1, 2021, Evoqua Finance LLC Evoqua Finance entered into an accounts receivable securitization program (the Receivables Securitization Program consisting of, among other agreements, (i) a Receivables Financing Agreement (the Receivables Financing Agreement among Evoqua Finance, as the borrower, the lenders from time to time party thereto (the Receivables Financing Lenders ), PNC Bank, National Association PNC Bank ), as administrative agent, Evoqua Water Technologies LLC EWT LLC ), an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, as initial servicer, and PNC Capital Markets LLC PNC Markets ), as structuring agent, pursuant to which the lenders have made available to Evoqua Finance a receivables finance facility (the Securitization Facility in an amount up to 150.0 million maturing on April 1, 2024, and (ii) a Sale and Contribution Agreement (the Sale Agreement among Evoqua Finance, as purchaser, EWT LLC, as initial servicer and as an originator, and Neptune Benson, Inc., an indirectly wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, as an originator (together with EWT LLC, the Originators ). 
 
 On April 1, 2021, we borrowed 475.0 million under the 2021 Term Loan, 105.0 million under the 2021 Revolving Credit Facility and 142.2 million under the Securitization Facility. The net proceeds of these facilities, together with cash on hand, were used to repay all outstanding indebtedness under our 2014 Credit Agreement, in an aggregate principal amount of approximately 814.5 million. The reduction in the outstanding principal amount of our term loan of approximately 340.0 million was funded by draws on the 2021 Revolving Credit Facility, the Securitization Facility and 100.0 million of cash on hand. In addition to extending the maturities of our term loan and previous revolving credit facility, the refinancing reduced our weighted average cash borrowing cost and improved liquidity. See Liquidity and Capital Resources below for additional information. On September 30, 2021, the Company had 473.8 million outstanding under the 2021 Term Loan, 37.3 million outstanding on the 2021 Revolving Credit Facility, and 150.1 million outstanding under the Securitization Facility, which includes 0.1 million of accrued interest. 
 
 How We Assess the Performance of Our Business 
 In assessing the performance of our business, we consider a variety of performance and financial measures. The key indicators of the financial condition and operating performance of our consolidated business are revenue, gross profit, gross margin, and net income (loss). Management utilizes these financial measures prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States GAAP when reviewing the Company s performance and making financial, operational, and strategic decisions, and believes they are useful metrics for investors that help with performance comparability period over period. In addition, we consider certain non-GAAP financial measures such as adjusted EBITDA and organic revenue, as described more fully below. We evaluate our business segments operating results based on revenue, income from operations operating profit and adjusted EBITDA on a segment basis. We believe these financial measures are helpful in understanding and evaluating the segments core operating results and facilitates comparison of our performance on a consistent basis period over period. 
 Revenue and Organic Revenue 
 Our revenue is a function of sales volumes and selling prices. We report revenue by segment and by source which includes revenue from product sales (capital projects and aftermarket) and revenue from service. Revenue is used by management to evaluate the performance of our business. Organic revenue, which is a non-GAAP financial measure, is defined as revenue excluding the impact of foreign currency translation and inorganic revenue. Inorganic revenue represents the impact from acquisitions and divestitures during the first 12 months following the closing of the acquisition or divestiture. Divestitures include sales of insignificant portions of our business that did not meet the criteria for classification as a discontinued operation. We exclude the effect of foreign currency translation from organic sales because foreign currency translation is not under management s control, is subject to volatility and can obscure underlying business trends. We exclude the effect of acquisitions and divestitures because they can obscure underlying business trends and make comparisons of long-term performance difficult between the Company and its peers due to the varying nature, size, and number of transactions from period to period. Management believes that reporting organic revenue provides useful information to investors by helping identify underlying growth trends in our core business and facilitating easier comparisons of our revenue performance with prior and future periods and to our peers. See Non-GAAP Reconciliations in this Item 7 for a reconciliation of organic revenue to revenue. 
 
 35 

Adjusted EBITDA 
 Adjusted EBITDA, which is a non-GAAP financial measure, is one of the primary metrics used by management to evaluate the strength and financial performance of our core business. Adjusted EBITDA is defined as net income (loss) before interest expense, income tax benefit (expense) and depreciation and amortization, adjusted for the impact of certain other items, including restructuring and related business transformation costs, share-based compensation, transaction costs, and other gains, losses, and expenses that we believe do not directly reflect our underlying business operations. We present adjusted EBITDA because we believe it is frequently used by analysts, investors, and other interested parties to evaluate and compare operating performance and value companies within our industry. Further, we believe it is helpful in highlighting trends in our operating results and provides greater clarity and comparability period over period to management and our investors regarding the operational impact of long-term strategic decisions regarding capital structure, the tax jurisdictions in which we operate, and capital investments. In addition, adjusted EBITDA highlights true business performance by removing the impact of certain items that management believes do not directly reflect our underlying operations and provides investors with greater visibility into the ongoing drivers of our business performance. 
 Management uses adjusted EBITDA to supplement GAAP measures of performance as follows: 
 to assist investors and analysts in comparing our operating performance across reporting periods on a consistent basis by excluding items that we do not believe are indicative of our core operating performance; 
 in our management incentive compensation, which is based in part on components of adjusted EBITDA; 
 in certain calculations under our senior secured credit facilities, which use components of adjusted EBITDA; 
 to evaluate the effectiveness of our business strategies; 
 to make budgeting decisions; and 
 to compare our performance against that of other peer companies using similar measures. 
 In addition to the above, our chief operating decision maker uses adjusted EBITDA of each reportable operating segment to evaluate the operating performance of such segments. Adjusted EBITDA on a segment basis is defined as earnings before depreciation and amortization, adjusted for the impact of certain other items that have been reflected at the segment level. Adjusted EBITDA of the reportable operating segments do not include certain charges that are presented within corporate activities. These charges include certain restructuring and other business transformation charges that have been incurred to align and reposition the Company to the current reporting structure, acquisition related costs (including transaction costs and integration costs) and share-based compensation charges. 
 Adjusted EBITDA should not be considered a substitute for, or superior to, financial measures prepared in accordance with GAAP. The financial results prepared in accordance with GAAP and the reconciliations from these results should be carefully evaluated. See Non-GAAP Reconciliations in this Item 7 for a reconciliation of adjusted EBITDA to net income. You are encouraged to evaluate each adjustment and the reasons we consider it appropriate for supplemental analysis. In addition, in evaluating adjusted EBITDA, you should be aware that in the future, we may incur expenses similar to the adjustments in the presentation of adjusted EBITDA. Our presentation of adjusted EBITDA should not be construed as an inference that our future results will be unaffected by unusual or non-recurring items. In addition, other companies in our industry or across different industries may calculate adjusted EBITDA differently. 
 
 Basis of Presentation 
 
 The discussion that follows includes a comparison of our results of operations and liquidity and capital resources for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020. For a discussion of changes from the fiscal year ended September 30, 2020 to the fiscal year ended September 30, 2019, refer to Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation in Part II, Item 7 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2020 (filed November 20, 2020). 
 36 

Results of Operations 
 The following tables summarize key components of our results of operations for the periods indicated: 
 Year Ended September 30, 2021 2020 Variance (In millions, except per share amounts) of Revenue of Revenue Revenue from product sales and services 1,464.4 100.0 1,429.5 100.0 2.4 Gross profit 457.4 31.2 449.8 31.5 1.7 Total operating expenses (363.0) (24.8) (342.0) (23.9) 6.1 Other operating income, net 
 4.9 0.3 60.6 4.2 (91.9) Interest expense (37.5) (2.6) (46.6) (3.3) (19.5) Income before income taxes 61.8 4.2 121.8 8.5 (49.3) Income tax expense (10.1) (0.7) (7.4) (0.5) 36.5 Net income 51.7 3.5 114.4 8.0 (54.8) Net income attributable to non controlling interest 0.2 0.8 0.1 (75.0) Net income attributable to Evoqua Water Technologies Corp. 51.5 3.5 113.6 7.9 (54.7) Weighted average shares outstanding 
 Basic 119.6 116.7 Diluted 122.9 121.1 Earnings per share Basic 0.43 0.97 Diluted 0.42 0.94 Other financial data: Adjusted EBITDA (1) 
 250.9 17.1 239.6 16.8 4.7 
 (1) For the definition of Adjusted EBITDA and a reconciliation to net income (loss), its most directly comparable financial measure presented in accordance with GAAP, see Non-GAAP Reconciliations in this Item 7. 
 37 

Years Ended September 30, 2021 and September 30, 2020 
 Consolidated Results 
 Revenue -Revenue increased 34.9 million, or 2.4 , to 1,464.4 million in the year ended September 30, 2021, from 1,429.5 million in the prior year. Revenue from product sales increased 21.1 million, or 2.5 , to 861.0 million in the year ended September 30, 2021, from 839.9 million in the prior year. Revenue from services increased 13.8 million, or 2.3 , to 603.4 million in the year ended September 30, 2021, from 589.6 million in the prior year. 
 The following table provides the change in revenue by offering and the change in revenue by driver during the years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020: 
 Year Ended September 30, 2021 2020 Variance Variance (In millions) of 
 Revenue 
 of 
 Revenue 
 Revenue from product sales: 861.0 58.8 839.9 58.8 21.1 2.5 Capital 616.0 42.1 592.7 41.5 23.3 3.9 Aftermarket 245.0 16.7 247.2 17.3 (2.2) (0.9) Revenue from services 603.4 41.2 589.6 41.2 13.8 2.3 1,464.4 100.0 1,429.5 100.0 34.9 2.4 
 Year Ended September 30, 2021 2020 Variance Variance (In millions) of 
 Revenue 
 of 
 Revenue 
 Organic 1,436.4 98.1 1,413.3 98.9 23.1 1.6 Inorganic 9.9 0.7 16.2 1.1 (6.3) (0.4) Foreign currency translation 18.1 1.2 n/a n/a 18.1 1.3 1,464.4 100.0 1,429.5 100.0 34.9 2.4 
 The increase in organic revenue was driven by higher sales volume, primarily in product sales in the Asia Pacific region across multiple product lines and the EMEA region primarily in the electrochlorination product line, as demand improved following prior year economic closures, and to a lesser extent, capital revenue in the chemical processing industry in the second half of the fiscal year. In addition, organic revenue was favorably impacted by higher sales volume in service and favorable price realization. These increases were partially offset by lower sales volume in capital revenue related to the timing of completion of prior year projects in the microelectronics end market and lower product sales volume in the Americas region, due to customer site access challenges and delays, primarily in the first half of fiscal 2021, as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. Favorable foreign currency translation more than offset the reduction in revenue due to the prior year divestiture of the Memcor product line. 
 Revenue in future periods could be negatively impacted by commodity and material availability constraints caused by global supply chain disruptions, skilled labor shortages, and the timing of projects. 
 Cost of Sales and Gross Margin -Total gross margin decreased to 31.2 in the year ended September 30, 2021, from 31.5 in the prior year. The following table provides the change in cost of product sales and cost of services, respectively, along with related gross margins: 
 38 

Year Ended September 30, 2021 2020 Gross 
 Margin 
 Gross 
 Margin 
 Cost of product sales (607.6) 29.4 (588.3) 30.0 Cost of services (399.4) 33.8 (391.4) 33.6 (1,007.0) 31.2 (979.7) 31.5 
 Gross margin from product sales decreased by 60 bps to 29.4 in the year ended September 30, 2021, from 30.0 in the prior year. The decrease in gross margin was primarily driven by product mix, which was influenced by delays and economic closures related to the COVID-19 pandemic, coupled with higher material, freight, and employment costs driven by inflation, as well as capital project variances. This was partially offset by positive price realization. 
 Gross margin from services increased by 20 bps to 33.8 in the year ended September 30, 2021, from 33.6 in the prior year. This increase is mainly driven by favorable price/cost as well as continued focus on labor productivity. 
 We expect continued pressure on gross margin in future periods due to material, freight and labor inflation. Although we expect to continue to partially offset those increasing costs with positive price realization, there can be no assurance that we will be able to do so. 
 
 Operating Expenses -Operating expenses increased 21.0 million, or 6.1 , to 363.0 million in year ended September 30, 2021 from 342.0 million in the prior year. Operating expenses are comprised of the following: 
 Year Ended September 30, 2021 2020 (In millions) of Revenue of Revenue Variance General and administrative expense (206.5) (14.1) (192.6) (13.5) 7.2 Sales and marketing expense (143.1) (9.8) (136.2) (9.5) 5.1 Research and development expense (13.4) (0.9) (13.2) (0.9) 1.5 Total operating expenses (363.0) (24.8) (342.0) (23.9) 6.1 
 The increase period over period in operating expenses was primarily due to increased employee related expenses, a decrease in foreign currency translation gains of 7.7 million from the prior period which is mostly related to intercompany loans, increased amortization expense due to acquisitions in the current period, and an increase in external legal fees. These increases were partially offset by efforts taken by the Company to reduce spending across various areas in response to uncertainties related to the COVID-19 pandemic, such as reduced travel, particularly in the first half of fiscal 2021. Fluctuations in foreign currency translation and labor inflation could impact operating expenses in future periods. 
 Other Operating Income, Net -Other operating income, net, decreased 55.6 million, to 5.0 million in the year ended September 30, 2021, from 60.6 million in the prior year. The decrease is primarily due to the prior year net pre-tax benefit on the sale of the Memcor product line of 57.7 million, which is net of 8.3 million of discretionary compensation payments to employees in connection with the transaction and 2.1 million in transaction costs incurred. In the year ended September 30, 2021, other operating income, net, includes COVID-19 pandemic subsidies received from the Canadian government, which are not expected to reoccur in future periods. 
 Interest Expense -Interest expense decreased 9.1 million, or 19.5 , to 37.5 million in the year ended September 30, 2021, from 46.6 million in the prior year. The decrease in interest expense was primarily driven by a 100.0 million debt prepayment in conjunction with the April 2021 refinancing of our senior credit facility, as well as a reduction in the interest rate spread and LIBOR year over year. In addition, there was a 100.0 million debt prepayment that occurred in January 2020. This decrease was partially offset by an additional 3.1 million of fees incurred as a result of the April 
 39 

2021 refinancing, which also resulted in the write off of 1.3 million of deferred financing fees, and a fair value increase of 2.1 million in the Purchase Right liability to acquire the remaining share of Frontier. 
 Income Tax Expense -Income tax expense was 10.1 million for the year ended September 30, 2021, compared to expense of 7.4 million in the prior year. The increase in tax expense was primarily attributable to an increase in foreign tax expense due to improved profitability in certain countries and the impact of a one-time state tax adjustment for prior periods. The increase in expense was partially offset by a one-time tax benefit for the reversal of the valuation allowance with respect to the Company s German operating company. 
 
 Net Income -Net income decreased by 62.7 million, or 54.8 , to net income of 51.7 million for the year ended September 30, 2021, from 114.4 million in the prior year, as a result of the variances noted above. 
 Adjusted EBITDA -Adjusted EBITDA is a non-GAAP financial measure. Adjusted EBITDA increased 11.3 million, or 4.7 , to 250.9 million for the year ended September 30, 2021, from 239.6 million for the prior year, primarily driven by sales volume and related gross profit. See Non-GAAP Reconciliations in this Item 7 for a reconciliation of adjusted EBITDA to net income. 
 Segment Results 
 Year Ended September 30, 2021 2020 (In millions) of Total of Total Variance Revenue Integrated Solutions and Services 959.9 65.5 944.2 66.1 1.7 Applied Product Technologies 504.5 34.5 485.3 33.9 4.0 Total Consolidated 1,464.4 100.0 1,429.5 100.0 2.4 Operating profit (loss) Integrated Solutions and Services 147.3 148.3 145.7 86.5 1.1 Applied Product Technologies 82.9 83.5 134.3 79.8 (38.3) Corporate (130.9) (131.8) (111.6) (66.3) 17.3 Total Consolidated 99.3 100.0 168.4 100.0 (41.0) Adjusted EBITDA (1) 
 Integrated Solutions and Services 219.3 87.4 213.7 89.2 2.6 Applied Product Technologies 105.7 42.1 99.2 41.4 6.6 Corporate (74.1) (29.5) (73.3) (30.6) 1.1 Total Consolidated 250.9 100.0 239.6 100.0 4.7 
 
 (1) Adjusted EBITDA is a non-GAAP financial measure. For a reconciliation of segment adjusted EBITDA to segment operating profit (loss), its most directly comparable financial measure presented in accordance with GAAP, see Non-GAAP Reconciliations in this, Item 7. 
 40 

Integrated Solutions and Services 
 Revenue in the Integrated Solutions and Services segment increased 15.7 million, or 1.7 , to 959.9 million in the year ended September 30, 2021, from 944.2 million in the year ended September 30, 2020. The following tables provide the change in revenue by offering and the change in revenue by driver during the years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020 for the Integrated Solutions and Services segment: 
 Year Ended September 30, 2021 2020 Variance Variance (In millions) of 
 Revenue 
 of 
 Revenue 
 Revenue from product sales: 378.8 39.5 376.6 39.9 2.2 0.6 Capital 250.2 26.1 257.5 27.3 (7.3) (2.8) Aftermarket 128.6 13.4 119.1 12.6 9.5 8.0 Revenue from services 581.1 60.5 567.6 60.1 13.5 2.4 959.9 100.0 944.2 100.0 15.7 1.7 
 Year Ended September 30, 2021 2020 Variance Variance (In millions) of 
 Revenue 
 of 
 Revenue 
 Organic 947.2 98.7 942.4 99.8 4.8 0.5 Inorganic 9.9 1.0 1.8 0.2 8.1 0.9 Foreign currency translation 2.8 0.3 n/a n/a 2.8 0.3 959.9 100.0 944.2 100.0 15.7 1.7 
 
 The increase in organic revenue was driven by higher sales volume, primarily due to growth in service and aftermarket revenue across a variety of end markets as well as favorable price realization. This was partially offset by a net decline in capital revenue, related to the timing of completion of projects in the microelectronics end market. Capital revenue saw volume growth in the second half of the fiscal year, primarily in the chemical processing industry. 
 Operating profit in the Integrated Solutions and Services segment increased 1.6 million, or 1.1 , to 147.3 million in the year ended September 30, 2021, from 145.7 million in the year ended September 30, 2020. 
 
 41 

Operating profit was favorably impacted by sales volume and mix, favorable price/cost, reductions in travel and other discretionary spending as well as COVID-19 pandemic subsidies received from the Canadian government in the current year. These items were partially offset by lower productivity due to customer shutdowns and enhanced safety protocols as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic in the first half of fiscal 2021, some challenges filling open positions and increased operating costs based on changes in allocation methodologies for corporate expenses in the current year. 
 Adjusted EBITDA is a non-GAAP financial measure. Adjusted EBITDA in the Integrated Solutions and Services segment increased 5.6 million, or 2.6 , to 219.3 million in the year ended September 30, 2021, compared to 213.7 million in the year ended September 30, 2020. The increase was driven by the same factors that impacted operating profit, other than the change in depreciation and amortization. Segment adjusted EBITDA also excludes restructuring and other non-recurring activity. See Non-GAAP Reconciliations in this Item 7 for a reconciliation of segment adjusted EBITDA to segment operating profit. 
 Applied Product Technologies 
 Revenue in the Applied Product Technologies segment increased 19.2 million, or 4.0 , to 504.5 million in the year ended September 30, 2021, from 485.3 million in the year ended September 30, 2020. The following tables provide the change in revenue by offering and the change in revenue by driver during the years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020 for the Applied Product Technologies segment: 
 Year Ended September 30, 2021 2020 Variance Variance (In millions) of 
 Revenue 
 of 
 Revenue 
 Revenue from product sales: 482.2 95.6 463.3 95.5 18.9 4.1 Capital 365.8 72.5 335.2 69.1 30.6 9.1 Aftermarket 116.4 23.1 128.1 26.4 (11.7) (9.1) Revenue from services 22.3 4.4 22.0 4.5 0.3 1.4 504.5 100.0 485.3 100.0 19.2 4.0 
 Year Ended September 30, 2021 2020 Variance Variance (In millions) of 
 Revenue 
 of 
 Revenue 
 Organic 489.2 97.0 470.9 97.0 18.3 3.8 Inorganic 14.4 3.0 (14.4) (3.0) Foreign currency translation 15.3 3.0 n/a n/a 15.3 3.2 504.5 100.0 485.3 100.0 19.2 4.0 
 The increase in organic revenue was driven by sales volume growth from product sales in the Asia Pacific region across multiple product lines and the EMEA region primarily in our electrochlorination product line, as demand improved following economic closures that occurred in the prior year due to the COVID-19 pandemic, and to a lesser extent, favorable pricing. This growth was partially offset by declines across multiple product lines in the Americas region as a result of continued customer site access challenges and delays. In addition, the divestiture of the Memcor product line reduced revenue by 14.4 million as compared to the prior year period while foreign currency was favorable by 15.3 million. 
 42 

Operating profit in the Applied Product Technologies segment decreased 51.4 million, or 38.3 , to 82.9 million in the year ended September 30, 2021, from 134.3 million in the year ended September 30, 2020. 
 
 The decline in operating profit was primarily related to the net pre-tax benefit on the sale of the Memcor product line of 57.7 million recognized in the prior year, which was net of 8.3 million of discretionary compensation payments to employees in connection with the transaction and 2.1 million in transaction costs incurred. Operating profit was also impacted by the reduction in sales volume as a result of the sale of the Memcor product line. These declines were partially offset by favorable revenue and operational variances including organic sales volume, product mix and favorable price/cost, as well as the benefits of plant consolidation benefits and higher productivity. However, capital project variances and supply chain challenges unfavorably impacted operating profit. 
 Adjusted EBITDA is a non-GAAP financial measure. Adjusted EBITDA in the Applied Product Technologies segment increased 6.5 million, or 6.6 , to 105.7 million in the year ended September 30, 2021, compared to 99.2 million in the year ended September 30, 2020. The increase was driven by the same factors that impacted operating profit, other than the change in depreciation and amortization. Segment adjusted EBITDA also excludes other non-recurring activity, including the 57.7 million gain recognized in the prior year related to the divestiture of the Memcor product line. See Non-GAAP Reconciliations in this Item 7 for a reconciliation of segment adjusted EBITDA to segment operating profit. 
 Corporate 
 Operating loss in Corporate increased 19.3 million, or 17.3 , to 130.9 million in the year ended September 30, 2021, from 111.6 million in the year ended September 30, 2020. The increase period over period was primarily due to increased expenses associated with share-based compensation and legal matters in the current year as well as a decrease in foreign currency translation gains from the prior period, most of which was related to intercompany loans. Reductions in discretionary spending compared to the prior year partially offset these increases. 
 43 

Non-GAAP Reconciliations 
 The following is a reconciliation of organic revenue to total revenue for the years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020: 
 
 Total Revenue Foreign Currency Inorganic Revenue (1) 
 Organic Revenue Year Ended September 30, Variance Year Ended September 30, Variance Year Ended September 30, Variance Year Ended September 30, Variance (In millions) 2020 2021 2020 2021 2020 2021 2020 2021 Evoqua Water Technologies 1,429.5 1,464.4 2.4 n/a 18.1 1.3 16.2 9.9 (0.4) 1,413.3 1,436.4 1.6 Integrated Solutions Services 944.2 959.9 1.7 n/a 2.8 0.3 1.8 9.9 0.9 942.4 947.2 0.5 Applied Product Technologies 485.3 504.5 4.0 n/a 15.3 3.2 14.4 (3.0) 470.9 489.2 3.8 
 
 (1) Includes acquisition of our interest in Frontier on October 1, 2019, divestiture of the Memcor product line on December 31, 2019, divestiture of the Lange Product Line on March 1, 2021, acquisition of Aquapure on September 3, 2020, acquisition of Ultrapure on December 17, 2020 and acquisition of WCSI on April 1, 2021. 
 The following is a reconciliation of our Net income to adjusted EBITDA. Amounts excluded relate to items that management believes do not reflect the underlying, ongoing operational performance of the business as a result of their nature or size and/or are non-recurring and would not be expected to occur as part of our normal business on a regular basis. 
 Year Ended September 30, (In millions) 2021 2020 Variance Net income 51.7 114.4 (54.8) Income tax expense 10.1 7.4 36.5 Interest expense 37.5 46.6 (19.5) Operating profit 99.3 168.4 (41.0) Depreciation and amortization 113.7 107.3 6.0 EBITDA 213.0 275.7 (22.7) Restructuring and related business transformation costs (a) 
 11.3 17.4 (35.1) Share-based compensation (b) 
 17.7 10.5 68.6 Transaction costs (c) 
 1.6 1.9 (15.8) Other losses (gains) and expenses (d) 
 7.3 (65.9) (111.1) Adjusted EBITDA 250.9 239.6 4.7 
 (a) Restructuring and related business transformation costs 
 Adjusted EBITDA is calculated prior to considering certain restructuring or business transformation events. These events may occur over extended periods of time and in some cases, it is reasonably possible that events of a similar nature could reoccur in future periods based on reorganizations of the business, cost reduction or productivity improvement needs, or in response to economic conditions. For the periods presented such events include the following: 
 44 

(i) Certain costs and expenses in connection with various restructuring initiatives, including severance and other employee-related costs, relocation and facility consolidation costs, and third-party consultant costs to assist with these initiatives. This includes: 
 (A) amounts related to the Company s restructuring initiatives to reduce the cost structure and rationalize location footprint following the sale of the Memcor product line; 
 (B) amounts related to the Company s transition from a three-segment structure to a two-segment operating model designed to better serve the needs of customers worldwide; and 
 (C) amounts related to various other initiatives implemented to restructure and reorganize our business with the appropriate management team and cost structure. 
 Year Ended September 30, 2021 2020 Post Memcor divestiture restructuring 5.6 9.1 Cost of product sales and services ("Cost of sales") 3.5 6.6 S M expense 0.3 0.2 G A expense 1.5 1.9 Other operating (income) expense 0.3 0.4 Two-segment restructuring 1.0 2.1 Cost of sales 0.3 1.0 G A expense 0.7 1.1 Various other initiatives 2.8 1.0 Cost of sales 1.0 0.7 S M expense 0.1 0.1 G A expense 0.9 0.2 Other operating (income) expense 0.8 Total (1) 
 9.4 12.2 
 (1) Of which 9.1 million and 12.1 million for the year ended September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively, is reflected in restructuring charges in Note 15, Restructuring and Related Charges, in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report. 
 (ii) Legal settlement costs and intellectual property related fees, including fees and settlement costs associated with legacy matters related to product warranty litigation on MEMCOR products and certain discontinued products. This includes: 
 Year Ended September 30, 2021 2020 Cost of sales 0.4 1.5 G A expense 0.6 0.7 Total 1.0 2.2 
 (iii) Expenses associated with our information technology and functional infrastructure transformation, including activities to optimize information technology systems and functional infrastructure processes. This includes: 
 45 

Year Ended September 30, 2021 2020 Cost of sales 0.1 0.1 G A expense 0.2 0.9 Total 0.3 1.0 
 (iv) Costs associated with the secondary public offering of common stock held by certain shareholders of the Company, as well as costs incurred by us in connection with establishment of our public company compliance structure and processes, including consultant costs. This includes: 
 Year Ended September 30, 2021 2020 G A expense 0.6 2.0 Total 0.6 2.0 
 (b) Share-based compensation 
 Adjusted EBITDA is calculated prior to considering share based compensation expenses related to equity awards. See Note 18, Share-Based Compensation in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report for further detail. 
 (c) Transaction related costs 
 Adjusted EBITDA is calculated prior to considering transaction, integration and restructuring costs associated with business combinations because these costs are unique to each transaction and represent costs that were incurred as a result of the transaction decision. Integration and restructuring costs associated with a business combination may occur over several years and include, but are not limited to, consulting fees, legal fees, certain employee-related costs, facility consolidation and product rationalization costs, and fair value changes associated with contingent consideration. This includes: 
 Year Ended September 30, 2021 2020 Cost of sales 0.7 0.1 G A expense 0.9 1.8 Total 1.6 1.9 
 (d) Other losses, (gains) and expenses 
 Adjusted EBITDA is calculated prior to considering certain other significant losses, (gains), and expenses. For the periods presented such events include the following: 
 (i) impact of foreign exchange gains and losses; 
 (ii) net expense reduction related to the remediation of manufacturing defects caused by a third-party vendor for which partial restitution was received; 
 (iii) charges incurred by the Company related to product rationalization in its electrochlorination business; 
 (iv) amounts related to the prior year sale of the Memcor product line; 
 (v) expenses incurred by the Company as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, including additional charges for personal protective equipment, increased costs for facility sanitization and one-time payments to certain employees; 
 46 

(vi) legal fees incurred in excess of amounts covered by the Company s insurance related to the Securities Litigation and SEC investigation; and 
 (vii) loss on divestiture of the Lange Product Line. 
 Other (gains), losses and expenses include the following for the periods presented below: 
 Year Ended September 30, 2021 Other Adjustments (In millions) (i) (ii) (iii) (iv) (v) (vi) (vii) Total Cost of sales 0.1 2.4 0.2 0.3 3.0 G A expense (1.8) 0.2 5.7 4.1 Other operating expense 
 0.2 0.2 Total (1.7) 2.4 0.2 0.5 5.7 0.2 7.3 
 Year Ended September 30, 2020 Other Adjustments (In millions) (i) (ii) (iii) (iv) (v) (vi) (vii) Total Cost of sales (0.2) 0.7 0.1 0.8 1.4 G A expense (8.5) 0.3 0.5 (7.7) Other operating (income) expense 
 (1.5) (58.1) (59.6) Total (8.7) (1.5) 0.7 (57.7) 1.3 (65.9) 
 We do not present net income on a segment basis because we do not allocate interest expense or income tax benefit (expense) to our segments, making operating profit the most comparable GAAP metric. The following is a reconciliation of our segment adjusted EBITDA to segment operating profit, its most directly comparable financial measure presented in accordance with GAAP: 
 Year Ended September 30, Variance Variance 2021 2020 Integrated Solutions and Services Applied Product Technologies Integrated Solutions and Services Applied Product Technologies Integrated Solutions and Services Applied Product Technologies Integrated Solutions and Services Applied Product Technologies Operating profit 147.3 82.9 145.7 134.3 1.6 (51.4) 1.1 (38.3) Depreciation and amortization 70.6 14.4 67.4 14.2 3.2 0.2 4.7 1.4 EBITDA 217.9 97.3 213.1 148.5 4.8 (51.2) 2.3 (34.5) Restructuring and related business transformation costs (a) 1.8 5.9 0.6 9.7 1.2 (3.8) 200.0 (39.2) Transaction costs (b) (0.6) (0.1) (0.5) (0.6) 0.4 n/a (80.0) Other (gains) losses and expenses (c) 0.2 2.6 (58.5) 0.2 61.1 n/a (104.4) Segment adjusted EBITDA 219.3 105.7 213.7 99.2 5.6 6.5 2.6 6.6 
 
 (a) Represents costs and expenses in connection with restructuring initiatives. Such expenses are primarily composed of severance, relocation, and facility consolidation costs. 
 (b) Represents costs associated with a change in the current estimate of certain acquisitions achieving their earn-out targets. 
 47 

(c) Other losses, (gains) and expenses as discussed above, distinct to our Integrated Solutions and Services and Applied Product Technologies segments include the following: 
 Year Ended September 30, 2021 2020 (In millions) Integrated Solutions and Services Applied Product Technologies Integrated Solutions and Services Applied Product Technologies Trailing costs from the sale of the Memcor product line 0.2 Net pre-tax benefit on sale of the Memcor product line (57.7) Remediation of manufacturing defects (1.5) Product rationalization in electro-chlorination business 2.4 0.7 Loss on divestiture of Lange Product Line 0.2 Total 0.2 2.6 (58.5) 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Liquidity describes the ability of a company to borrow or generate sufficient cash flows to meet the cash requirements of its business operations, including working capital needs, debt service, acquisitions, other commitments, and contractual obligations. Our principal sources of liquidity are cash generated by our operating activities, borrowings under the 2021 Revolving Credit Facility and financing arrangements related to capital expenditures for equipment used to provide services to our customers. Historically, we have financed our operations primarily from these sources. Our primary cash needs are for day-to-day operations, to pay interest and principal on our indebtedness, to fund working capital requirements and to make capital expenditures. 
 Our ability to fund our capital needs depends on our ongoing ability to generate cash from operations and access to bank financing and the capital markets. Although the COVID-19 pandemic has not materially impacted our liquidity to date, we plan to continue to evaluate aspects of our spending, including capital expenditures, discretionary spending, and strategic investments in fiscal 2022. We have considered the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic on our liquidity and capital resources to date, and we do not currently expect it to impact our ability to meet future liquidity needs or affect our ability to continue to comply with our applicable debt covenants. We believe we are currently well-positioned to manage our business and have the ability and sufficient capacity to meet our cash requirements by using available cash, internally generated funds, and borrowing under the 2021 Revolving Credit Facility. 
 As part of our ongoing efforts to improve our cash flow and related liquidity, we work with suppliers to optimize our terms and conditions, including occasionally extending payment terms. We also facilitate a voluntary supply chain finance program (the program to provide certain of our suppliers with the opportunity to sell receivables due from us to participating financial institutions at the sole discretion of both the suppliers and the financial institutions. A third party administers the program; our responsibility is limited to making payment on the terms originally negotiated with our supplier, regardless of whether the supplier sells its receivable to a financial institution. We do not enter into agreements with any of the participating financial institutions in connection with the program. The range of payment terms we negotiate with our suppliers is consistent, irrespective of whether a supplier participates in the program. The amounts settled through the program and paid to participating financial institutions were 42.0 million and 39.7 million in the year ended September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively. A downgrade in our credit rating or changes in the financial markets could limit the financial institutions willingness to commit to participating in the program. 
 We expect to continue to finance our liquidity requirements through internally generated funds, borrowings under our revolving credit facility and equipment financing arrangements. We believe that our projected cash flows generated from operations, together with borrowings under the 2021 Revolving Credit Facility and other financing arrangements are sufficient to fund our principal debt payments, interest expense, our working capital needs, and our expected capital expenditures for the next twelve months. Our capital expenditures for the year ended September 30, 2021 and 2020 were 
 48 

75.3 million and 88.5 million, respectively. However, our budgeted capital expenditures can vary from period to period based on the nature of capital intensive project awards. Our focus on customer outsourced water projects will continue to be a driver of capital expenditures. From time to time, we may enter into financing arrangements related to capital expenditures for equipment used to provide services to our customers. During the year ended September 30, 2021 and 2020, we entered into equipment financing arrangements totaling 37.5 million and 23.3 million, respectively. In addition, we may draw on the 2021 Revolving Credit Facility from time to time to fund or partially fund an acquisition. 
 As of September 30, 2021, we had total indebtedness of 754.9 million, including 473.8 million of term loan borrowings under the 2021 Credit Agreement, 37.3 million outstanding under the 2021 Revolving Credit Facility, 150.1 million outstanding under the Securitization Facility which includes 0.1 million of accrued interest, 93.4 million in borrowings related to equipment financing and 0.4 million of notes payable related to certain equipment related contracts. We also had 10.1 million of letters of credit issued under our 2021 Revolving Credit Facility as of September 30, 2021. 
 As of September 30, 2021 and September 30, 2020, we were in compliance with the covenants contained in the 2021 Credit Agreement, including the 2021 Revolving Credit Facility. 
 2021 Credit Agreement 
 On April 1, 2021, EWT III entered into the 2021 Credit Agreement among EWT III, as borrower, EWT II, as parent guarantor, the lenders from time to time party thereto, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent and collateral agent, and ING Capital, LLC, as sustainability coordinator. The 2021 Credit Agreement provides for a multi-currency senior secured revolving credit facility in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed the U.S. dollar equivalent of 350.0 million and a discounted senior secured term loan facility relating to a term loan in the amount of 475.0 million (together, the Senior Facilities ). The 2021 Credit Agreement also provides for a letter of credit sub-facility not to exceed 60.0 million. On April 1, 2021, EWT III borrowed the full amount of 475.0 million under the 2021 Term Loan and 105.0 under the 2021 Revolving Credit Facility. On September 30, 2021, the Company had 473.8 million outstanding under the 2021 Term Loan and 37.3 million outstanding on the 2021 Revolving Credit Facility. 
 The Senior Facilities are guaranteed by EWT II and certain existing and future direct or indirect wholly-owned domestic subsidiaries of EWT III (together with EWT III, collectively, the Loan Parties ), and collateralized by a first lien on substantially all of the assets of the Loan Parties, with certain exceptions, including: (i) any equity interest in, and any assets sold to or held by, Evoqua Finance in connection with the Receivables Securitization Program, (ii) any equity interest in, and any assets sold to or held by, any other special purpose entity that is an indirect subsidiary of the Company in connection with any other securitization facility permitted under the 2021 Credit Agreement, and (iii) any real property with a fair market value of 5.0 million or less, when considered individually, or 30.0 million or less when taken together with all other real property owned by the Loan Parties. 
 With respect to the 2021 Revolving Credit Facility, EWT III is required to pay a commitment fee based on the daily unused portion of the 2021 Revolving Credit Facility, as well as certain other fees to the agents and the arrangers under the Senior Facilities. Subject to the terms of the 2021 Credit Agreement, to the extent not previously paid, any amount owed under the 2021 Revolving Credit Facility will become due and payable in full on April 1, 2026. 
 
 With respect to the 2021 Term Loan, EWT III pays quarterly installments of principal of approximately 1.2 million. Subject to the terms of the 2021 Credit Agreement, to the extent not previously paid, any amount owed under the 2021 Term Loan become due and payable in full on April 1, 2028. 
 
 Amounts outstanding under the Senior Facilities, at EWT III s option, bear interest at either (i) a Base Rate determined in accordance with the terms of the 2021 Credit Agreement, (ii) with respect to any amounts denominated in U.S. dollars or Sterling, a LIBO rate, or replacement thereof, as determined in accordance with the terms of the 2021 Credit Agreement, or (iii) with respect to amounts denominated in Euros, the EURIBOR rate, or replacement thereof, as determined in accordance with the terms of the 2021 Credit Agreement. In the case of the 2021 Revolving Credit Facility, an applicable margin based on the consolidated total leverage of EWT III and its restricted subsidiaries, as calculated in accordance 
 49 

with the terms of the 2021 Credit Agreement, is added to the interest rate elected by EWT III; provided that the interest rate may be adjusted if EWT III meets certain metrics for a sustainability price adjustment prior to December 31, 2021. In the case of the 2021 Term Loan, a fixed applicable margin, calculated in accordance with the terms of the 2021 Credit Agreement, is added to the interest rate elected by EWT III. 
 The net proceeds of the Senior Facilities, together with the net proceeds of the Receivables Securitization Program and cash on hand, were used to repay all outstanding indebtedness, in an aggregate principal amount of approximately 814.5 million, under the 2014 Credit Agreement. The proceeds of the 2021 Revolving Credit Facility may also be used to finance or refinance the working capital and capital expenditures needs of EWT III and certain of its subsidiaries and for general corporate purposes. 
 The 2021 Credit Agreement is subject to acceleration upon various events of default and contains customary representations, warranties, affirmative covenants, and negative covenants, each substantially similar to those included in the Credit Agreement, including, among other things, a springing maximum first lien leverage ratio of 5.55 to 1.00. 
 As a result of the refinancing, the Company wrote off approximately 1.3 million of deferred financing fees related to the 2014 Term Loan. In addition, the Company incurred approximately 5.0 million of fees as a result of the refinancing, of which 1.9 million were recorded as deferred financing fees on the Consolidated Balance Sheets and 3.1 million were expensed. 
 Receivables Securitization Program 
 On April 1, 2021, Evoqua Finance entered into the Receivables Securitization Program consisting of, among other agreements, (i) the Receivables Financing Agreement among Evoqua Finance, as the borrower, the Receivables Financing Lenders, PNC Bank, as administrative agent, EWT LLC, as initial servicer, and PNC Markets, as structuring agent, pursuant to which the lenders have made available to Evoqua Finance the Securitization Facility in an amount up to 150.0 million and (ii) the Sale Agreement among Evoqua Finance, as purchaser, EWT LLC, as initial servicer and as an originator, and Neptune Benson, Inc., an indirectly wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, as an originator. Under the Receivables Securitization Program, the Originators, pursuant to the Sale Agreement, are required to sell substantially all of their trade receivables and certain related rights to payment and obligations of the Originators with respect to such receivables (the Receivables to Evoqua Finance, which, in turn, will obtain loans secured by the Receivables from the Receivables Financing Lenders pursuant to the Receivables Financing Agreement. On April 1, 2021, Evoqua Finance borrowed 142.2 million under the Securitization Facility. During the second half of 2021, Evoqua Finance borrowed additional amounts under the Securitization Facility and had 150.1 million outstanding at September 30, 2021, which includes 0.1 million of accrued interest. 
 Pursuant to the Receivables Securitization Program, the aggregate principal amount of the loans made by the Receivables Financing Lenders will not exceed 150.0 million outstanding, subject to the borrowing base restrictions, unless so increased under the Receivables Financing Agreement. The Receivables Financing Lenders under the Receivables Securitization Program receive interest at LIBOR or LMIR as selected by Evoqua Finance. The Receivables Financing Agreement contains customary LIBOR benchmark replacement language. Additionally, PNC Bank and PNC Markets will receive certain fees as agents, and EWT LLC will receive a fee as servicer of the Receivables. 
 
 The Receivables Securitization Program contains certain customary representations, warranties, affirmative covenants, and negative covenants, subject to certain cure periods in some cases, including the eligibility of the Receivables being sold by the Originators and securing the loans made by the Receivables Financing Lenders, as well as customary reserve requirements, events of default, termination events, and servicer defaults. The Receivables Securitization Program matures on April 1, 2024. As of September 30, 2021, we were in compliance with the covenants contained in the Receivables Securitization Program. 
 
 50 

Contractual Obligations 
 We enter into long term obligations and commitments in the normal course of business, primarily debt obligations and non cancelable operating leases. As of September 30, 2021, our contractual cash obligations over the next several periods were as follows: 
 (In millions) Total Less than 
 1 year 
 1 to 
 3 years 
 3 to 
 5 years 
 More than 
 5 years 
 Long term debt obligations (a) 
 754.9 14.6 179.7 34.5 526.1 Interest payments on long term debt obligations 124.7 22.2 39.7 36.1 26.7 Operating lease commitments (b) 
 56.3 15.1 22.5 13.6 5.1 Finance lease commitments (c) 
 40.9 13.4 19.2 7.9 0.4 Total 976.8 65.3 261.1 92.1 558.3 
 (a) The amounts shown in this table do not include any net reductions for deferred financing fees. The amounts for current and long-term debt shown on the Consolidated Balance Sheets are net of deferred financing fees. 
 (b) We occupy certain facilities and operate certain equipment and vehicles under non cancelable lease arrangements. Lease agreements may contain lease escalation clauses and purchase and renewal options. We recognize scheduled lease escalation clauses over the course of the applicable lease term on a straight line basis. 
 (c) We lease certain equipment classified as finance leases. The leased equipment is depreciated on a straight line basis over the life of the lease and is included in depreciation expense. 
 Evoqua Water Technologies Corp. is a holding company and does not conduct any business operations of its own. As a result, our ability to pay cash dividends on our common stock, if any, is dependent upon cash dividends and distributions and other transfers from our operating subsidiaries. Under the terms of the 2021 Credit Agreement, our operating subsidiaries are currently limited in their ability to pay cash dividends to us, and we expect these limitations to continue in the future under the terms of any future credit agreement or any future debt or preferred equity securities of ours or of our subsidiaries. 
 Our indebtedness could adversely affect our ability to raise additional capital, limit our ability to react to changes in the economy or our industry, expose us to interest rate risk and prevent us from meeting our obligations. See Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors-Our substantial indebtedness could adversely affect our financial condition and limit our ability to raise additional capital to fund our operations. 
 
 Cash Flows 
 The following table summarizes the changes to our cash flows for the periods presented: 
 Year Ended September 30, (In millions) 2021 2020 2019 Statement of Cash Flows Data Net cash provided by operating activities 178.7 177.0 125.2 Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities (97.2) 12.0 (94.5) Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities (130.3) (108.1) 5.7 Effect of exchange rate changes on cash 2.0 2.2 (1.6) Cash and cash equivalents classified as held for sale (7.3) Change in cash and cash equivalents (46.8) 83.1 27.5 
 51 

Operating Activities 
 Cash flows from operating activities can fluctuate significantly from period to period as working capital needs and the timing of payments for restructuring activities and other items impact reported cash flows. 
 Net cash provided by operating activities increased to 178.7 million in the year ended September 30, 2021 from 177.0 million in the year ended September 30, 2020. 
 
 Operating cash flows in the year ended September 30, 2021 reflect a decrease in net income of 62.7 million from the year ended September 30, 2020, primarily driven by the sale of the Memcor product line. 
 The add back of non cash charges increased operating cash flows by 130.5 million for the year ended September 30, 2021 as compared to an increase to operating cash flows of 45.3 million for the year ended September 30, 2020, resulting in an increase of 85.2 million. This increase was primarily related to the gain on sale of the Memcor product line, which was reflected as a reduction of operating cash flows in the prior year, a decrease in the amount of foreign currency translation gains compared to the prior year, as well as increased share-based compensation and depreciation and amortization compared to the prior period. Non-cash changes also include amortization of deferred financing fees, deferred income taxes and loss on sale of property, plant, and equipment. 
 The aggregate of receivables, inventories, contract assets, accounts payable and contract billings used 17.5 million in operating cash flows in the year ended September 30, 2021 compared to the providing of 23.1 million in the prior year. The amount of cash flow generated from or used by the above mentioned accounts depends upon how effectively we manage our cash conversion cycle, which is a representation of the number of days that elapse from the date of purchase of raw materials and components to the collection of cash from customers. Our cash conversion cycle can be significantly impacted by the timing of collections and payments in a period. 
 The aggregate of the remaining assets and liabilities used 18.8 million in operating cash flows in the year ended September 30, 2021 compared to the providing of 39.9 million in operating cash flows in the prior year, resulting in a decrease to cash flows of 58.7 million. This decrease was primarily due to an increase in customer long term receivables and timing of payments associated with large outsourced water contracts. 
 Income taxes used 2.1 million for the year end September 30, 2021, as compared to the providing of 0.6 million during the prior year. 
 52 

Investing Activities 
 Net cash used in investing activities decreased 109.2 million to 97.2 million in the year ended September 30, 2021 from net cash provided by investing activities of 12.0 million in the year ended September 30, 2020. This decrease was largely driven by proceeds from the sale of the Memcor product line during the year ended September 30, 2020, in addition to higher cash outflow associated with the Ultrapure and WCSI acquisitions in the current year period as compared to the Frontier acquisition that occurred in the prior period. This decrease was partially offset by lower cash outflow associated with purchase of capital assets and intangibles compared to the prior period. Other activity related to proceeds from the sale of property, plant and equipment remained relatively consistent with the prior period. 
 Financing Activities 
 Net cash used in financing activities increased 22.2 million to 130.3 million in the year ended September 30, 2021 from net cash provided by financing activities of 108.1 million in the year ended September 30, 2020. The increase in cash used in financing activities for the year ended September 30, 2021 was primarily due to the debt refinancing activities that occurred in the current year. This increase was partially offset by an increase in cash received from the exercise of stock options in the current period and a decrease in taxes paid related to net share settlements of share-based compensation awards and distribution of dividends to non-controlling interest declined compared to the prior period. 
 
 Seasonality 
 For more information regarding how seasonality may impact our business, results of operations and financial condition, see Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors-Seasonality of sales and weather conditions may adversely affect, or cause volatility in, our financial results. 
 
 Seasonal trends historically displayed by our business could be impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic, and past performance should not be considered indicative of future results. 
 
 Off Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 We had the following outstanding under our credit arrangements at September 30, 2021 and September 30, 2020: 
 (In millions) September 30, 2021 September 30, 2020 Letters of credit 10.1 13.0 Surety bonds 147.8 153.0 
 The longest maturity date of the letters of credit and surety bonds in effect as of September 30, 2021 was March 20, 2030. 
 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 The preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions about future events that affect amounts reported in our Consolidated Financial Statements and related notes, as well as the related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements. Management evaluates its accounting policies, estimates and judgments on an on going basis. Management bases its estimates and judgments on historical experience, current trends and various other factors that are believed to be relevant at the time Consolidated Financial Statements are prepared. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions and conditions. 
 Management evaluated the development and selection of its critical accounting policies and estimates and believes that the following involve a higher degree of judgment, complexity or uncertainty and are most significant to reporting our results of operations and financial position, and are therefore discussed as critical. The following critical accounting 
 53 

policies reflect the significant estimates and judgments used in the preparation of our Consolidated Financial Statements. More information on all of our significant accounting policies can be found in Note 2, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report. 
 Acquisitions and Purchase Price Allocation 
 We record acquisitions using the purchase method of accounting in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification ASC 805, Business Combinations , which requires that the assets acquired and liabilities assumed, including contingent consideration, be recorded at their respective fair values at the acquisition date. The excess of the purchase price over the estimated fair values of the net tangible and intangible assets acquired is recorded as goodwill. The application of the purchase method of accounting requires management to make significant estimates and assumptions in the determination of the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed, in order to properly allocate purchase price consideration. These assumptions and estimates include a market participant s use of the asset and the appropriate discount rates for a market participant. Our estimates are based on historical experience, information obtained from members of management of the acquired companies and with the assistance of independent third-party appraisal firms. Significant assumptions and estimates include quoted market prices, carrying values, and expected future cash flows, which includes consideration of future growth rates and margins, attrition rates, future changes in technology and brand awareness, loyalty, and the appropriate weighted-average cost of capital and the cost savings expected to be derived from acquiring an asset. These estimates are inherently uncertain and unanticipated events and circumstances may occur which could affect the accuracy or validity of estimates used in purchase accounting. The purchase price allocation recorded in a business combination may change during the measurement period, which is a period not to exceed one year from the date of acquisition, as additional information about conditions existing at the acquisition date becomes available. 
 We record contingent consideration arrangements at fair value on a recurring basis as earn-outs related to acquisitions. The fair value of earn-outs related to acquisitions is based on significant unobservable inputs including the achievement of certain performance metrics. Significant changes in these inputs would result in corresponding increases or decreases in the fair value of the earn-out each period until the related contingency has been resolved. Changes in the fair value of the contingent consideration obligations can result from adjustments in the probability of achieving future development steps, sales targets and profitability and are recorded in General and administrative expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 Goodwill Impairment Review 
 We review goodwill to determine potential impairment annually during the fourth quarter of our fiscal year, or more frequently if events and circumstances indicate that the asset might be impaired. Impairment testing for goodwill is performed at a reporting unit level. A reporting unit is defined as an operating segment or one level below the operating segment. We have determined that we have three reporting units. 
 The fair values of reporting units are determined using a combination of two methods, one utilizing market revenue and earnings multiples derived from stocks of companies that are engaged in the same or similar lines of business and that are actively traded on a free and open market applied to the corresponding measure of our reporting unit s financial performance (the market approach - guideline public company GPC method), and the other derived from discounted cash flow models with estimated cash flows based on internal forecasts of revenue and expenses over a specified period plus a terminal value (the income approach discounted cash flows DCF method). In estimating the fair value of the reporting unit utilizing a DCF valuation technique, we incorporate our judgment and estimates of future cash flows, future revenue and gross profit growth rates, terminal value amount, capital expenditures and applicable weighted average cost of capital used to discount these estimated cash flows. The estimates and projections used in the estimate of fair value are consistent with our current budget and long range plans, including anticipated change in market conditions, industry trends, growth rates and planned capital expenditures, among other considerations. 
 We believe these two approaches are appropriate valuation techniques and we generally weight the two resulting values equally as an estimate of a reporting unit's fair value for the purposes of our impairment testing. However, we may weigh one value more heavily than the other when conditions merit doing so. If market conditions change compared to those used in our market approach, or if actual future results of operations fall below the projections used in the DCF method, 
 54 

our goodwill could become impaired in the future. As a result of our goodwill impairment assessment, we have concluded that none of our goodwill was impaired as of September 30, 2021, and we do not believe the risk of impairment is significant at this time. 
 Impairment of Long Lived Assets 
 Long lived assets, such as property, plant, and equipment, and purchased intangibles subject to amortization, are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset or asset group may not be recoverable. Conditions that may indicate impairment include, but are not limited to, a significant adverse change in customer demand or business climate that could affect the value of an asset based on indicators of reduced profits or losses generated by the asset or asset group, a product recall, or an adverse action by a regulator, such as a successful challenge of patent rights. 
 When necessary, we record charges for impairments of long-lived assets for the amount by which the fair value is less than the carrying value of the asset or asset group. Fair value of long-lived assets is determined using an appraised value (obtained with the assistance of independent third-party appraisal firms) or using an income approach, specifically the discounted cash flow method. Starting with a forecast of the expected future net cash flows associated with an asset or group of assets, we then apply an asset-specific discount rate to arrive at a net present value amount. There were no material impairments of long-lived assets recorded in the current year. 
 We amortize long-lived assets with finite lives over their estimated useful lives on a straight line basis. This amortization methodology best matches the pattern of economic benefit that is expected from definite lived assets. 
 Revenue Recognition 
 For sales of aftermarket parts or products with a low level of customization and engineering time, the Company recognizes revenue at the time risks and rewards of ownership pass, which is generally when products are shipped or delivered to the customer as the Company has no obligation for installation. The Company considers shipping and handling services to be fulfillment activities and as such they do not represent separate performance obligations for revenue recognition. Sales of short term service arrangements are recognized as the services are performed, and sales of long term service arrangements are typically recognized on a straight line basis over the life of the agreement. 
 For certain arrangements where there is significant customization to the product and for long-term construction-type sales contracts, revenue may be recognized over time as performance is completed. In these instances, revenue is recognized using a measure of progress that applies an input method based on costs incurred in relation to total estimated costs at completion (the percentage-of-completion method). These arrangements include large water treatment projects, systems, and solutions for municipal and industrial applications. The nature of the contracts is generally fixed price with milestone billings. In order for revenue to be recognized over a period of time, the product must have no alternative use and the Company must have an enforceable right to payment for the performance completed to date, including a normal profit margin, in the event of termination for convenience. If these two criteria are not met, revenue from these contracts will not be recognized until construction is complete. Contract costs include all direct materials, labor, subcontractors costs and indirect costs related to contract performance. We believe this is the most accurate measure of contract performance because it directly measures the value of the goods and services transferred to the customer. 
 The percentage-of-completion method of revenue recognition requires us to prepare estimates of cost to complete for contracts in progress. Due to the nature of the work performed on many of our performance obligations, the estimates of total revenue and cost at completion is complex, subject to many variables and may require significant judgment. In making such estimates, judgments are required to evaluate contingencies such as weather, potential variances in schedule and the cost of materials, labor cost and productivity, the impact of change orders, liability claims, contract disputes and achievement of contractual performance standards. As a significant change in one or more of these estimates could affect the profitability of our contracts, we routinely review and update our significant contract estimates through a disciplined project review process in which management reviews the progress and execution of our performance obligations and estimates at completion. Contract revenue and cost estimates are reviewed and revised monthly and the cumulative effect of such adjustments are recognized in current operations. Such changes in contract estimates can result in the 
 55 

recognition of revenue in a current period for performance obligations which were satisfied or partially satisfied in a prior period. Changes in contract estimates may also result in the reversal of previously recognized revenue if the current estimate differs from the previous estimate. The amount of such adjustments has not been material. 
 For contracts with multiple performance obligations, we allocate the transaction price to each performance obligation using our best estimate of the standalone selling price of each distinct good or service in the contract. In cases where we do not provide the distinct good or service on a standalone basis, the primary method used to estimate standalone selling price is the expected cost plus a margin approach, under which we forecast our expected costs of satisfying a performance obligation and then add an appropriate margin for that distinct good or service. Our contracts are sometimes modified for changes in contract specifications and requirements. Judgment is required to determine if such modifications result in goods or services that are distinct from the existing contract. For customized products and long-term construction type contracts, most contract modifications are for goods and services that are not distinct due to the significant integration provided in the context of the contract and are accounted for as if they were part of the original contract on a cumulative catch-up basis. We account for contract modifications prospectively when it results in the promise to deliver additional goods and services that are distinct and the increase in price of the contract is for the same amount as the stand-alone selling price of the additional goods or services included in the modification. 
 
 Our contracts sometimes contain variable consideration in the form of incentive fees, performance bonuses, award fees, liquidated damages, or penalties. Other contract provisions also give rise to variable consideration such as claims and unpriced change orders that may either increase or decrease the transaction price. We estimate the amount of variable consideration at the most likely amount we expect to be entitled. Variable consideration is included in the transaction price when it is probable that a significant reversal of cumulative revenue recognized will not occur or when the uncertainty associated with the variable consideration is resolved. Our estimates of variable consideration and determination of whether to include such amounts in the transaction price are based largely on our assessment of legal enforceability, anticipated performance, and any other information (historical, current, or forecasted) that is reasonably available to us. Variable consideration associated with claims and unapproved change orders is included in the transaction price only to the extent of costs incurred. 
 Product Warranties 
 Accruals for estimated expenses related to warranties are made at the time products are sold and are recorded as a component of cost of product sales in the Consolidated Statements of Operations in our Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report. The estimated warranty obligation is based on product warranty terms offered to customers, ongoing product failure rates, material usage and service delivery costs expected to be incurred in correcting a product failure, as well as specific obligations for known failures and other currently available evidence. We assess the adequacy of the recorded warranty liabilities on a regular basis and adjust amounts as necessary. 
 Deferred Taxes, Valuation Allowances, and Tax Contingencies 
 Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the expected future tax consequences of events that have been recognized in our Consolidated Financial Statements or tax returns. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date. We record a valuation allowance to reduce certain deferred tax assets to amounts that are more-likely-than-not to be realized within a reasonable period of time. The factors used to assess the likelihood of realization include our forecast of future taxable income exclusive of reversing temporary differences and carryforwards, future reversals of existing taxable temporary differences and available tax planning strategies that could be implemented to realize the net deferred tax assets. 
 
 We consider both positive and negative evidence when evaluating the need for a valuation allowance on our deferred tax assets in accordance with ASC 740, Income Taxes . Available evidence includes historical financial information supplemented by currently available information about future years. Generally, historical financial information is more objectively verifiable than projections of future income and is therefore given more weight in our assessment. We consider cumulative losses in the most recent twelve quarters to be significant negative evidence that is difficult to 
 56 

overcome in considering whether a valuation allowance is required. Conversely, we consider a cumulative income position over the most recent twelve quarters, to be significant positive evidence that a valuation allowance may not be required. 
 
 Income tax positions must meet a more-likely-than-not recognition threshold to be recognized. Income tax positions that previously failed to meet the more-likely-than-not threshold are recognized in the first subsequent financial reporting period in which that threshold is met. Previously recognized tax positions that no longer meet the more-likely-than-not threshold are derecognized in the first subsequent financial reporting period in which that threshold is no longer met. Uncertain tax positions are reviewed each balance sheet date. We recognize potential interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in income tax expense. 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 See Note 2, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies in Item 8, included in this Annual Report for a complete discussion of recently adopted accounting pronouncements and recently issued accounting pronouncements not yet adopted. 
 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 We have market risk exposure arising from changes in interest rates on our senior secured credit facilities, which bear interest at rates that are benchmarked against LIBOR. Based on our overall interest rate exposure to variable rate debt outstanding as of September 30, 2021, a 1 increase or decrease in interest rates would decrease or increase income (loss) before income taxes by approximately 6.8 million. By comparison, a 1 increase or decrease in interest rates would have decreased or increased income (loss) before income taxes by approximately 8.2 million as of September 30, 2020 based on our overall interest rate exposure to variable rate debt outstanding as of that date. 
 In June 2021, the Company entered into an interest rate swap with an effective date of August 1, 2022 to mitigate risk associated with a variable rate equipment financing. The interest rate swap provides for a fixed rate of 5.25 , has a notional amount of 31 million and a term of seven years. 
 In May 2020, the Company entered into an interest rate swap to mitigate risks associated with variable rate debt. The interest rate swap has a five year term to hedge the variability of interest payments on the first 500 million of the Company s senior secured debt and fixes the LIBOR rate on this portion of the senior secured debt at 0.61 . 
 
 Impact of Inflation and Tariffs 
 Our results of operations and financial condition are presented based on historical cost. Our financial results can be expected to be directly impacted by substantial increases in costs due to commodity cost increases, general inflation, and tariffs, which could lead to a reduction in our revenue as well as decreased margins, as increased costs may not be able to be passed on to customers. We cannot provide any assurance that our results of operations and financial condition will not be materially impacted by inflation in the future. The Company engages in activities to adjust pricing practices with customers to attempt to mitigate the inflationary cost impact incurred. Additionally, while we have experienced supply chain disruptions, to date we have managed restrictions in material availability, delays in shipments or disruptions associated with finding and qualifying alternate suppliers in order to maintain our ability to fulfill customer requirements. 
 57 

Foreign Currency Risk 
 We have global operations and therefore enter into transactions denominated in various foreign currencies. While we believe we are not susceptible to any material cash impact on our results of operations caused by fluctuations in exchange rates because our operations are primarily conducted in the United States U.S. ), if we expand our foreign operations in the future, substantial increases or decreases in the value of the U.S. dollar relative to these other currencies could have a significant impact on our results of operations. 
 To mitigate cross-currency transaction risk, we analyze significant exposures where we have receipts or payments in a currency other than the functional currency of our operations, and from time to time we may strategically enter into short-term foreign currency forward contracts to lock in some or all of the cash flows associated with these transactions. We also are subject to currency translation risk associated with converting our foreign operations financial statements into U.S. dollars. We use short-term foreign currency forward contracts and swaps to mitigate the impact of foreign exchange fluctuations on consolidated earnings. We use foreign currency derivative contracts in order to manage the effect of exchange fluctuations on forecasted sales, purchases, acquisitions, inventory, capital expenditures and certain intercompany transactions that are denominated in foreign currencies. We do not use derivative financial instruments for trading or speculative purposes. 
 Additionally, we are subject to foreign exchange translation risk due to changes in the value of foreign currencies in relation to our reporting currency, the U.S. Dollar. At this time the Company s translation risk is primarily concentrated in the exchange rate between the U.S. Dollar and the Euro due to intercompany loans denominated in Euro used to facilitate the capital requirements of our non-U.S. subsidiaries. As the U.S. Dollar strengthens against the Euro, income will generally be negatively impacted, and as the U.S. Dollar weakens, income will generally be positively impacted. At this time these are non-cash impacts. We manage our worldwide cash requirements in accordance with availability in multiple jurisdictions and effectiveness with which those funds can be accessed. As a result, we may access cash from among international subsidiaries and the U.S. when it is cost effective to do so. We continually review our domestic and foreign cash profile, expected future cash generation and investment opportunities and reassess whether there is a need to repatriate funds held internationally to support our U.S. operations. Accordingly, we do not expect translation risk to have a material economic impact on our financial positions or results of operations. Based on our overall foreign currency translation risk exposure related to intercompany loans denominated in Euro as of September 30, 2021 and 2020, a 1 increase or decrease in the Euro to U.S. Dollar exchange rate would decrease or increase income (loss) before income taxes by approximately 1.0 million in both periods. 
 58 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND 
 SUPPLEMENTARY FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 Evoqua Water Technologies Corp. 
 Audited Consolidated Financial Statements Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 60 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2021 and 2020 
 64 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019 
 65 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the Years Ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019 
 66 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity for the Years Ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019 
 67 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Cash Flow for the Years Ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019 
 68 
 Supplemental Disclosure of Cash Flow Information for the Years Ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019 
 69 
 Notes to Audited Consolidated Financial Statements 
 70 
 Schedule I Parent Company Financial Information 
 117 

59 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 The Board of Directors and Shareholders of 
 Evoqua Water Technologies Corp. 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Evoqua Water Technologies Corp. (the Company) as of September 30, 2021 and 2020, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income (loss), changes in equity and changes in cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended September 30, 2021, and the related notes and the financial statement schedule listed in the Index at Item 15(a)1 to the consolidated financial statements (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at September 30, 2021 and 2020, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended September 30, 2021, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles 
 . 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2021, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) and our report dated November 17, 2021 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 60 

Revenue recognition - contract cost estimates 
 Description of the Matter As explained in Notes 2 and 5 to the consolidated financial statements, when there is significant customization to the products associated with large water treatment projects for municipal and industrial applications, the Company recognizes revenue as performance is completed, using a measure of progress based on costs incurred in relation to estimated costs at completion. Because these estimates are subject to change during the performance of the contract, significant changes in estimates could have a material effect on the Company s results of operations. 
 Auditing the total cost estimates for projects where there is significant customization requires complex auditor judgment because of the significant management judgment necessary to develop the estimated total materials and labor costs at completion due to the size, uniqueness of and identified risks for each contract. 

How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of relevant internal controls over the Company s process relating to the determination of cost estimates for projects involving significant customer customization. For example, we evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of controls over management s review of the assumptions and data utilized to estimate costs to complete and the accumulation of actual costs incurred. 
 To test the total cost estimation for projects, our audit procedures included, among others, obtaining an understanding of the contract, assessing management s initial total cost estimate, including the materials and labor inputs for a sample of projects, as well as testing the detail of updates made to cost estimates. We analyzed cost estimates, including management s evaluation of contract clauses and inputs used in cost calculations and assessed the measurement of project completion by performing a physical or virtual site inspection for a sample of in-progress contracts to assess estimates of project progress. Further, we tested cost accumulation for a sample of projects through performing physical and virtual site inspections to assess estimates of project progress, which included performing inquiries of project managers and controllers, as well as through agreement to contract summary data and testing of a sample of costs incurred by comparing amounts recorded to source documents and contracts. We also performed a retrospective review of management s cost estimates for a sample of completed contracts by comparing initial estimates with the actual historical data to assess management s ability to estimate. 

/s/ Ernst Young LLP 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2013. 
 Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania 
 November 17, 2021 
 61 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 The Board of Directors and Shareholders of 
 Evoqua Water Technologies Corp. 
 Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 We have audited Evoqua Water Technologies Corp. s internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2021, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the COSO criteria). In our opinion, Evoqua Water Technologies Corp. (the Company) maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2021, based on the COSO criteria. 
 
 As indicated in the accompanying Management s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting, management s assessment of and conclusion on the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting did not include the internal controls of WCSI, which is included in the 2021 consolidated financial statements of the Company and constituted 0.7 of total assets as of September 30, 2021 and 0.3 of net sales for the year then ended. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting of the Company also did not include an evaluation of the internal control over financial reporting of WCSI. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of September 30, 2021 and 2020, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income (loss), changes in equity and changes in cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended September 30, 2021, and the related notes and the financial statement schedule listed in the Index at Item 15(a)1 to the consolidated financial statements and our report dated November 17, 2021 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 
 Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 62 

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 /s/ Ernst Young LLP 
 Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania 
 November 17, 2021 

63 

Evoqua Water Technologies Corp. 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 (In thousands) 
 September 30, 2021 September 30, 2020 ASSETS Current assets 
 Cash and cash equivalents Receivables, net Inventories, net Contract assets Prepaid and other current assets Income tax receivable 
 Property, plant, and equipment, net 
 Goodwill 
 Intangible assets, net 
 Deferred income taxes, net of valuation allowance 
 Operating lease right-of-use assets, net Other non current assets Total assets 
 LIABILITIES AND EQUITY Current liabilities 
 Accounts payable Current portion of debt, net of deferred financing fees and discounts Contract liabilities Product warranties Accrued expenses and other liabilities Income tax payable Non current liabilities 
 Long term debt, net of deferred financing fees and discounts Product warranties Obligation under operating leases Other non current liabilities Deferred income taxes 
 Total liabilities 
 Commitments and Contingent Liabilities (Note 22) 
 Shareholders equity Common stock, par value : authorized shares; issued shares, outstanding at September 30, 2021; issued shares, outstanding at September 30, 2020 
 Treasury stock: shares at September 30, 2021 and shares at September 30, 2020 
 ) ) Additional paid in capital Retained deficit ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax 
 ) Total Evoqua Water Technologies Corp. equity Non controlling interest 
 Total shareholders equity 
 Total liabilities and shareholders equity 
 
 See accompanying notes to these Consolidated Financial Statements 
 64 

Evoqua Water Technologies Corp. 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 (In thousands except per share data) 
 Year Ended September 30, 2021 2020 2019 Revenue from product sales Revenue from services Revenue from product sales and services Cost of product sales ) ) ) Cost of services ) ) ) Cost of product sales and services ) ) ) Gross profit General and administrative expense ) ) ) Sales and marketing expense ) ) ) Research and development expense ) ) ) Total operating expenses ) ) ) Other operating income Other operating expense ) ) ) Income before interest expense and income taxes Interest expense ) ) ) Income before income taxes Income tax expense ) ) ) Net income (loss) ) Net income attributable to non controlling interest Net income (loss) attributable to Evoqua Water Technologies Corp. ) Basic income (loss) per common share ) Diluted income (loss) per common share ) 
 See accompanying notes to these Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 65 

Evoqua Water Technologies Corp. 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 (In thousands) Year Ended September 30, 2021 2020 2019 Net income (loss) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) Foreign currency translation adjustments ) Unrealized derivative gain (loss) on cash flow hedges, net of tax ) Change in pension liability, net of tax ) Total other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Less: Comprehensive income attributable to non controlling interest 
 ) ) ) Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to Evoqua Water Technologies Corp. 
 ) 
 See accompanying notes to these Consolidated Financial Statements 
 66 

Evoqua Water Technologies Corp. 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity 
 (In thousands) Common Stock 
 Treasury Stock 
 Additional Paid in Capital 
 Retained Deficit 
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive (Loss) Income 
 Non controlling Interest 
 Total 
 Shares 
 Cost 
 Shares 
 Cost 
 Balance at September 30, 2018 ) ) ) Cumulative effect of adoption of new accounting standards ) ) Equity based compensation expense Shares of common stock issued in initial public offering, net of offering costs Shares withheld related to net share settlement (including tax withholdings) ) ) Dividends paid to non controlling interest ) ) Net (loss) income ) ) Other comprehensive loss ) ) Balance at September 30, 2019 ) ) ) Cumulative effect of adoption of new accounting standards ) ) Equity based compensation expense Issuance of common stock, net Divestiture of Memcor product line ) ) Dividends paid to non-controlling interest ) ) Net income Other comprehensive loss ) ) Balance at September 30, 2020 ) ) ) Equity based compensation expense Issuance of common stock, net ) Dividends paid to non-controlling interest ) ) Net income Other comprehensive income Balance at September 30, 2021 ) ) 
 See accompanying notes to these Consolidated Financial Statements 
 67 

Evoqua Water Technologies Corp. 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Cash Flows 
 (In thousands) 
 Year Ended September 30, 2021 2020 2019 Operating activities Net income (loss) ) Reconciliation of net income to cash flows provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Amortization of deferred financing fees (includes , , and write off of deferred financing fees) 
 Deferred income taxes ) ) Share-based compensation Loss (gain) on sale of property, plant, and equipment ) Loss (gain) on sale of business ) Foreign currency exchange (gains) losses on intercompany loans and other non-cash items ) ) Changes in assets and liabilities Accounts receivable ) ) ) Inventories ) ) ) Contract assets ) ) Prepaids and other current assets Accounts payable Accrued expenses and other liabilities ) Contract liabilities ) Income taxes ) ) Other non current assets and liabilities ) Net cash provided by operating activities Investing activities Purchase of property, plant, and equipment ) ) ) Purchase of intangibles ) ) ) Proceeds from sale of property, plant, and equipment Proceeds from sale of business, net of cash of , , and 
 Acquisitions, net of cash received , , and 
 ) ) ) Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities ) ) Financing activities Issuance of debt, net of deferred issuance costs Borrowings under credit facility Repayment of debt ) ) ) Repayment of finance lease obligation ) ) ) Payment of earn-out related to previous acquisitions 
 ) ) ) Proceeds from issuance of common stock Taxes paid related to net share settlements of share-based compensation awards ) ) ) Cash paid for interest rate cap ) Distribution to non controlling interest ) ) ) Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities ) ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash ) Cash and cash equivalents classified as held for sale ) Change in cash and cash equivalents ) Cash and cash equivalents Beginning of period End of period 
 See accompanying notes to these Consolidated Financial Statements 
 68 

Evoqua Water Technologies Corp. 
 Supplemental Disclosure of Cash Flow Information 
 (In thousands) 
 Year Ended September 30, 2021 2020 2019 Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information Cash paid for taxes 
 Cash paid for interest 
 Non cash investing and financing activities Accrued earn-out related to acquisitions 
 Finance lease transactions 
 Operating lease transactions Option and Purchase Right Landlord incentives 
 
 See accompanying notes to these Consolidated Financial Statements 
 69 

Evoqua Water Technologies Corp. 
 Notes to Audited Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (In thousands) 
 
 1. 
 shares of common stock were sold by certain selling shareholders. On February 11, 2021, the Company completed an additional secondary public offering, pursuant to which shares of common stock were sold by certain selling shareholders. Upon completion of these offerings, AEA Investors LP disposed of all of their shares of the Company s common stock. The Company did not receive any proceeds from the sale of shares by the selling shareholders in either of these secondary public offerings. 
 The Business 
 EWT provides a wide range of product brands and advanced water and wastewater treatment systems and technologies, as well as mobile and emergency water supply solutions and service contract options through its branch network. Headquartered in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, EWT is a multinational corporation with operations in the United States U.S. ), Canada, the United Kingdom UK ), the Netherlands, Germany, Australia, the People s Republic of China, Singapore, the Republic of Korea, and India. 
 The Company is organizationally structured into reportable operating segments for the purpose of making operational decisions and assessing financial performance: (i) Integrated Solutions and Services and (ii) Applied Product Technologies. 
 
 Unless otherwise specified, all dollar and share amounts in this section are referred to in thousands. Certain prior period amounts have been reclassified to conform to the current period presentation. The Company s fiscal year ends on September 30 of each year and references in this section to a year refer to the Company s fiscal year. As such, references to: 2021 relates to the fiscal year ended September 30, 2021, 2020 relates to the fiscal year ended September 30, 2020 and 2019 relates to the fiscal year ended September 30, 2019. 
 
 Correction of Immaterial Errors 
 During the quarter ended March 31, 2021, the Company identified errors related to the reporting of tax remittances associated with certain equity awards, resulting in a classification error of between additional paid in capital and accumulated other comprehensive loss. Management recorded the correction to additional paid in capital and accumulated other comprehensive balances during the quarter ended March 31, 2021. Management considered both the quantitative and qualitative factors within the provisions of SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 99, Materiality , and Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 108, Considering the Effects of Prior Year Misstatements when Quantifying Misstatements in Current Year Financial Statements . Based on evaluation of the errors, management has concluded that the prior period 
 70 

and an overstatement of net cash provided by financing activities of for the period from October 1, 2019 to September 30, 2020. The Company has elected to voluntarily correct the identified immaterial classification error in the prior period Consolidated Statements of Changes to Cash Flows to enhance comparability. In doing so, balances in the Consolidated Statements of Changes to Cash Flows included in this Form 10-K have been adjusted to reflect the voluntary immaterial classification error correction of between financing and operating in the prior period. Future filings that include prior periods will be corrected, as needed, when filed. 
 The correction of the above classification errors did not have any effect on the Consolidated Statements of Operations in any of the periods previously presented. 
 
 2. 

71 

to years 
 Buildings and improvements to years 
 
 Leasehold improvements are depreciated over the shorter of their estimated useful life or the term of the lease. Costs related to maintenance and repairs that do not extend the assets useful life are expensed as incurred. 

to years. 
 The Company reviews goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets to determine potential impairment annually during the fourth quarter of its fiscal year, or more frequently if events and circumstances indicate that the asset might be impaired. Impairment testing for goodwill is performed at a reporting unit level and the Company has determined that it has three reporting units. The quantitative impairment testing for goodwill utilizes both a market (guideline public company) and income (discounted cash flows) method for determining fair value. In estimating the fair value of the reporting unit utilizing a discounted cash flow DCF valuation technique, the Company incorporates its judgment and estimates of future cash flows, future revenue and gross profit growth rates, terminal value amount, capital expenditures and applicable weighted average cost of capital used to discount these estimated cash flows. The estimates and projections used in the estimate of fair value are consistent with the Company s current budget and long range plans, including anticipated change in market conditions, industry trend, growth rates and planned capital expenditures, among other considerations. 
 
 72 

will be recorded at the point in time when the construction is complete. 
 The recording of assets recognized from the costs to obtain and fulfill customer contracts primarily relate to the deferral of sales commissions. The Company s costs incurred to obtain or fulfill a contract with a customer are classified as non-current assets and amortized to expense over the period of benefit of the related revenue. These costs are recorded within Cost of product sales and services. The amount of contract costs was insignificant at September 30, 2021. 
 The Company offers standard warranties that generally do not represent a separate performance obligation. In certain instances, a warranty is obtained separately from the original equipment sale or the warranty provides incremental services and as such is treated as a separate performance obligation. 
 
 73 

74 

Revenue and expenses are translated at the weighted average exchange rate for the period, with the resulting translation adjustments recorded in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 Foreign currency translation (gains) losses, mainly related to intercompany loans, which aggregated ), ) and for the years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively, are primarily included in General and administrative expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 

75 

76 

3. 
 partnership interest. The Company is obligated to absorb all risk of loss up to of the joint venture partner s equity. As such, the Company fully consolidates TWO as a variable interest entity VIE under ASC Topic No. 810, Consolidation . The Company has not provided, and is not contractually required to provide, additional financial support to this entity, and the Company does not have the ability to use the assets of TWO to settle obligations of the Company s other subsidiaries. 
 The following provides a summary of TWO s balance sheet as of September 30, 2021 and September 30, 2020 and summarized financial information for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019. 
 September 30, 2021 September 30, 2020 Current assets (includes cash of and 
 Property, plant, and equipment Goodwill Total liabilities ) ) 
 Year Ended September 30, 2021 2020 2019 Total revenue Total operating expenses ) ) ) Income from operations 
 On October 1, 2019, the Company acquired a investment position in San Diego-based Frontier Water Systems, LLC Frontier ). The Frontier acquisition is a VIE because it has insufficient equity to finance its activities due to key assets being assigned to the Company upon acquisition. The Company is the primary beneficiary of Frontier because the Company has the power to direct the activities that most significantly affect Frontier s economic performance. 
 In addition, the Company entered into an agreement to acquire the remaining interest in Frontier on or prior to March 30, 2024. This agreement (a) gave holders of the remaining interest in Frontier (the Minority Owners the right to sell to Evoqua up to approximately of the outstanding equity in Frontier at a predetermined price, which right was exercisable by the Minority Owners between January 1, 2021 and February 28, 2021 (the Option ), and (b) obligates the Company to purchase and the Minority Owners to sell all of the Minority Owners remaining interest in Frontier at the fair market value at the time of sale on or prior to March 30, 2024 (the Purchase Right ). The Purchase Right may be exercised early by the Minority Owners. The agreement to purchase the remaining interest was determined to be financing due to the mandatory Purchase Right, as per ASC Topic 480, Distinguishing Liabilities From Equity , and as such, the Company recognized a liability for the remaining interest. The Minority Owners exercised the Option, and on April 8, 2021, the Company completed the purchase of an additional of the outstanding equity in Frontier for approximately . As a result, the Company s ownership position in Frontier increased to . 
 Additionally, the Company fully consolidates Frontier as a VIE under ASC Topic No. 810, Consolidation . 
 77 

and 
 Property, plant, and equipment Goodwill Intangible assets, net Total liabilities ) ) 
 Year Ended September 30, 2021 2020 Total revenue Total operating expenses ) ) Loss from operations ) ) 
 
 4. 
 cash paid at closing. In addition, the Company recorded a liability of at closing associated with an earn-out related to the WCSI acquisition, which was subsequently revalued to and is included in Accrued expenses and other liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. During the year ended September 30, 2021, the Company received cash of from the seller as a result of net working capital adjustments. WCSI is a leader in the design, manufacturing, and service of industrial high-purity water treatment systems. The acquisition strengthens the Company s portfolio of high-purity water treatment systems and provides the opportunity to further expand its digitally enabled solutions and services in key industrial markets. WCSI is a part of the Integrated Solutions and Services segment. During the year ended September 30, 2021, the Company incurred approximately in acquisition costs, which are included in General and administrative expense on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 The Company has not finalized the valuations of the acquired assets, assumed liabilities, and identifiable intangible assets, including goodwill. 
 Property, plant, and equipment Goodwill Intangible assets, net Other non-current assets Total assets acquired Liabilities assumed ) Net assets acquired 
 78 

cash paid at closing. On April 1, 2021, the Company paid an additional as a result of net working capital adjustments. Ultrapure, based out of Texas, provides customers across multiple end markets with a variety of water treatment products and services, including service deionization, reverse osmosis, UV, and ozonation. Ultrapure will strengthen the Company s service capabilities in the Houston and Dallas markets and is a part of the Integrated Solutions and Services segment. During the year ended September 30, 2021, the Company incurred approximately in acquisition costs, which are included in General and administrative expense on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 Property, plant, and equipment Goodwill Intangible assets, net Other non-current assets Total assets acquired Liabilities assumed ) Net assets acquired 
 2021 Divestitures 
 On March 1, 2021, the Company completed the divestiture of the Lange containment system, geomembrane and geosynthetic liner product line (the Lange Product Line for in cash at closing. The Lange Product Line was a part of the Integrated Solutions and Services segment. During the year ended September 30, 2021, the Company recognized a loss of on the divestiture. 
 2020 Acquisitions 
 On September 3, 2020, the Company acquired the assets of privately held Aquapure Technologies of Cincinnati Aquapure ), a Hamilton, Ohio based water service and equipment company. Aquapure serves the commercial and light industrial markets and provides customers with a variety of water treatment products and services, including deionization, reverse osmosis, softeners, and filtration systems. Aquapure is part of the Integrated Solutions and Services segment. 
 On October 1, 2019, the Company acquired a investment position in San Diego-based Frontier Water Systems, LLC Frontier for a purchase price of , which is net of working capital adjustments. Frontier is a pioneer in the development of patented, engineered equipment packages for high-rate treatment and removal of selenium, nitrate, and other metals from complex water systems. During the year September 30, 2020, the Company incurred approximately in acquisition costs, which are included in General and administrative expenses. Frontier is part of the Integrated Solutions and Services segment. 
 The Company entered into an agreement to acquire the remaining interest in Frontier on or prior to March 30, 2024. This agreement (a) gives holders of the remaining interest in Frontier (the Minority Owners the right to sell to Evoqua up to approximately of the outstanding equity in Frontier at a predetermined price, which right may be exercised by the Minority Owners between January 1, 2021 and February 28, 2021 (the Option ), and (b) obligates the Company to purchase and the Minority Owners to sell all of the Minority Owners remaining interest in Frontier at the fair market value at the time of sale on or prior to March 30, 2024 (the Purchase Right ). The Purchase Right may be exercised early by the Minority Owners. The agreement to purchase the remaining interest was determined to be financing due to the mandatory Purchase Right, as per ASC Topic 480, Distinguishing Liabilities From Equity, and as such, the Company recognized a liability for the remaining interest. 
 79 

using a Black Scholes model, and was included within Accrued expenses and other liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 The value of the Purchase Right was determined to be and was included within Other non current liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets, based upon the enterprise value of Frontier upon the acquisition date as per ASC Topic 480, Distinguishing Liabilities From Equity. Pursuant to ASC Topic 480, the Company determined that this should be recorded as a liability and should be recognized at the fair value at the time of inception, adjusted for any consideration or unstated rights or privileges. The liability will be subsequently measured at an amount that would be paid on the reporting date with any change in value from the previous reporting date recognized as interest cost. Refer to Note 6, Fair Value Measurements for a discussion of subsequent measurement of the Option and Purchase Right. 
 Property, plant, and equipment Goodwill Intangible assets Total assets acquired Liabilities related to Option and Purchase Right ) Other liabilities assumed ) Net assets acquired 
 2020 Divestitures 
 in cash, subject to certain adjustments. Following adjustments for cash and net working capital, gross proceeds paid by DuPont were . During the year September 30, 2020, the Company recognized a net pre-tax benefit on the sale of the Memcor product line, net of of discretionary compensation payments to employees in connection with the transaction and in transaction costs incurred. The Company utilized of the proceeds from the transaction to repay a portion of the Company s First Lien Term Loans in January 2020. 
 
 5. 
 Other (1) 
 Total 
 (1) Other revenue relates to revenue recognized pursuant to ASU 2016-02, Leases (Topic 842) , primarily attributable to long term rentals. 
 80 

Revenue from aftermarket Revenue from service Total Applied Product Technologies Revenue from capital projects Revenue from aftermarket Revenue from service Total Total Revenue Revenue from capital projects Revenue from aftermarket Revenue from service Total 
 Europe Asia Canada Australia Total 
 Performance Obligations 
 The Company elects to apply the practical expedient to exclude from this disclosure revenue related to performance obligations if the product has an alternative use and the Company does not have an enforceable right to payment for the performance completed to date, including a normal profit margin, in the event of termination for convenience. The Company maintains a backlog of confirmed orders of approximately at September 30, 2021. This backlog represents the aggregate amount of the transaction price allocated to performance obligations that were unsatisfied or partially unsatisfied as of the end of the reporting period. The Company estimates that the majority of these performance obligations will be satisfied within the next twelve to . 
 
 81 

Recognized in current period Reclassified to accounts receivable ) ) Amounts related to sale of the Memcor product line Foreign currency ) Balance at end of period 
 (a) Excludes receivable balances which are disclosed on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 Year Ended September 30, Contract Liabilities 2021 2020 Balance at beginning of period Recognized in current period Amounts in beginning balance reclassified to revenue ) ) Current period amounts reclassified to revenue ) ) Amounts related to sale of the Memcor product line ) Foreign currency ) Balance at end of period 
 
 6. 
 
 82 

Global Multi-Asset Fund Government Securities Liability Driven Investment Guernsey Unit Trust Global Absolute Return Deferred compensation plan assets Cash Mutual Funds Interest rate swaps Foreign currency forward contracts Liabilities: Pension plan ) Deferred compensation plan liabilities ) Total return swaps deferred compensation ) Long term debt ) Interest rate swaps ) Foreign currency forward contracts ) Commodity swaps ) Earn-outs related to acquisitions ) Purchase Right ) As of September 30, 2020 Assets: Pension plan Cash Government Securities Liability Driven Investment Guernsey Unit Trust Global Absolute Return Deferred compensation plan assets Trust Assets Insurance Foreign currency forward contracts Liabilities: Pension plan ) Deferred compensation plan liabilities ) Long term debt ) Interest rate swap ) Foreign currency forward contracts ) Earn-outs related to acquisitions ) Option and Purchase Right ) 
 83 

at September 30, 2021. 
 The Company records contingent consideration arrangements at fair value on a recurring basis and the associated balances presented as of September 30, 2021 and 2020 are earn-outs related to acquisitions. See Note 4, Acquisitions and Divestitures for further discussion regarding the earn-outs recorded for specific acquisitions. The fair value of earn-outs related to acquisitions is based on significant unobservable inputs including the achievement of certain performance metrics. Significant changes in these inputs would result in corresponding increases or decreases in the fair value of the earn-out each period until the related contingency has been resolved. Changes in the fair value of the contingent consideration obligations can result from adjustments in the probability of achieving future development steps, sales targets and profitability and are recorded in General and administrative expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 Payments ) ) Reclassifications Fair value adjustment ) ) ) Balance at September 30, 2020 Acquisitions Payments ) ) Fair value adjustment ) ) Balance at September 30, 2021 
 (1) Included in Accrued expenses and other liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 (2) Included in Other non current liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 Pursuant to the acquisition of Frontier, the Company recorded a liability for the Option and Purchase Right to purchase the remaining interest. The fair value of the options is based upon significant unobservable inputs including future earnings and other market factors. Significant changes in these inputs would result in corresponding increases or decreases in the fair value of the options each period until the purchase of the remaining interest has occurred. Changes in the fair value can result from earnings achieved over the passage of time and will be recorded in Interest expense in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. The Minority Owners exercised the Option, and on April 8, 2021 the Company completed the purchase of an additional of the outstanding equity in Frontier for approximately . During the year ended September 30, 2021, the Company recorded an increase in the fair value of the Purchase Right liability for , which was recorded to Interest expense on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. As of September 30, 2021, is included in Other non current liabilities related to the Purchase Right on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. As of September 30, 2020, is included in Other non current liabilities related to the Purchase Right on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 84 

7. 
 Allowance for Credit Losses 
 ) ) Receivables, net 
 The movement in the allowance for credit losses was as follows: 
 Year Ended September 30, 2021 2020 2019 Balance at beginning of period ) ) ) Charged to costs and expenses 
 ) ) ) Write-offs 
 Foreign currency and other 
 Balance at end of period 
 ) ) ) 
 
 8. 
 Work in progress Finished goods and products held for resale Costs of unbilled projects Reserves for excess and obsolete 
 ) ) Inventories, net) ) ) Change to reserve requirement ) ) Write-offs Foreign currency and other ) Balance at end of period 
 ) ) ) 
 85 

9. 
 Rental equipment Land and buildings Construction in process 
 Less: accumulated depreciation 
 ) ) Property, plant, and equipment, net 
 
 Construction in process 
 
 Maintenance and repair expense 
 
 10. 
 Business combinations and divestitures ) Measurement period adjustments Foreign currency translation ) Balance at September 30, 2020 Business combinations and divestitures Measurement period adjustments ) ) Foreign currency translation Balance at September 30, 2021 
 As of September 30, 2021 and 2020, and , respectively, of goodwill is deductible for tax purposes. 
 86 

11. 
 - 
 ) Proprietary technology - 
 ) Trademark - 
 ) Backlog 
 ) Other - 
 ) Total amortizing intangible assets 
 ) Indefinite lived intangible assets Total intangible assets ) 
 September 30, 2020 Estimated Life 
 (years) 
 Carrying 
 Amount 
 Accumulated 
 Amortization 
 Net Amortizing intangible assets Customer related - 
 ) Proprietary technology - 
 ) Trademark - 
 ) Backlog ) Other ) Total amortizing intangible assets 
 ) Indefinite lived intangible assets Total intangible assets ) 
 The Company s indefinite-lived intangible asset relate to Federal hazardous waste treatment management permits obtained for locations operated by the Integrated Solutions and Services segment. The permits are considered perpetually renewable. The Company performs an indefinite-lived intangible asset impairment analysis on an annual basis during the fourth quarter of the year and whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable. The Company assessed the carrying value of the permits at the Integrated Solutions and Services segment as of July 1, 2021 using a quantitative analysis outlined in ASU No. 2012-02 to determine whether the existence of events or circumstances would lead to the conclusion that it is more likely than not that the fair values of the permits are less than the carrying amounts. Events and circumstances considered in this review included macroeconomic conditions, new competition, financial performance of the entities which utilizes the permits and other financial and non-financial events. Based on these factors, the Company concluded the fair value of the permits were not more likely than not less than the carrying amounts. 
 87 

Proprietary technology Trademarks Other Aggregate net intangible assets 
 Intangible asset amortization was , , and for the years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. 
 2023 2024 2025 2026 Thereafter Total 
 
 12. 
 2021 Revolving Credit Facility, due April 1, 2026 (1) 
 2014 Term Loan, due December 20, 2024 (1) 
 2014 Revolving Credit Facility (1) 
 Securitization Facility, due April 1, 2024 Equipment Financing, due September 30, 2023 to July 5, 2029, interest rates ranging from to 
 Notes Payable, due July 31, 2023 Mortgage (2) 
 Total debt Less unamortized deferred financing fees ) ) Total net debt Less current portion ) ) Total long term debt 
 (1) On April 1, 2021, the Company paid off the outstanding balance of the 2014 Term Loan (as defined below) entered into the 2021 Credit Agreement (as defined below) and terminated the 2014 Credit Agreement (as defined below) 
 (2) In November 2020, the Company paid off the outstanding balance of the mortgage due June 30, 2028. 
 88 

, with a letter of credit sublimit of up to . The term loan outstanding under the 2014 Credit Agreement (the 2014 Term Loan was scheduled to mature on December 20, 2024, and the 2014 Revolving Credit Facility was scheduled to mature on December 20, 2022. As described below, on April 1, 2021, we completed a refinancing of the outstanding 2014 Term Loan and terminated the 2014 Credit Agreement. 
 
 2021 Credit Agreement 
 On April 1, 2021, EWT III entered into a Credit Agreement (the 2021 Credit Agreement among EWT III, as borrower, EWT II, as parent guarantor, the lenders from time to time party thereto, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent and collateral agent, and ING Capital, LLC, as sustainability coordinator. The 2021 Credit Agreement provides for a multi-currency senior secured revolving credit facility in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed the U.S. dollar equivalent of (the 2021 Revolving Credit Facility and a discounted senior secured term (the 2021 Term Loan in the amount of (together with the 2021 Revolving Credit Facility, the Senior Facilities ). The 2021 Credit Agreement also provides for a letter of credit sub-facility not to exceed . The Senior Facilities are guaranteed by EWT II and certain existing and future direct or indirect wholly-owned domestic subsidiaries of EWT III (together with EWT III, collectively, the Loan Parties ), and collateralized by a first lien on substantially all of the assets of the Loan Parties, with certain exceptions. In connection with entering into the 2021 Credit Agreement, on April 1, 2021, EWT III repaid all outstanding indebtedness under the 2014 Credit Agreement and terminated that facility. 
 
 The 2021 Credit Agreement contains customary representations, warranties, affirmative covenants, and negative covenants, each substantially similar to those included in the 2014 Credit Agreement, including, among other things, a springing maximum first lien leverage ratio of 5.55 to 1.00. The Company did not exceed this ratio during the year ended September 30, 2021, does not anticipate exceeding this ratio during the fiscal year ending September 30, 2022, and therefore does not anticipate any additional repayments during the year ending September 30, 2022. 
 With respect to the 2021 Revolving Credit Facility, EWT III is required to pay a commitment fee based on the daily unused portion of the 2021 Revolving Credit Facility, as well as certain other fees to the agents and the arrangers under the Senior Facilities. Amounts outstanding under the Senior Facilities, at EWT III s option, bear interest at either (i) a Base Rate determined in accordance with the terms of the 2021 Credit Agreement, (ii) with respect to any amounts denominated in U.S. dollars or Sterling, LIBOR, or replacement thereof, as determined in accordance with the terms of the 2021 Credit Agreement, or (iii) with respect to amounts denominated in Euros, the EURIBOR, or replacement thereof, as determined in accordance with the terms of the 2021 Credit Agreement. In the case of the 2021 Revolving Credit Facility, an applicable margin based on the consolidated total leverage of EWT III and its restricted subsidiaries, as calculated in accordance with the terms of the 2021 Credit Agreement, will be added to the interest rate elected by EWT III; provided that the interest rate may be adjusted if EWT III meets certain metrics for a sustainability price adjustment prior to December 31, 2021. In the case of the 2021 Term Loan, a fixed applicable margin, calculated in accordance with the terms of the 2021 Credit Agreement, will be added to the interest rate elected by EWT III. 
 On April 1, 2021, EWT III borrowed the full amount of under the 2021 Term Loan and under the 2021 Revolving Credit Facility. The 2021 Term Loan was issued at a discount of , which is recorded as a contra-liability to the carrying amount of debt issued, and is being amortized to interest expense using the effective interest method. The net proceeds of these borrowings under the Senior Facilities, together with the net proceeds of the Receivables Securitization Program (as defined below) and cash on hand, were used to repay all outstanding indebtedness, in an aggregate principal amount of approximately , under the 2014 Credit Agreement. The proceeds of the 2021 Revolving Credit Facility may also be used to finance or refinance the working capital and capital expenditures needs of EWT III and certain of its subsidiaries and for general corporate purposes. 
 89 

starting in the fourth quarter of 2021. Subject to the terms of the 2021 Credit Agreement, to the extent not previously paid, any amount owed under the 2021 Revolving Credit Facility will become due and payable in full on April 1, 2026. 
 At September 30, 2021, the Company had (a) outstanding under the 2021 Term Loan, which includes of accrued interest, at an interest rate of , comprised of LIBOR plus the spread, and (b) outstanding under the 2021 Revolving Credit Facility, which includes of accrued interest, at an interest rate of , comprised of LIBOR plus the spread. 
 Outstanding borrowings Outstanding letters of credit Unused amounts Additional letters of credit under a separate arrangement 
 Receivables Securitization Program 
 On April 1, 2021, Evoqua Finance LLC Evoqua Finance ), an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, entered into an accounts receivable securitization program (the Receivables Securitization Program consisting of, among other agreements, (i) a Receivables Financing Agreement (the Receivables Financing Agreement among Evoqua Finance, as the borrower, the lenders from time to time party thereto (the Receivables Financing Lenders ), PNC Bank, National Association PNC Bank ), as administrative agent, Evoqua Water Technologies LLC EWT LLC ), an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, as initial servicer, and PNC Capital Markets LLC PNC Markets ), as structuring agent, pursuant to which the lenders have made available to Evoqua Finance a receivables finance facility (the Securitization Facility in an amount up to and (ii) a Sale and Contribution Agreement (the Sale Agreement among Evoqua Finance, as purchaser, EWT LLC, as initial servicer and as an originator, and Neptune Benson, Inc., an indirectly wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, as an originator (together with EWT LLC, the Originators ). Under the Receivables Securitization Program, the Originators, pursuant to the Sale Agreement, are required to sell substantially all of their domestic trade receivables and certain related rights to payment and obligations of the Originators with respect to such receivables (the Receivables to Evoqua Finance, which, in turn, will obtain loans secured by the Receivables from the Receivables Financing Lenders pursuant to the Receivables Financing Agreement. The Receivables underlying any borrowings will continue to be included in Accounts receivable, net, in the Consolidated Balance Sheets of the Company. On April 1, 2021, Evoqua Finance borrowed under the Securitization Facility. During the year ended September 30, 2021, Evoqua Finance borrowed additional amounts under the Securitization Facility and had outstanding at September 30, 2021, which includes of accrued interest. 
 The Receivables Securitization Program contains certain customary representations, warranties, affirmative covenants, and negative covenants, subject to certain cure periods in some cases, including the eligibility of the Receivables being sold by the Originators and securing the loans made by the Receivables Financing Lenders, as well as customary reserve requirements, events of default, termination events, and servicer defaults. The Company was in compliance with all covenants during the fiscal year ended September 30, 2021, does not anticipate becoming noncompliant during the year ending September 30, 2022, and therefore does not anticipate any additional repayments during the year ending September 30, 2022. 
 90 

as of September 30, 2021, comprised of LIBOR plus the spread. The Receivables Securitization Program matures on April 1, 2024. 
 Equipment Financings 
 June 30, 2021 June 30, 2028 June 30, 2021 July 31, 2029 (1) 
 June 30, 2021 June 30, 2029 March 31, 2021 March 31, 2028 March 31, 2021 June 30, 2029 December 31, 2020 June 30, 2029 December 30, 2020 December 30, 2027 
 LIBOR floor plus a spread. The Company entered into an interest rate swap with an effective date of August 1, 2022 to mitigate risk associated with this variable rate equipment financing, see Note 13, Derivative Financial Instruments for further discussion. 
 Deferred Financing Fees and Discounts) ) Long-term portion of deferred financing fees and discounts (2) 
 ) ) Total deferred financing fees and discounts ) ) 
 (1) Included in Current portion of debt, net of deferred financing fees and discounts on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 (2) Included in Long-term debt, net of deferred financing fees and discounts on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 As a result of the refinancing on April 1, 2021, the Company wrote off approximately of deferred financing fees related to the 2014 Term Loan. In addition, the Company incurred approximately of fees, of which approximately were recorded as deferred financing fees on the Consolidated Balance Sheets and approximately were expensed. During the year ended September 30, 2021, the Company incurred approximately of fees related to the Receivables Securitization Program and of fees related to an equipment financing which were recorded as deferred financing fees on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 91 

, , and for the year ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. 
 Repayment Schedule 
 2023 2024 2025 2026 Thereafter 
 Total 

13. 
 , has a notional amount of and a term of . The interest rate swap has been designated as a cash flow hedge. 
 On May 22, 2020, the Company entered into an interest rate swap to mitigate risks associated with variable rate debt. The interest rate swap became effective on June 30, 2020, has a term of to hedge the variability of interest payments on the first of the Company s senior secured debt and fixes LIBOR on this portion of the senior secured debt at . The interest rate swap has been designated as a cash flow hedge. 
 Foreign Currency Risk Management 
 The Company s functional currency is the U.S. dollar. By operating internationally, the Company is subject to foreign currency risk from transactions denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar foreign currencies ). To mitigate cross-currency transaction risk, the Company analyzes significant exposures where it has receipts or payments in a currency other than the functional currency of its operations, and from time to time may strategically enter into short-term foreign currency forward contracts to lock in some or all of the cash flows associated with these transactions. The Company is also subject to currency translation risk associated with converting the foreign operations financial results into U.S. dollars. The Company uses foreign currency derivative contracts in order to manage the effect of exchange fluctuations on forecasted sales and purchases that are denominated in foreign currencies. To mitigate the impact of foreign exchange rate risk, the Company entered into a series of forward contracts designated as cash flow hedges. As of September 30, 2021, the notional amount of the forward contracts was . 
 92 

. 
 Credit Risk Management 
 The counterparties to the Company s derivative contracts are highly rated financial institutions. The Company regularly reviews the creditworthiness of its financial counterparties and does not expect to incur a significant failure of any counterparties to perform under any agreements. The Company is not subject to any obligations to post collateral under derivative instrument contracts. The Company records all derivative instruments on a gross basis in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Accordingly, there are no offsetting amounts that net assets against liabilities. 
 Derivatives Designated as Cash Flow Hedges 
 The following represents the fair value recorded for derivatives designated as cash flow hedges for the periods presented: 
 Foreign currency forward contracts Prepaid and other current assets 
 Liability Derivatives Balance Sheet Location September 30, 2021 September 30, 2020 Interest rate swaps Accrued expenses and other current liabilities Foreign currency forward contracts Accrued expenses and other current liabilities Commodity swaps Accrued expenses and other current liabilities 
 The following represents the amount of (loss) gain recognized in AOCI (net of tax) during the periods presented: 
 ) Interest rate cap ) Foreign currency forward contracts ) ) ) Commodity swaps ) ) ) 
 
 93 

) ) General and administrative expense ) ) Selling and marketing expense ) Research and development expense ) Interest expense ) ) ) ) ) 
 Based on the fair value amounts of the Company s cash flow hedges at September 30, 2021, the Company expects that approximately of pre-tax net losses will be reclassified from AOCI into earnings during the next . The amount ultimately realized, however, will differ as exchange rates vary and the underlying contracts settle. 
 Derivatives Not Designated as Hedging Instruments 
 Liability Derivatives Balance Sheet Location September 30, 2021 September 30, 2020 Total return swaps deferred compensation Accrued expenses and other current liabilities) ) 
 94 

14. 
 Warranty provision for sales Settlement of warranty claims ) ) ) ) ) ) Foreign currency translation and other 
 ) ) ) Amounts related to sale of the Memcor product line ) ) Balance at end of the period 

15. 
 -segment structure to a -segment operating model designed to better serve the needs of customers worldwide, and various initiatives within the Integrated Solutions and Services segment to drive efficiency and effectiveness in certain divisions. 
 The Company currently expects to incur approximately to of costs during fiscal 2022 related to restructuring charges following the sale of the Memcor product line. The Company currently expects to incur approximately of cash costs during fiscal 2022 as a result of its transition to a -segment operating model related to other non-employee related business optimizations. The Company currently expects to incur approximately to of costs during fiscal 2022 related to the restructuring within certain divisions of the Integrated Solutions and Services segment. 
 Restructuring charges following the sale of the Memcor product line Restructuring charges related to two-segment realignment Restructuring charges related to other initiatives Release of prior reserves ) ) ) Write-off charges ) ) Cash payments ) ) ) Other adjustments 
 ) Balance at end of the period 
 
 95 

General and administrative expense Sales and marketing expense Research and development expense ) Other operating expense, net 

16. 
 96 

Service cost Interest cost Actuarial (gains) losses ) Benefits paid from company assets ) ) Foreign currency exchange impact Projected benefit obligation at measurement date Change in plan assets Fair value of assets at prior year measurement date Actual return on plan assets Benefits paid ) ) Employer contribution Foreign currency exchange impact Fair value of assets at measurement date Funded status and amount recognized in assets and liabilities ) ) Amount recognized in assets and liabilities Other non current assets Other non current liabilities ) ) Amount recognized in accumulated other comprehensive loss, before taxes Actuarial loss 
 Accumulated benefit obligation Fair value of plan assets 
 The weighted average assumptions in the following table represent the rates used to develop the actuarial present value of the projected benefit obligation for the year indicated as well as net periodic pension cost for the following year. The discount rate is based on settling the obligation with high grade, high yield corporate bonds, and the rate of compensation increase is based upon actual experience. The expected return on assets is based on historical performance as well as expected future rates of return on plan assets considering the current investment portfolio mix and the long term investment strategy. 
 - 
 - 
 Expected long term rate of return on plan assets - 
 - 
 Salary scale - 
 - 
 Pension increases - 
 - 
 
 97 

Index linked gilts Cash 
 Interest cost Expected return on plan assets ) ) ) Amortization of actuarial losses 
 Pension expense for defined benefit plans 
 
 The components of pension expense, other than the service cost component, which is included in General and administrative expense, are included in the line item Other operating expense in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 2023 2024 2025 2026 Five years thereafter Total 
 Defined Contribution Plans 
 The Company maintains a defined contribution 401(k) plan, which covers all U.S.-based employees who meet minimum age and length of service requirements. Plan participants can elect to defer pre-tax compensation through payroll deductions. These deferrals are regulated under Section 401(k) of the Internal Revenue Code. Prior to January 1, 2021, the Company matched 100 of eligible participants deferrals that did not exceed of their pay. Effective January 1, 2021, the Company matches 100 of eligible participants deferrals that do not exceed of their pay. Also, effective January 1, 2021, the Company may make a discretionary profit sharing contribution of up to of each plan participant s compensation. All such contributions are subject to limitations imposed by the Internal Revenue Code. The Company s total contributions were , , and for the years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. 
 98 

, , and , respectively. 
 Deferred Compensation 
 On April 1, 2014, the Company adopted a non-qualified deferred compensation plan for certain highly compensated employees. The Plan matches, on a dollar-for-dollar basis, up to the first 6 of a participant s pay. The Company s obligation under the plan represents an unsecured promise to pay benefits in the future. In the event of bankruptcy or insolvency of the Company, assets of the plan would be available to satisfy the claims of general creditors. To increase the security of the participants deferred compensation plan benefits, the Company has established and funded a grantor trust (known as a rabbi trust). The rabbi trust is specifically designed so that assets are available to pay plan benefits to participants in the event the Company is unwilling or unable to pay the plan benefits for any reason other than bankruptcy or insolvency. As a result, the Company is prevented from withdrawing or accessing assets for corporate needs. Plan participants choose to receive a return on their account balances equal to the return on the various investment options. The rabbi trust assets are primarily invested in mutual funds and insurance contracts of which the rabbi trust is the owner and beneficiary. 
 Health Benefit Plan 
 The Company maintains a qualified employee health benefit plan in the U.S. and is self funded by the Company with respect to claims up to a certain amount. The plan requires contributions from eligible employees and their dependents. 
 
 17. 
 ) Foreign Income before income taxes 
 State ) ) ) Foreign ) ) ) ) ) ) Deferred: Federal ) ) State ) Foreign ) Total income tax (expense) benefit ) ) ) 
 For the years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019, the U.S. federal statutory rate was . 
 99 

) ) State and local income taxes, net of federal tax benefit ) ) ) Foreign tax rate differential ) ) ) Nondeductible interest expense ) ) ) Meals and entertainment expense ) ) ) U.S. tax on foreign earnings ) ) ) Nondeductible legal expenses ) Other nondeductible expenses ) ) ) Impact of tax rate changes ) Valuation allowances ) Share-based compensation Non-taxable gain on sale of subsidiary Return-to-provision adjustments ) ) Non-controlling interest ) Net benefit of foreign R D expenses Transaction related contingent liabilities ) Contingent liabilities - warranty Foreign withholding taxes Non-deductible exchange gain or loss ) Deferred tax adjustments Accrued tax adjustments ) ) Tax benefits of other comprehensive income ) Other ) Total ) ) ) 
 Annual Tax (Expense) Benefit 
 For the year ended September 30, 2021, tax expense was as compared to tax expense based on the U.S. statutory rate of . The actual tax expense was lower principally due to U.S. income not attracting U.S. tax due to the valuation allowance against U.S. deferred tax assets and the reversal of the valuation allowance with respect to the Company s German operating company. These tax benefits were mostly offset by an increase in foreign tax expense due to improved profitability in certain jurisdictions with tax rates higher than the U.S. and the impact of a one-time state tax adjustment for prior periods. 
 
 Tax expense increased 2,709 to for the year ended September 30, 2021 as compared to in the prior year. The increase in tax expense was primarily attributable to an increase in foreign tax expense due to improved profitability in certain countries and the impact of a one-time state tax adjustment for prior periods. The increase in expense was partially offset by a one-time tax benefit for the reversal of the valuation allowance with respect to the Company s German operating company. 
 For the year ended September 30, 2020, the Company provided tax expense of as compared to expense of in the fiscal year ended September 30, 2019. The decrease in expense was primarily the result of the favorable impact on 
 100 

Reserves and accruals Inventory valuation and other assets Investment in partnership Unrealized foreign exchange gains (losses), including related hedges Other deferred taxes Net operating loss carryforwards Gross deferred tax assets Less: Valuation allowance ) ) Deferred tax assets less valuation allowance Deferred Tax Liabilities Goodwill ) ) Fixed assets ) ) Intangibles ) ) Other deferred tax liabilities ) ) Gross deferred tax liabilities ) ) Net deferred tax liabilities ) ) 
 Accounting standards require that deferred tax assets be reduced by a valuation allowance if, based on all available evidence, it is considered more likely than not that some portion or all of the recorded deferred tax assets will not be realized in future periods. This assessment requires significant judgment, and in making this evaluation, the Company considers all available positive and negative evidence, including the potential to carryback net operating losses and credits, the future reversal of certain taxable temporary differences, actual and forecasted results, and tax planning strategies that are both prudent and feasible. A significant piece of objective evidence evaluated is the cumulative income or loss incurred over recent years including the three year period ended September 30, 2021. The U.S. group was in a three-year cumulative loss at September 30, 2019 but was no longer in a three-year cumulative loss position at September 30, 2020, primarily due to the sale of the Memcor business. The Company believes the favorable evidence of no longer being in a three-year cumulative loss is outweighed by the losses of the U.S. group and the significant global economic uncertainty due to the COVID-19 health crisis. Our German operations have demonstrated strong profitability in the most recent three years, are cumulatively profitable, and have fully utilized their net operating loss carryforwards. 
 After considering all available evidence, both positive and negative, management determined that a valuation allowance was necessary in certain jurisdictions. As of September 30, 2021, the Company reversed the German valuation allowance and continues to maintain a full valuation allowance against its deferred tax assets (excluding certain deferred tax liabilities including those related to indefinite lived intangibles) in the U.S. and the UK. A partial valuation allowance continues to be maintained in the Netherlands related to a net operating loss generated prior to the Magneto acquisition as well as certain foreign tax credits. 
 101 

Change in assessment ) ) Current year operations ) Foreign currency and other ) Acquisitions / Dispositions ) ) Valuation allowance end of period 
 The Company does not anticipate that it will dispose any of its foreign subsidiaries in the foreseeable future and as such has not recorded a U.S. deferred tax asset where the tax basis exceeds the financial reporting basis of these investments. Additionally, the Company has not provided a U.S. deferred tax liability on the excess of financial reporting over tax basis of its investments. 
 As of September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019, undistributed earnings of non-U.S. affiliates were approximately , , and , respectively, which are considered to be indefinitely reinvested. Upon distribution of these earnings the Company may be subject to U.S. income taxes and foreign withholding taxes. The amount of taxes that may be payable on remittance of these earnings is dependent on the tax laws and profile of the Company at that time and the availability of foreign tax credits in the year in which such earnings are remitted. Therefore, it is not practicable to estimate the amount of taxes that may be payable when these earnings are remitted in the future. 
 The Company utilizes the more-likely-than-not standard in recognizing a tax benefit in its financial statements. For the years ended September 30, 2021, 2020, and 2019, the Company had unrecognized tax benefits of , , and respectively. 
 Tax positions related to the current year Additions Tax positions related to prior years Additions Reductions ) Expiration of statutes of limitations Balance as of end of period 
 At September 30, 2021, 2020, and 2019, the Company had , , and classified as a current liability respectively. The amount of unrecognized tax benefits is not expected to change significantly during the next 12 months. At September 30, 2021, 2020, and 2019, if the Company s tax positions are sustained by the taxing authorities in favor of the Company, the amount that would affect the Company s effective tax rate would be approximately , , and respectively. 
 The Company classifies interest expense and, if applicable, penalties which could be assessed related to unrecognized tax benefits as component of income tax (expense) benefit. For the years ended September 30, 2021, 2020, and 2019 the Company recognized approximately ), ), and ) of gross interest and penalties, respectively. 
 102 

September 30, 2035 State net operating loss September 30, 2019 Foreign net operating loss September 30, 2023 Foreign net operating loss Indefinite 
 During the fourth quarter of the year ending September 30, 2020 the Company undertook a secondary offering. As a result of that offering, the Company experienced an ownership change for purposes of I.R.C. Section 382. There was no impact to current or deferred tax expense resulting from the ownership change for the years ending September 30, 2021 and 2020. 
 
 The Company may be subject to tax audits in the U.S. as well as various state and foreign jurisdictions. The following table summarizes the Company s open years by major jurisdiction as of September 30, 2021: 
 Jurisdiction 
 Open Tax Years 
 United States 2018-2021 Australia 2017-2021 Canada 2017-2021 China 2016-2021 Germany 2017-2021 Netherlands 2016-2021 Singapore 2017-2021 United Kingdom 2019-2021 
 
 18. 
 . As of September 30, 2021, there were approximately shares available for future grants, however, the Company does not currently intend to make additional grants under the Stock Option Plan. 
 In connection with the IPO, the Board adopted and the Company s shareholders approved the Evoqua Water Technologies Corp. 2017 Equity Incentive Plan (or the Equity Incentive Plan ), under which equity awards may be granted in the form of options, restricted stock, restricted stock units, stock appreciation rights, dividend equivalent rights, share awards and performance-based awards (including performance share units and performance-based restricted stock). Upon adoption of the Equity Incentive Plan, shares of common stock of the Company were reserved for issuance thereunder. On February 18, 2020, the Company s shareholders approved the amendment and restatement of the Equity Incentive Plan in order to increase the number of shares of common stock reserved for issuance thereunder by shares and incorporate other changes. 
 On May 18, 2021 (the Grant Date ), the Compensation Committee of the Board approved and the Company granted special one-time awards of restricted stock units Special RSUs and performance share units Special PSUs ), at a target award level, under the Equity Incentive Plan to certain executive officers of the Company. Subject to the applicable executive officer s continued employment with the Company and the terms and conditions of the Equity 
 103 

shares available for grants under the Equity Incentive Plan. 
 Option awards are granted at various times during the year, generally vest ratably at per year, and are exercisable at the time of vesting. The options granted have a ten-year contractual term. 
 
 years Granted Exercised ) Forfeited ) Cancelled ) Expired Outstanding at September 30, 2020 years Granted Exercised ) Forfeited ) Cancelled ) Expired Outstanding at September 30, 2021 years Options exercisable at September 30, 2021 years Options vested and expected to vest at September 30, 2021 years 
 The total intrinsic value of options exercised (which is the amount by which the stock price exceeded the exercise price of the options of the date of exercise) during the year ended September 30, 2021 was . During the year ended September 30, 2021, was received from the exercise of stock options. 
 104 

Granted Vested ) ) ) Forfeited ) ) ) Nonvested at end of period 
 The total fair value of options vested during the year was , , and for the years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. 
 Restricted Stock Units 
 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Outstanding at September 30, 2020 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Cancelled ) Outstanding at September 30, 2021 Expected to vest at September 30, 2021 
 The following is a summary of the Special PSU activity for the year ended September 30, 2021. 
 (In thousands, except per share amounts) Shares Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value/Share Granted Nonvested at end of period Expected to vest 
 Expense Measurement and Recognition 
 The Company recognizes share-based compensation for all current award grants and, in future periods, will recognize 
 105 

and during the year ended September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively, of which and was non-cash, respectively. Share-based compensation expense was during the year ended September 30, 2019. 
 General and administrative 
 The unrecognized compensation expense related to stock options, RSUs, and Special PSUs was , and 6,946, respectively at September 30, 2021, and is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of years, years, and years, respectively. 
 The Company estimates the fair value of each stock option award on the grant date using the Black-Scholes valuation model incorporating the assumptions noted in the following table. Option valuation models require the input of highly subjective assumptions, and changes in assumptions used can materially affect the fair value estimate. 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 Expected dividends Expected term (in years) - 
 - 
 - 
 Risk free rate - 
 - 
 - 
 Grant date fair value per share of options granted - 
 - 
 - 
 
 The risk free interest rate is based on the U.S. treasury security rate in effect as of the date of grant. Beginning in fiscal year 2021, the Company utilized historical realized volatility for expected volatility which is based on historical stock prices during a period of time. Prior to fiscal year 2021, the Company had little history with respect to volatility of share prices, and as such, the expected volatility was not based on realized volatility. The Company, as permitted under ASC 718, had identified guideline public companies who are participants in the Company s markets. The Company obtained share price trading data from the guideline companies and based their estimate of expected volatility on the implied volatility of the guideline companies in addition to the Company s own implied volatility. As the guideline companies were comparable in most significant respects, the Company believed they represent an appropriate basis for estimating expected volatility. 
 The Company estimated the fair value of PSUs on the grant date using a Monte Carlo Simulation incorporating the assumptions noted in the following table. 
 106 

Expected dividends Expected term (in years) Risk free rate Grant date fair value per share of PSUs granted 
 The risk free interest rate is based on the U.S. treasury security rate in effect as of the date of grant. The Company utilized historical realized volatility for expected volatility which is based on historical stock prices during a period of time. 
 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
 Effective October 1, 2018, the Company implemented an employee stock purchase plan ESPP which allows employees to purchase shares of the Company s stock at 85 of the lower of the fair market value on the first day of the applicable offering period or on the last business day of a six-month purchase period within the offering period. These purchases are offered twice throughout each fiscal year and were paid by employees through payroll deductions over the respective six month purchase period, at which point the stock was transferred to the employees. On December 21, 2018, the Company registered shares of common stock, par value per share, of which are available for future issuance under the ESPP. During the years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019, the Company incurred compensation expense of , and , respectively, primarily in salaries and wages in respect of the ESPP, representing the fair value of the discounted price of the shares. These amounts are included in the total share-based compensation expense above. During the years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019, shares, shares and shares, respectively, were issued under the ESPP plan. 
 107 

19. 
 ) Pension benefit plans, net of tax expense (benefit) of and ) 
 ) ) Unrealized derivative gain (loss) on cash flow hedges, net of tax expense of and 
 ) Total accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) 
 The (losses) gains in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) by component, net of tax, for the years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019 are as follows: 
 Foreign currency translation Pension plans Cash flow Hedges 
 Balance at September 30, 2018 ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications ) ) Amounts gains reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss into earnings Balance at September 30, 2019 ) ) Other comprehensive loss before reclassifications ) ) ) Amounts gains reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss into earnings Balance at September 30, 2020 ) ) ) Other comprehensive income before reclassifications Amounts gains reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) into earnings Balance at September 30, 2021 ) 
 Amounts reclassified out of other comprehensive income (loss) related to the amortization of actuarial losses are included in pension expense. Refer to Note 13, Derivative Financial Instruments for the location in the Consolidated Statements of Operations of amounts reclassified out of other comprehensive income (loss) related to cash flow hedges. 
 
 20. 
 countries worldwide and provides a wide range of proven product brands and advanced water and wastewater treatment technologies, mobile and emergency water supply solutions and service contract options through its Integrated Solutions and Services and Applied Product Technologies segments. The Company is a multi-national business, but its sales and operations are primarily in the U.S. External sales to unaffiliated customers are transacted with the Company location that maintains the customer relationship. 
 108 

Rest of World Total 
 Rest of World Long Lived Assets United States Rest of World 
 
 21. 
 Interest on lease liabilities Operating lease cost Short-term lease cost Variable lease cost Sublease income ) ) Total lease cost 
 Total lease cost for operating leases was for the year ended September 30, 2019. 
 109 

Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities Operating cash flows from finance leases Operating cash flows from operating leases Financing cash flows from finance leases ROU assets obtained in exchange for new finance lease liabilities ROU assets obtained in exchange for new operating lease liabilities ROU asset remeasurement ) Weighted average remaining lease term - finance leases years years Weighted average remaining lease term - operating leases years years Weighted average discount rate - finance leases Weighted average discount rate - operating leases 
 2023 2024 2025 2026 Thereafter Total undiscounted lease payments Present value adjustment ) Operating lease liabilities Less current installments of obligations under operating leases Obligations under operating leases, excluding current installments 
 
 Net carrying amount 
 110 

2023 2024 2025 2026 Thereafter Total undiscounted lease payments Present value adjustment ) Finance lease liabilities Less current installments of obligations under finance leases Obligations under finance leases, excluding current installments 
 The current installments of obligations under finance leases are included in Accrued expenses and other liabilities. Obligations under finance leases, excluding current installments, are included in Other non-current liabilities. 
 Lessor Accounting 
 Lease revenue: sales-type leases Total lease revenue 
 
 2023 2024 2025 2026 Thereafter Future minimum lease payments 
 At September 30, 2021, the Company had current and long-term lease receivables of and , respectively, recorded in Prepaid and other current assets and Other non current assets, respectively, in the Consolidated Balance Sheets related to sales-type leases. 
 
 111 

2023 2024 2025 2026 Thereafter Total 
 
 22. 
 to , or more in some circumstances. The letters of credit, bank guarantees, or surety bonds are arranged through major banks or insurance companies. In the case of surety bonds, the Company generally indemnifies the issuer for all costs incurred if a claim is made against the bond. 
 Letters of credit outstanding 
 Remaining revolving credit capacity 
 Surety capacity 
 Surety issuances 
 Remaining surety available 

The longest maturity date of letters of credit and surety bonds in effect as of September 30, 2021 was March 20, 2030. 
 Litigation 
 on. During the year ended September 30, 2021, the Company reached a proposed settlement of securities litigation 
 112 

for 16,650 all of which was covered and paid by insurance. See Part I, Item 3, Legal Proceedings, for additional information regarding legal proceedings in which the Company is engaged. 
 
 23. 
 Obligation under operating leases Obligation under finance leases Third party commissions Taxes, other than income Insurance liabilities Provisions for litigation Fair value of liability derivatives Severance payments Earn-outs related to acquisitions Other 
 
 24. 
 reportable operating segments, Integrated Solutions and Services and Applied Product Technologies. The business segments are described as follows: 
 Integrated Solutions and Services is a group entirely focused on engaging directly with end users through direct sales with a market vertical focus. Integrated Solutions and Services provides tailored services and solutions in collaboration with the customers backed by life cycle services including on demand water, outsourced water, recycle / reuse, and emergency response service alternatives to improve operational reliability, performance, and environmental compliance. Key offerings within this segment also include equipment systems for industrial needs (influent water, boiler feed water, ultrahigh purity, process water, wastewater treatment and recycle / reuse), full-scale outsourcing of operations and maintenance, and municipal services, including odor and corrosion control services. 
 Applied Product Technologies is focused on developing product platforms to be sold primarily through third party channels. This segment primarily engages in indirect sales through independent sales representatives, distributors, and aftermarket channels. Applied Product Technologies provides a range of highly differentiated and scalable products and technologies specified by global water treatment designers, OEMs, engineering firms, and integrators. Key offerings within this segment include filtration and separation, disinfection, wastewater solutions, anode and electrochlorination technology, and aquatics technologies and solutions for the global recreational and commercial pool market. 
 The Company evaluates its business segments operating results based on earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization, and certain other charges that are specific to the activities of the respective segments. Corporate activities include general corporate expenses, elimination of intersegment transactions, interest income and expense and certain other charges. Certain other charges include restructuring and other business transformation charges that have 
 113 

114 

Applied Product Technologies Total sales 
 Intersegment sales Integrated Solutions and Services Applied Product Technologies Total intersegment sales 
 Sales to external customers Integrated Solutions and Services Applied Product Technologies Total sales 
 Income from operations Integrated Solutions and Services Applied Product Technologies Corporate ) ) ) Total income from operations Interest expense 
 ) ) ) Income before income taxes Income tax expense ) ) ) Net income (loss) ) Depreciation and amortization Integrated Solutions and Services Applied Product Technologies Corporate 
 Total depreciation and amortization Capital expenditures Integrated Solutions and Services Applied Product Technologies Corporate 
 Total Capital expenditures 
 
 115 

Applied Product Technologies Corporate 
 Total assets 
 Goodwill Integrated Solutions and Services Applied Product Technologies Total goodwill 

25. 
 ) Denominator: Denominator for basic net income per common share weighted average shares 
 Effect of dilutive securities: Share based compensation 
 Denominator for diluted net loss per common share adjusted weighted average shares 
 Basic income (loss) per common share ) Diluted income (loss) per common share ) 
 Since the Company was in a net loss position for the year ended September 30, 2019, there was no difference between the number of shares used to calculate basic and diluted loss per share. Because of their anti-dilutive effect, and common share equivalents, comprised of employee stock options, have been excluded from the diluted EPS calculation for the years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 26. 
 
 116 

Evoqua Water Technologies Corp. 
 Supplementary Financial Information 

Due from affiliates Cash and cash equivalents Prepaid and other current assets Investment in affiliate Total assets LIABILITIES AND EQUITY Due to affiliates Total liabilities Common stock, par value : authorized shares; issued shares, outstanding at September 30, 2021; issued shares, outstanding at September 30, 2020 
 Treasury stock: shares at September 30, 2021 and shares at September 30, 2020 
 ) ) Additional paid in capital Retained deficit ) ) Total shareholders equity Total liabilities and shareholder s equity 
 
 117 

General and administrative expense ) ) ) Net income (loss) of subsidiaries ) Income (loss) before taxes ) Benefit for income taxes Net income (loss) ) 
 
 118 

) Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash used in operating activities Net (income) loss of subsidiaries ) ) Foreign currency exchange gains on intercompany loans ) Changes in assets and liabilities Due from affiliates ) Due to affiliates ) Accrued expenses Prepaids and other current assets ) ) ) Net cash (used in) provided by operating activities ) ) Investing activities Contributed capital Net cash used in investing activities Financing activities Proceeds from issuance of common stock Taxes paid related to net share settlements of share-based compensation awards ) ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities ) Change in cash and cash equivalents Cash and cash equivalents Beginning of period End of period 
 
 119 

(the 2021 Revolving Credit Facility and a discounted senior secured term (the 2021 Term Loan in the amount of (together with the 2021 Revolving Credit Facility, the Senior Facilities ). The Senior Facilities are guaranteed by EWT II and certain existing and future direct or indirect wholly-owned domestic subsidiaries of EWT III (together with EWT III, collectively, the Loan Parties ), and collateralized by a first lien on substantially all of the assets of the Loan Parties, with certain exceptions. In connection with entering into the 2021 Credit Agreement, on April 1, 2021, EWT III repaid all outstanding indebtedness under the 2014 Credit Agreement and terminated that facility. 
 As of September 30, 2021, EWT III had collectively of debt outstanding under the Senior Facilities. Under the terms of the credit agreements governing the Company s senior secured credit facilities, EWT II has guaranteed the payment of all principal and interest. In the event of a default under our senior secured credit facilities, certain of the Company s subsidiaries will be directly liable to the debt holders. The 2021 Term Loan matures on April 1, 2028. Subject to the terms of the 2021 Credit Agreement, to the extent not previously paid, any amount owed under the 2021 Revolving Credit Facility will become due and payable in full on April 1, 2026. The credit agreements governing the Company s senior secured credit facilities also include restrictions on the ability of the Company and its subsidiaries to (i) incur additional indebtedness and liens in connection therewith; (ii) pay dividends and make certain other restricted payments; (iii) effect mergers or consolidations; (iv) enter into transactions with affiliates; (v) sell or dispose of property or assets; and (vi) engage in unrelated lines of business. 
 3. Dividends from Subsidiaries 
 There were no cash dividends paid to Evoqua Water Technologies Corp. from the Company s consolidated subsidiaries of each of the periods ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019. 
 120 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 None. 
 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 In accordance with Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e), our management, under the supervision of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report. Based on that evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of September 30, 2021. 
 
 The Company completed its acquisition of WCSI on April 1, 2021 and has not yet included WCSI in its assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting. The Company is currently integrating WCSI into its operations, compliance programs and internal control processes. Accordingly, pursuant to the SEC s general guidance that an assessment of a recently acquired business may be omitted from the scope of an assessment in the year of acquisition, the scope of our assessment of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures does not include WCSI. WCSI constituted approximately 0.7 of the Company s total assets as of September 30, 2021, and approximately 0.3 of the Company s net sales for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2021. 
 
 Management s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting for the Company. Internal control over financial reporting is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) promulgated under the Exchange Act as a process designed by, or under the supervision of, the company s principal executive and principal financial officers and effected by the company s board of directors, management, and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and includes those policies and procedures that: 
 Pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; 
 Provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and 
 Provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 The Company completed its acquisition of WCSI on April 1, 2021 and has not yet included WCSI in its assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting. The Company is currently integrating WCSI into its operations, compliance programs and internal control processes. Accordingly, pursuant to the SEC s general guidance that an assessment of a recently acquired business may be omitted from the scope of an assessment in the year of acquisition, the scope of our assessment of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures does not include WCSI. WCSI constituted approximately 0.7 of the Company s total assets as of September 30, 2021, and approximately 0.3 of the Company s net sales for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2021. 
 
 121 

Management assessed the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2021. In making this assessment, management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (COSO) in Internal Control-Integrated Framework. Management has concluded that the Company s internal control over financial reporting was effective as of September 30, 2021. 
 
 Management has concluded that our consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report fairly represent, in all material respects, the financial position, results of operations and cash flows as of, and for, the periods presented in this Annual Report, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Ernst Young LLP, the registered public accounting firm that audited the financial statements included in this Annual Report, has issued an attestation report on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting and an unqualified opinion on our financial statements, which is included in Item 8 of this Annual Report. 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended September 30, 2021 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 None. 
 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 Not applicable. 
 122 

Part III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 The information required by this Item is set forth under the headings Our Board of Directors, Our Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance Standing Board Committees Purpose and Function of the Audit Committee in the Company s Proxy Statement, which will be filed with the SEC within 120 days after September 30, 2021 and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Evoqua has adopted a code of ethics applicable to all of our directors, officers (including our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, and principal accounting officer) and employees, known as the Code of Ethics and Business Conduct. The Code of Ethics and Business Conduct is available on our website at https://aqua.evoqua.com/governance/governance-documents/default.aspx. In the event that we amend or waive certain provisions of the Code of Ethics and Business Conduct applicable to our principal executive officer, principal financial officer or principal accounting officer that requires disclosure under applicable SEC rules, we will disclose the same on our website. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 
 The information required by this Item is set forth under the headings Director Compensation, Executive Compensation and Corporate Governance Standing Board Committees Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation in the Company s Proxy Statement, which will be filed with the SEC within 120 days after September 30, 2021 and is incorporated herein by reference. The information incorporated herein by reference to the section Report of the Compensation Committee of the Board under the heading Executive Compensation is deemed furnished hereunder. 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 The information required by this Item is set forth under the headings Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans in the Company s Proxy Statement, which will be filed with the SEC within 120 days after September 30, 2021 and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 
 The information required by this Item is set forth under the headings Board Composition and Board Development-Director Independence and Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions in the Company s Proxy Statement, which will be filed with the SEC within 120 days after September 30, 2021 and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 
 The information required by this Item is set forth under the headings Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm s Fees and Services in the Company s Proxy Statement, which will be filed with the SEC within 120 days after September 30, 2021 and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 123 

Part IV 

Item 15. Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules 
 (a) 1. Financial Statements: 
 The following items are included in Part II, Item 8: 
 Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 60 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2021 and 2020 64 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019 65 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the Years Ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019 
 66 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity for the Years Ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019 
 67 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Cash Flow for the Years Ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019 
 68 
 Supplemental Disclosure of Cash Flow Information for the Years Ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019 
 69 
 Notes to Audited Consolidated Financial Statements 
 70 
 Schedule I Parent Company Financial Information 
 117 
 Management s Report to Shareholders 
 121 
 
 2. Schedules. 
 An index of exhibits and schedules is included below. Schedules other than those listed below have been omitted from this Annual Report because they are not required, are not applicable or the required information is included in the financial statements or the notes thereto in Part II, Item 8. 
 3. Exhibits: 
 The following exhibits are filed or furnished as a part of this report: 
 
 Exhibit No. Exhibit Description 2.1 
 Purchase and Sale Agreement by and among Evoqua Water Technologies LLC, WTG Holdings Cooperatief U.A., Evoqua Water Technologies Limited, Evoqua Water Technologies Pte. Ltd., Evoqua Water Technologies Ltd., Evoqua Water Technologies (Shanghai) Co. Ltd., WTG Holdco Australia (Memcor) Pty. Ltd., Evoqua Water Technologies Membrane Systems Pty. Ltd. and DuPont de Nemours, Inc., dated October 1, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Registrant s Form 8-K filed on October 3, 2019 (File No. 001-38272)). 
 2.2 
 Amendment to Purchase and Sale Agreement, by and among Evoqua Water Technologies LLC, WTG Holdings Cooperatief U.A., Evoqua Water Technologies Limited, Evoqua Water Technologies Pte. Ltd., Evoqua Water Technologies Ltd., Evoqua Water Technologies (Shanghai) Co. Ltd., WTG Holdco Australia (Memcor) Pty. Ltd., Evoqua Water Technologies Membrane Systems Pty. Ltd. and DuPont de Nemours, Inc., dated December 18, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Registrant s Form 8-K filed on December 20, 2019 (File No. 001-38272)). 
 3.1 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Evoqua Water Technologies Corp. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Amendment No. 2 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on October 17, 2017 (File No. 333-220785)). 
 
 124 

3.2 
 Third Amended and Restated Bylaws of Evoqua Water Technologies Corp. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to Amendment No. 2 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on October 17, 2017 (File No. 333-220785)). 
 4.1 
 Specimen Common Stock Certificate of Evoqua Water Technologies Corp. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Amendment No. 2 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on October 17, 2017 (File No. 333-220785)). 
 4.2 
 Description of Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2020 (File No. 001-38272)) . 
 10.1 
 Credit Agreement among EWT Holdings III Corp., as the borrower, EWT Holdings II Corp., as parent guarantor, the lenders from time to time party thereto, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent and collateral agent, and ING Capital, LLC, as sustainability coordinator, dated April 1, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Form 8-K filed on April 1, 2021 (File No. 001-38272)). 
 10.2 
 Receivables Financing Agreement among Evoqua Finance LLC, as the borrower, the lenders from time to time party thereto, PNC Bank, National Association, as administrative agent, Evoqua Water Technologies LLC, as initial servicer, and PNC Capital Markets LLC, as structuring agent, dated April 1, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Form 8-K filed on April 1, 2021 (File No. 001-38272)). 
 10.3 
 First Amendment to the Receivables Financing Agreement among Evoqua Finance LLC, as borrower, Evoqua Water Technologies LLC, as initial servicer, and PNC Bank, National Association, as lender and administrative agent. 
 10.4 
 Second Amendment to the Receivables Financing Agreement among Evoqua Finance LLC, as borrower, Evoqua Water Technologies LLC, as initial servicer, and PNC Bank, National Association, as lender and administrative agent. 
 10.5 
 Third Amendment to the Receivables Financing Agreement among Evoqua Finance LLC, as borrower, Evoqua Water Technologies LLC, as initial servicer, and PNC Bank, National Association, as lender and administrative agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Form 8-K filed on August 11, 2021 (File No. 001-38272)). 
 10.6 
 Sale and Contribution Agreement among Evoqua Finance LLC, as the purchaser, Evoqua Water Technologies LLC, as initial servicer and as an originator, and Neptune Benson, Inc., as an originator, dated April 1, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant s Form 8-K filed on April 1, 2021 (File No. 001-38272)). 
 10.7 
 First Amendment to the Sale and Contribution Agreement among Evoqua Finance LLC, as buyer, Evoqua Water Technologies LLC, as initial servicer and an originator, and Neptune Benson, Inc., as an originator (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Form 8-K filed on August 11, 2021 (File No. 001-38272)). 
 10.8 
 Second Amended and Restated Stockholders Agreement, among EWT Holdings I Corp., AEA Investors Fund V LP, AEA Investors Fund V-A LP, AEA Investors Fund V-B LP, AEA Investors Participant Fund V LP, AEA Investors QP Participant Fund V LP and the additional investors party thereto, dated December 11, 2014 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to Amendment No. 2 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on October 17, 2017 (File No. 333-220785)). 
 10.9 
 Second Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement, among Evoqua Water Technologies Corp., AEA Investors Fund V LP, AEA Investors Fund V-A LP, AEA Investors Fund V-B LP, AEA Investors Participant Fund V LP, AEA Investors QP Participant Fund V LP and the additional investors party thereto, dated October 16, 2017 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to Amendment No. 2 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on October 17, 2017 (File No. 333-220785)). 
 10. 10 
 Amendment No. 1 to the Second Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement, among Evoqua Water Technologies Corp., AEA Investors Fund V LP, AEA Investors Fund V-A LP, AEA Investors Fund V-B LP, AEA Investors Participant Fund V LP, AEA Investors QP Participant Fund V LP and the additional investors party thereto, dated November 22, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to the Registrant s Form 10-K filed on November 25, 2019 (File No. 001-38272)). 
 10.11 
 Amended Restated Employment Agreement, by and between Ronald Keating and the Company, dated November 25, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 to the Registrant s Form 10-K filed on November 25, 2019 (File No. 001-38272)). 
 10.12 
 Amended Restated Employment Agreement, by and between Benedict J. Stas and the Company, dated November 25, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.17 to the Registrant s Form 10-K filed on November 25, 2019 (File No. 001-38272)). 
 10.13 
 Employment Agreement, by and between Rodney Aulick and the Company, dated April 14, 2014 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.15 to Amendment No. 2 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on October 17, 2017 (File No. 333-220785)). 
 10.14 
 Amendment, dated September 6, 2017, to Employment Agreement, by and between Rodney Aulick and the Company, dated April 14, 2014 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.16 to Amendment No. 2 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on October 17, 2017 (File No. 333-220785)). 
 
 125 

10.15 
 EWT Holdings I Corp. Stock Option Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.17 to Amendment No. 2 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on October 17, 2017 (File No. 333-220785)). 
 10.16 
 Employment Agreement, by and between Anthony Webster and the Company, dated January 20, 2016 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.22 to Amendment No. 2 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on October 17, 2017 (File No. 333-220785)). 
 10.17 
 Amended and Restated Amendment, dated October 13, 2017, to Employment Agreement, by and between Anthony Webster and the Company, dated January 20, 2016 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.23 to Amendment No. 2 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on October 17, 2017 (File No. 333-220785)). 
 10.18 
 Employment Agreement, by and between Vincent Grieco and the Company, dated September 6, 2017 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.27 to Amendment No. 2 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on October 17, 2017 (File No. 333-220785)). 
 10.19 
 Employment Agreement, by and between James M. Kohosek and the Company, dated September 6, 2017 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.28 to Amendment No. 2 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on October 17, 2017 (File No. 333-220785)). 
 10. 20 
 Form of Nonqualified Stock Option Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.29 to Amendment No. 2 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on October 17, 2017 (File No. 333-220785)). 
 10.21 
 Form of 2017 Annual Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.31 to Amendment No. 2 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on October 17, 2017 (File No. 333-220785)). 
 10.22 
 Employment Agreement, by and between Snehal Desai and the Company, dated January 15, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.33 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on March 12, 2018 (File No. 333-223583)). 
 10.23 
 Employment Agreement, by and between Herv Fages and the Company, dated January 31, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.31 to the Registrant s Form 10-K filed on November 25, 2019 (File No. 001-38272)). 
 10.24 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.33 to Amendment No. 2 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on October 17, 2017 (File No. 333-220785)). 
 10.25 
 Form of Nonqualified Stock Option Agreement under the Evoqua Water Technologies Corp. 2017 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Form 8-K filed on April 4, 2018 (File No. 001-38272)). 
 10.26 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement under the Evoqua Water Technologies Corp. 2017 Equity Incentive Plan (Employee Form) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Form 8-K filed on April 4, 2018 (File No. 001-38272)). 
 10.27 
 Form of Amendment to Employment Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Form 8-K filed on June 22, 2018 (File No. 001-38272)). 
 10.28 
 Evoqua Water Technologies Corp. Amended and Restated Non-Employee Director Compensation Policy (adopted August 16, 2021). 
 10.29 
 Form of Nonqualified Stock Option Award Agreement under Evoqua Water Technologies Corp. 2017 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Form 10-Q filed on May 10, 2019 (File No. 001-38272)). 
 10. 30 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under the Evoqua Water Technologies Corp. 2017 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Form 10-Q filed on May 10, 2019 (File No. 001-38272)). 
 10.31 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under the Evoqua Water Technologies Corp. 2017 Equity Incentive Plan (RSUs Received in Connection with AIP Payment) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Form 10-Q filed on August 6, 2019 (File No. 001-38272)). 
 10.32 
 Amended and Restated Evoqua Water Technologies Corp. 2017 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Form 10-Q filed on May 6, 2020 (File No. 001-38272)). 
 10.33 
 Form of Non-Employee Director Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under the Evoqua Water Technologies Corp. 2017 Equity Incentive Plan. 
 10.34 
 Form of Special Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Form 8-K filed on May 19, 2021 (File No. 001-38272)). 
 10.35 
 Form of Special Performance Share Unit Award Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Form 8-K filed on May 19, 2021 (File No. 001-38272)). 
 21.1 
 List of subsidiaries of Evoqua Water Technologies Corp. 
 
 126 

23.1 
 Consent of Ernst Young. 
 31.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 31.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 32.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 10.1) 
 Indicates a management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 
 Filed herewith. 
 Furnished herewith. 
 127 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 None. 

SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 EVOQUA WATER TECHNOLOGIES CORP. November 17, 2021 /s/ RONALD C. KEATING By: Ronald C. Keating Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 128 

Signature Title Date /s/ Ronald C. Keating Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer) November 17, 2021 Ronald C. Keating /s/ Benedict J. Stas Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) November 17, 2021 Benedict J. Stas /s/ Gary A. Cappeline Chairman of the Board and Director November 17, 2021 Gary A. Cappeline /s/ Nick Bhambri Director November 17, 2021 Nick Bhambri /s/ Sherrese Clarke Soares Director November 17, 2021 Sherrese Clarke Soares /s/ Lisa Glatch Director November 17, 2021 Lisa Glatch /s/ Judd A. Gregg Director November 17, 2021 Judd A. Gregg /s/ Brian R. Hoesterey Director November 17, 2021 Brian R. Hoesterey /s/ Martin J. Lamb Director November 17, 2021 Martin J. Lamb /s/ Lynn C. Swann Director November 17, 2021 Lynn C. Swann /s/ Peter M. Wilver Director November 17, 2021 Peter M. Wilver 

129 

<EX-10.3>
 2
 fy21q4ex103firstamendmentt.htm
 EX-10.3

Document 
 Exhibit 10.3 

FIRST AMENDMENT TO THE 
 RECEIVABLES FINANCING AGREEMENT 
 
 This FIRST AMENDMENT TO THE RECEIVABLES FINANCING AGREEMENT (this Amendment ), dated as of April 15, 2021, is entered into by and among the following parties 
 (i) EVOQUA FINANCE LLC, as Borrower (the Borrower 
 (ii) EVOQUA WATER TECHNOLOGIES LLC, as initial Servicer (the Servicer and 
 (iii) PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION PNC ), as Lender and Administrative Agent (in such capacity, the Administrative Agent ). 
 Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein (including such terms used above) have the respective meanings assigned thereto in the Receivables Financing Agreement described below. 
 BACKGROUND 
 A. The parties hereto and PNC Capital Markets LLC, as Structuring Agent, have entered into a Receivables Financing Agreement, dated as of April 1, 2021 (as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified through the date hereof, the Receivables Financing Agreement ). 
 B. The parties hereto desire to amend the Receivables Financing Agreement as set forth herein. 
 NOW, THEREFORE, with the intention of being legally bound hereby, and in consideration of the mutual undertakings expressed herein, each party to this Amendment hereby agrees as follows 
 SECTION 1. Amendments to the Receivables Financing Agreement . The Receivables Financing Agreement is hereby amended by replacing the date April 15, 2021 where it appears in Sections 6.01 , 7.01(ee) , 7.02(t) and 8.03 with the date April 30, 2021 (or such later date as agreed to in writing by PNC). 
 SECTION 2. Representations and Warranties of the Borrower and Servicer . The Borrower and the Servicer hereby represent and warrant to each of the parties hereto as of the date hereof as follows 
 (a) Representations and Warranties . The representations and warranties made by it in the Receivables Financing Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents to which it is a party are true and correct as of the date hereof. 
 (b) Enforceability . The execution and delivery by it of this Amendment, and the performance of its obligations under this Amendment, the Receivables Financing Agreement (as amended hereby) and the other Transaction Documents to which it is a 
 
 741012066 21671390 

party are within its organizational powers and have been duly authorized by all necessary action on its part, and this Amendment, the Receivables Financing Agreement (as amended hereby) and the other Transaction Documents to which it is a party are its valid and legally binding obligations, enforceable in accordance with its terms. 
 (c) No Event of Default . No Event of Default or Unmatured Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, or would occur as a result of this Amendment or the transactions contemplated hereby. 
 SECTION 3. Effect of Amendment Ratification . All provisions of the Receivables Financing Agreement and the other Transaction Documents, as expressly amended and modified by this Amendment, shall remain in full force and effect. After this Amendment becomes effective, all references in the Receivables Financing Agreement (or in any other Transaction Document) to this Receivables Financing Agreement , this Agreement , hereof , herein or words of similar effect referring to the Receivables Financing Agreement shall be deemed to be references to the Receivables Financing Agreement as amended by this Amendment. This Amendment shall not be deemed, either expressly or impliedly, to waive, amend or supplement any provision of the Receivables Financing Agreement other than as set forth herein. The Receivables Financing Agreement, as amended by this Amendment, is hereby ratified and confirmed in all respects. 
 SECTION 4. Effectiveness . This Amendment shall become effective as of the date hereof upon the Administrative Agent s receipt of counterparts hereto executed by each of the parties hereto. 
 SECTION 5. Severability . Any provisions of this Amendment which are prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or unenforceability without invalidating the remaining provisions hereof, and any such prohibition or unenforceability in any jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction. 
 SECTION 6. Transaction Document . This Amendment shall be a Transaction Document for purposes of the Receivables Financing Agreement. 
 SECTION 7. Counterparts . This Amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which when so executed shall be deemed to be an original and all of which when taken together shall constitute one and the same agreement. Delivery of an executed counterpart hereof by facsimile or other electronic means shall be equally effective as delivery of an originally executed counterpart. 
 SECTION 8. GOVERNING LAW JURISDICTION WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL . 
 (a) THIS AMENDMENT, INCLUDING THE RIGHTS AND DUTIES OF THE PARTIES HERETO, SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK (INCLUDING SECTIONS 5-1401 AND 5-1402 OF THE GENERAL OBLIGATIONS LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK, BUT WITHOUT REGARD TO ANY OTHER CONFLICTS OF LAW PROVISIONS THEREOF). 
 2 
 
 741012066 21671390 

(b) EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY SUBMITS TO (I) WITH RESPECT TO THE BORROWER AND THE SERVICER, THE EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION, AND (II) WITH RESPECT TO EACH OF THE OTHER PARTIES HERETO, THE NON-EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION, IN EACH CASE, OF ANY NEW YORK STATE OR FEDERAL COURT SITTING IN NEW YORK CITY, NEW YORK IN ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AMENDMENT, AND EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY AGREES THAT ALL CLAIMS IN RESPECT OF SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING (I) IF BROUGHT BY THE BORROWER, THE SERVICER OR ANY AFFILIATE THEREOF, SHALL BE HEARD AND DETERMINED, AND (II) IF BROUGHT BY ANY OTHER PARTY TO THIS AMENDMENT, MAY BE HEARD AND DETERMINED, IN EACH CASE, IN SUCH NEW YORK STATE COURT OR, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, IN SUCH FEDERAL COURT. NOTHING IN THIS SECTION 9 SHALL AFFECT THE RIGHT OF THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT OR ANY OTHER CREDIT PARTY TO BRING ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING AGAINST THE BORROWER OR THE SERVICER OR ANY OF THEIR RESPECTIVE PROPERTY IN THE COURTS OF OTHER JURISDICTIONS. EACH OF THE BORROWER AND THE SERVICER HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT IT MAY EFFECTIVELY DO SO, THE DEFENSE OF AN INCONVENIENT FORUM TO THE MAINTENANCE OF SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING. THE PARTIES HERETO AGREE THAT A FINAL JUDGMENT IN ANY SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING SHALL BE CONCLUSIVE AND MAY BE ENFORCED IN OTHER JURISDICTIONS BY SUIT ON THE JUDGMENT OR IN ANY OTHER MANNER PROVIDED BY LAW. 
 (c) EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY WAIVES, TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY JUDICIAL PROCEEDING INVOLVING, DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, ANY MATTER (WHETHER SOUNDING IN TORT, CONTRACT OR OTHERWISE) IN ANY WAY ARISING OUT OF, RELATED TO, OR CONNECTED WITH THIS AMENDMENT. 
 SECTION 9. Section Headings . The various headings of this Amendment are included for convenience only and shall not affect the meaning or interpretation of this Amendment, the Receivables Financing Agreement or any provision hereof or thereof. 
 Signature pages follow 
 3 
 
 741012066 21671390 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Amendment by their duly authorized officers as of the date above written. 
 
 EVOQUA FINCANCE LLC, 
 as Borrower By s Ariel Kuperminc Name Ariel Kuperminc Title Assistant Treasurer 
 EVOQUA WATER TECHNOLOGIES LLC, 
 as the Servicer By s Ariel Kuperminc Name Ariel Kuperminc Title Assistant Treasurer 

PNC Evoqua First Amendment to the 
 Receivables Financing Agreement 
 S-1 
 741012066 21671390 

PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Administrative Agent and as Lender By s Imad Naja Name Imad Naja Title Senior Vice President 

PNC Evoqua First Amendment to the 
 Receivables Financing Agreement 
 S-2 
 741012066 21671390 

</EX-10.3>

<EX-10.4>
 3
 fy21q4ex104secondamendment.htm
 EX-10.4

Document 
 Exhibit 10.4 

SECOND AMENDMENT TO THE 
 RECEIVABLES FINANCING AGREEMENT 
 
 This SECOND AMENDMENT TO THE RECEIVABLES FINANCING AGREEMENT (this Amendment ), dated as of July 30, 2021, is entered into by and among the following parties 
 (i) EVOQUA FINANCE LLC, as Borrower (the Borrower 
 (ii) EVOQUA WATER TECHNOLOGIES LLC, as initial Servicer (the Servicer and 
 (iii) PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION PNC ), as Lender and Administrative Agent (in such capacity, the Administrative Agent ). 
 Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein (including such terms used above) have the respective meanings assigned thereto in the Receivables Financing Agreement described below. 
 BACKGROUND 
 A. The parties hereto and PNC Capital Markets LLC, as Structuring Agent, have entered into a Receivables Financing Agreement, dated as of April 1, 2021 (as amended by the First Amendment to the Receivables Financing Agreement, dated as of April 15, 2021, and as further amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified through the date hereof, the Receivables Financing Agreement ). 
 B. The parties hereto desire to amend the Receivables Financing Agreement as set forth herein. 
 NOW, THEREFORE, with the intention of being legally bound hereby, and in consideration of the mutual undertakings expressed herein, each party to this Amendment hereby agrees as follows 
 SECTION 1. Amendments to the Receivables Financing Agreement . The Receivables Financing Agreement is hereby amended by replacing the date July 30, 2021 where it appears in Sections 1.01 , 7.01(cc) and 7.02(r) with the date August 6, 2021. 
 SECTION 2. Representations and Warranties of the Borrower and Servicer . The Borrower and the Servicer hereby represent and warrant to each of the parties hereto as of the date hereof as follows 
 (a) Representations and Warranties . The representations and warranties made by it in the Receivables Financing Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents to which it is a party are true and correct as of the date hereof. 
 (b) Enforceability . The execution and delivery by it of this Amendment, and the performance of its obligations under this Amendment, the Receivables Financing Agreement (as amended hereby) and the other Transaction Documents to which it is a 
 
 742825036 21671390 

party are within its organizational powers and have been duly authorized by all necessary action on its part, and this Amendment, the Receivables Financing Agreement (as amended hereby) and the other Transaction Documents to which it is a party are its valid and legally binding obligations, enforceable in accordance with its terms. 
 (c) No Event of Default . No Event of Default or Unmatured Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, or would occur as a result of this Amendment or the transactions contemplated hereby. 
 SECTION 3. Effect of Amendment Ratification . All provisions of the Receivables Financing Agreement and the other Transaction Documents, as expressly amended and modified by this Amendment, shall remain in full force and effect. After this Amendment becomes effective, all references in the Receivables Financing Agreement (or in any other Transaction Document) to this Receivables Financing Agreement , this Agreement , hereof , herein or words of similar effect referring to the Receivables Financing Agreement shall be deemed to be references to the Receivables Financing Agreement as amended by this Amendment. This Amendment shall not be deemed, either expressly or impliedly, to waive, amend or supplement any provision of the Receivables Financing Agreement other than as set forth herein. The Receivables Financing Agreement, as amended by this Amendment, is hereby ratified and confirmed in all respects. 
 SECTION 4. Effectiveness . This Amendment shall become effective as of the date hereof upon the Administrative Agent s receipt of counterparts hereto executed by each of the parties hereto. 
 SECTION 5. Severability . Any provisions of this Amendment which are prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or unenforceability without invalidating the remaining provisions hereof, and any such prohibition or unenforceability in any jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction. 
 SECTION 6. Transaction Document . This Amendment shall be a Transaction Document for purposes of the Receivables Financing Agreement. 
 SECTION 7. Counterparts . This Amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which when so executed shall be deemed to be an original and all of which when taken together shall constitute one and the same agreement. Delivery of an executed counterpart hereof by facsimile or other electronic means shall be equally effective as delivery of an originally executed counterpart. 
 SECTION 8. GOVERNING LAW JURISDICTION WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL . 
 (a) THIS AMENDMENT, INCLUDING THE RIGHTS AND DUTIES OF THE PARTIES HERETO, SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK (INCLUDING SECTIONS 5-1401 AND 5-1402 OF THE GENERAL OBLIGATIONS LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK, BUT WITHOUT REGARD TO ANY OTHER CONFLICTS OF LAW PROVISIONS THEREOF). 
 2 
 
 742825036 21671390 

(b) EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY SUBMITS TO (I) WITH RESPECT TO THE BORROWER AND THE SERVICER, THE EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION, AND (II) WITH RESPECT TO EACH OF THE OTHER PARTIES HERETO, THE NON-EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION, IN EACH CASE, OF ANY NEW YORK STATE OR FEDERAL COURT SITTING IN NEW YORK CITY, NEW YORK IN ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AMENDMENT, AND EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY AGREES THAT ALL CLAIMS IN RESPECT OF SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING (I) IF BROUGHT BY THE BORROWER, THE SERVICER OR ANY AFFILIATE THEREOF, SHALL BE HEARD AND DETERMINED, AND (II) IF BROUGHT BY ANY OTHER PARTY TO THIS AMENDMENT, MAY BE HEARD AND DETERMINED, IN EACH CASE, IN SUCH NEW YORK STATE COURT OR, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, IN SUCH FEDERAL COURT. NOTHING IN THIS SECTION 9 SHALL AFFECT THE RIGHT OF THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT OR ANY OTHER CREDIT PARTY TO BRING ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING AGAINST THE BORROWER OR THE SERVICER OR ANY OF THEIR RESPECTIVE PROPERTY IN THE COURTS OF OTHER JURISDICTIONS. EACH OF THE BORROWER AND THE SERVICER HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT IT MAY EFFECTIVELY DO SO, THE DEFENSE OF AN INCONVENIENT FORUM TO THE MAINTENANCE OF SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING. THE PARTIES HERETO AGREE THAT A FINAL JUDGMENT IN ANY SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING SHALL BE CONCLUSIVE AND MAY BE ENFORCED IN OTHER JURISDICTIONS BY SUIT ON THE JUDGMENT OR IN ANY OTHER MANNER PROVIDED BY LAW. 
 (c) EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY WAIVES, TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY JUDICIAL PROCEEDING INVOLVING, DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, ANY MATTER (WHETHER SOUNDING IN TORT, CONTRACT OR OTHERWISE) IN ANY WAY ARISING OUT OF, RELATED TO, OR CONNECTED WITH THIS AMENDMENT. 
 SECTION 9. Section Headings . The various headings of this Amendment are included for convenience only and shall not affect the meaning or interpretation of this Amendment, the Receivables Financing Agreement or any provision hereof or thereof. 
 Signature pages follow 
 3 
 
 742825036 21671390 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Amendment by their duly authorized officers as of the date above written. 
 
 EVOQUA FINANCE LLC, 
 as Borrower By s Ariel Kuperminc Name Ariel Kuperminc Title Assistant Treasurer 
 EVOQUA WATER TECHNOLOGIES LLC, 
 as the Servicer By s Ariel Kuperminc Name Ariel Kuperminc Title Assistant Treasurer 

PNC Evoqua Second Amendment to the 
 Receivables Financing Agreement 
 S-1 
 742825036 21671390 

PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Administrative Agent and as Lender By s Imad Naja Name Imad Naja Title Senior Vice President 

PNC Evoqua Second Amendment to the 
 Receivables Financing Agreement 
 S-2 
 742825036 21671390 

</EX-10.4>

<EX-10.28>
 4
 q4fy21ex1028amendedandrest.htm
 EX-10.28

Document 
 Exhibit 10.28 

EVOQUA WATER TECHNOLOGIES CORP. 
 AMENDED AND RESTATED NON-EMPLOYEE DIRECTOR COMPENSATION POLICY 
 
 Adopted August 16, 2021 (the Effective Date 
 Each member of the Board of Directors (the Board of Evoqua Water Technologies Corp. (the Company who is a member as of the Effective Date or thereafter and who is not also serving as an employee of the Company or any of its subsidiaries (each such member, an Eligible Director will receive the compensation described in this Non-Employee Director Compensation Policy (the Director Compensation Policy for his or her Board service. Capitalized terms not defined herein shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in the Evoqua Water Technologies Corp. 2017 Equity Incentive Plan (as amended and restated, the Equity Incentive Plan ). 
 The Director Compensation Policy may be amended at any time in the sole discretion of the Board or the Compensation Committee of the Board. 
 Annual Cash Compensation 
 Effective as of Effective Date, the annual cash compensation amount set forth below is payable in equal quarterly installments, payable in arrears in the week following the last day of each fiscal quarter in which the service occurred. If an Eligible Director joins the Board or a committee of the Board Committee at a time other than effective as of the first day of a fiscal quarter, each annual retainer set forth below will be pro-rated based on days served in the applicable fiscal year, with the pro-rated amount paid for the first fiscal quarter in which the Eligible Director provides the service, and regular full quarterly payments thereafter. 
 The annual cash retainer fees are not subject to any additional vesting conditions. 
 1. Annual Board Service Retainer 
 a. Independent Directors 85,000 
 2. Annual Committee Chair Service Retainer 
 a. Chairperson of the Board 60,000 
 b. Chairperson of the Audit Committee 20,000 
 c. Chairperson of the Compensation Committee 15,000 
 d. Chairperson of the Nominating & Corporate Governance Committee 15,000 
 
 3. Deferred Compensation Plan Eligible Directors will be able to participate in a Deferred Compensation Plan which would provide such directors with an opportunity to defer up to 100 of their cash retainer and or 100 of their equity retainer until the earliest of separation from the Board, death, a specified future date or a change in control of the Company. 

Equity Compensation 
 The equity compensation set forth below will be granted under the Equity Incentive Plan, and will be documented pursuant to the applicable form of equity award agreement most recently approved for use by the Board (or a duly authorized committee thereof) for Eligible Directors. 
 On the date of each annual stockholder meeting of the Company, subject to an Eligible Director s continued service on the Board following such annual stockholder meeting and approval by the Compensation Committee of the Board, each Eligible Director will be granted an equity award comprised of Restricted Stock Units valued at 125,000 (the Annual Equity Grant ). The Annual Equity Grant will be subject to one-year vesting, such that 100 of the Restricted Stock Units will vest on the first anniversary of the date of grant. If an Eligible Director joins the Board at a time other than effective as of 
 1 
 14800402.5 

Exhibit 10.28 
 
 EXECUTION VERSION 

 the first day of the calendar year, the Annual Equity Grant will be pro-rated based on the number of full calendar quarters served in the calendar year in which the Eligible Director commences service on the Board. 
 The Award Agreement evidencing the grant of the Annual Equity Grant shall set forth the terms and conditions applicable to such Award upon Termination, which shall be as the Board may, in its discretion, determine at the time the Award is granted or at any time thereafter. For the avoidance of doubt, upon Termination due to death, Disability and Mandatory Retirement, the Annual Equity Grant, to the extent not already vested, will fully vest as of the date of Termination. 
 Mandatory Retirement 
 For purposes of this Director Compensation Policy and any equity awards made to Eligible Directors hereunder, Mandatory Retirement shall mean a compulsory Termination to be effective as of the day prior to the date of the next occurring annual meeting of the stockholders of the Company following the date on which an Eligible Director has attained seventy-five years of age. 
 Expenses 
 The Company will reimburse Eligible Directors for ordinary, necessary and reasonable out-of-pocket travel expenses (which includes but is not limited to first-class travel, meals and ground transportation) to cover in-person attendance at and participation in Board and or Committee meetings provided , that Eligible Directors timely submit to the Company appropriate documentation substantiating such expenses in accordance with the Company s travel and expense policy, as in effect from time to time. 
 Stock Ownership Guidelines 
 All Eligible Directors are subject to the Company s Stock Ownership Guidelines as amended from time to time. 
 
 2 
 14800402.5 

</EX-10.28>

<EX-10.33>
 5
 q4fy21ex1033formofnon-empl.htm
 EX-10.33

Document 
 Exhibit 10.33 

EVOQUA WATER TECHNOLOGIES CORP. 
 2017 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN 
 RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT - NOTICE OF GRANT 
 
 Evoqua Water Technologies Corp. (the Company ), a Delaware corporation, hereby grants to the Grantee set forth below (the Grantee Restricted Stock Units (the Restricted Stock Units ), pursuant to the terms and conditions of this Notice of Grant (the Notice ), the Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement attached hereto as Exhibit A (the Award Agreement ), and the Evoqua Water Technologies Corp. 2017 Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan ). Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meaning attributed to such terms in the Award Agreement or, if not defined therein, in the Plan, unless the context requires otherwise. Each Restricted Stock Unit represents the right to receive one (1) Share at the time and in the manner set forth in Section 4 of the Award Agreement. 
 
 Date of Grant February 16, 2021 
 
 Name of Grantee 
 
 Number of Restricted Stock Units Shares 
 
 Vesting The Restricted Stock Units shall vest pursuant to the terms and conditions set forth in Section 3 and Section 5 of the Award Agreement. 
 Vesting 
 Start Date February 16, 2021 
 
 The Restricted Stock Units shall be subject to the execution and return of this Notice by the Grantee to the Company within 60 days of the date hereof (including by utilizing an electronic signature and or web-based approval and notice process or any other process as may be authorized by the Company). 
 
 This Notice may be executed by facsimile or electronic means (including, without limitation, PDF) and in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be considered an original instrument, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same agreement, and shall become binding when one or more counterparts have been signed by each of the parties hereto and delivered to the other party hereto. 
 
 Signature Page Follows 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Notice of Grant as of the Date of Grant set forth above. 
 
 EVOQUA WATER TECHNOLOGIES CORP. 

By 
 Name 
 Title 

GRANTEE 

Name 
 Signature Page to Notice of Restricted Stock Unit Grant for the Evoqua Water Technologies Corp. 2017 Equity Incentive Plan 

Exhibit A 
 
 EVOQUA WATER TECHNOLOGIES CORP. 
 2017 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN 
 RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT 
 AWARD AGREEMENT 
 
 THIS RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AWARD AGREEMENT (the Award Agreement is entered into by and among Evoqua Water Technologies Corp. (the Company and the individual set forth on the signature page to that certain Notice of Grant (the Notice to which this Award Agreement is attached. The terms and conditions of the Restricted Stock Units granted hereby, to the extent not controlled by the terms and conditions contained in the Plan, shall be as set forth in the Notice and this Award Agreement. Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meaning attributed to such terms in the Notice or, if not defined therein, in the Plan, unless the context requires otherwise. 
 
 1. No Right to Continued Director Service 
 
 Nothing contained in this Award Agreement shall confer upon the Grantee the right to the continuation of his or her service arrangement, or in either case to interfere with the right of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or other affiliates to Terminate the Grantee. 
 
 2. Term of Restricted Stock Units 
 
 This Award Agreement shall remain in effect until the Restricted Stock Units have fully vested and been settled or been forfeited by the Grantee as provided in this Award Agreement. 
 
 3. Vesting of Restricted Stock Units . 
 
 Subject to the remainder of this Section 3, the Restricted Stock Units will vest as to one hundred percent (100 on the first anniversary of the Vesting Start Date, subject to the Grantee not having Terminated as of such vesting date. 
 
 Except as otherwise provided in Section 5, if the Grantee Terminates for any reason, the portion of the Restricted Stock Units that has not vested as of such date shall terminate upon such Termination and be deemed to have been forfeited by the Grantee without consideration. 
 
 4. Settlement 
 
 Within thirty (30) days following the date on which any portion of the Restricted Stock Units vest pursuant to Section 3 or Section 5 of this Award Agreement, the Company shall deliver to the Grantee one (1) Share in settlement of each Restricted Stock Unit that becomes vested on such vesting date (each such date, an Original Distribution Date ). 
 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that (i) the Grantee is subject to the Company s insider trading policy, including any policy permitting officers and directors to sell Shares only during certain window periods, in effect from time to time (collectively, the Policy ), the 

Grantee is subject to a lock-up agreement (a Lock-Up Agreement with one or more underwriters or placement agents in connection with an offering or other placement of securities by the Company, or the Grantee is otherwise prohibited from selling Shares in the public market and any Shares underlying the Grantee s Restricted Stock Units are scheduled to be delivered on an Original Distribution Date that (A) does not occur during an open window period applicable to the Grantee or on a day on which the Grantee is permitted to sell Shares underlying any portion of the Restricted Stock Units that has vested pursuant to a written plan that meets the requirements of Rule 10b5-1 under the Exchange Act, as determined by the Company in accordance with the Policy, as applicable, (B) occurs within a period during which transactions in Company securities by the Grantee are prohibited under the terms of a Lock-Up Agreement (a Lock-Up Period or (C) does not occur on a date when the Grantee is otherwise permitted to sell Shares on the open market, and (ii) the Company elects not to satisfy the Grantee s tax withholding obligations by withholding Shares from the Grantee s distribution, then such Shares shall not be delivered on such Original Distribution Date and shall instead be delivered, as applicable, on (X) the first business day of the next occurring open window period applicable to the Grantee pursuant to the Policy, (Y) the first business day immediately following the end of the Lock-Up Period, or (Z) the next business day on which the Grantee is not otherwise prohibited from selling Shares in the open market, but in no event later than December 31st of the calendar year in which the Original Distribution Date occurs. 
 
 5. Termination of Service 
 
 (a) Subject to Section 5(b), if the Grantee incurs a Termination for any reason, whether voluntarily or involuntarily, then the portion of the Restricted Stock Units that have not previously vested shall terminate as of the date of the Grantee s Termination. If the Grantee incurs a Termination for Cause, then the Restricted Stock Units (including, for the avoidance of doubt, Restricted Stock Units that are unvested and vested but not yet settled) shall be forfeited and terminate immediately without consideration upon the effective date of such Termination for Cause. 
 
 (b) Notwithstanding Section 5(a), if the Grantee incurs a Termination of service due to death, Disability, Mandatory Retirement or Change in Control, then the portion of Restricted Stock Units that have not previously vested will fully vest as of the date of Grantee s Termination. For purposes of this Award Agreement, Mandatory Retirement shall have the meaning set forth in the Company s Non-Employee Director Compensation Policy. 
 
 6. Prohibited Activities 
 
 Unless otherwise required by law, the Restricted Stock Units shall not be (i) sold, transferred or otherwise disposed of, (ii) pledged or otherwise hypothecated or (iii) subject to attachment, execution or levy of any kind, other than by will or by the laws of descent or distribution provided , however , that any transferred Restricted Stock Units will be subject to all of the same terms and conditions as provided in the Plan and this Award Agreement and the Grantee s estate or beneficiary appointed in accordance with the Plan will remain liable for any applicable withholding tax that may be imposed by any federal, state or local tax authority. 
 
 2 

7. No Rights as Stockholder 
 
 The Grantee shall have no rights as a stockholder with respect to the Shares covered by the Restricted Stock Units until the effective date of issuance of the Shares and the entry of the Grantee s name as a shareholder of record on the books of the Company following delivery of the Shares in settlement of the Restricted Stock Units. Additionally, as a condition to the issuance of any Shares covered by the Restricted Stock Units, the Company reserves the right to require the Grantee to become a party to the Company s Second Amended and Restated Stockholders Agreement dated as of December 11, 2014 and the Company s Second Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement dated as of October 16, 2017, in each case, as may be amended from time to time. 
 
 8. Taxation Upon Settlement of the Restricted Stock Units Tax Withholding 
 
 The Grantee understands that the Grantee will recognize income, for Federal, state and local income tax purposes, as applicable, in respect of the vesting and or settlement of the Restricted Stock Units. The acceptance of the Shares by the Grantee shall constitute an agreement by the Grantee to report such income in accordance with then applicable law and to cooperate with Company and its subsidiaries in establishing the amount of such income and corresponding deduction to the Company and or its subsidiaries for its income tax purposes. The Grantee is responsible for all tax obligations that arise as a result of the vesting and settlement of the Restricted Stock Units. 
 
 9. Securities Laws 
 
 Upon the acquisition of any Shares pursuant to the settlement of the Restricted Stock Units, the Grantee will make such written representations, warranties, and agreements as the Committee may reasonably request in order to comply with securities laws or with this Award Agreement. Grantee hereby agrees not to offer, sell or otherwise attempt to dispose of any Shares issued to the Grantee upon settlement of the Restricted Stock Units in any way which would (x) require the Company to file any registration statement with the Securities and Exchange Commission (or any similar filing under state law or the laws of any other county) or to amend or supplement any such filing or (y) violate or cause the Company to violate the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, or any other Federal, state or local law, or the laws of any other country. The Company reserves the right to place restrictions on any Shares the Grantee may receive as a result of the settlement of the Restricted Stock Units. 
 
 10. Modification, Amendment, and Termination of Restricted Stock Units 
 
 This Award Agreement may not be modified, amended, terminated and no provision hereof may be waived in whole or in part except by a written agreement signed by the Company and the Grantee and no modification shall, without the consent of the Grantee, alter to the Grantee s material detriment or materially impair any rights of the Grantee under this Award Agreement except to the extent permitted under the Plan. 
 
 3 

11. Notices 
 
 Unless otherwise provided herein, any notices or other communication given or made pursuant to the Notice, this Award Agreement or the Plan shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given (i) as of the date delivered, if personally delivered (including receipted courier service) or overnight delivery service, with confirmation of receipt (ii) on the date the delivering party receives confirmation, if delivered by facsimile to the number indicated or by email to the address indicated or through an electronic administrative system designated by the Company (iii) one (1) business day after being sent by reputable commercial overnight delivery service courier, with confirmation of receipt or (iv) three (3) business days after being mailed by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid and addressed to the intended recipient as set forth below 
 
 (a) If to the Company at the address below 
 
 Evoqua Water Technologies Corp. 
 210 Sixth Avenue 
 Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania 
 Phone (724) 772-0044 
 Attention General Counsel 
 
 (b) If to the Grantee, at the most recent address, facsimile number or email contained in the Company s records. 
 
 12. Award Agreement Subject to Plan and Applicable Law 
 
 This Award Agreement is made pursuant to the Plan and shall be interpreted to comply therewith. A copy of the Plan is attached hereto. Any provision of this Award Agreement inconsistent with the Plan shall be considered void and replaced with the applicable provision of the Plan. The Plan shall control in the event there shall be any conflict between the Plan, the Notice, and this Award Agreement, and it shall control as to any matters not contained in this Award Agreement. The Committee shall have authority to make constructions of this Award Agreement, and to correct any defect or supply any omission or reconcile any inconsistency in this Award Agreement, and to prescribe rules and regulations relating to the administration of this Award and other Awards granted under the Plan. 
 
 This Award Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to the conflicts of law principles thereof, and subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts therein. The Grantee hereby consents to personal jurisdiction in any action brought in any court, federal or state, within the State of Delaware having subject matter jurisdiction in the matter. 
 
 13. Section 409A 
 
 The Restricted Stock Units are intended to be exempt from Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code and, accordingly, to the maximum extent permitted, this Award Agreement shall be interpreted to be exempt from Section 409A of the Code or, if not exempt, in compliance therewith. Nothing contained herein shall constitute any representation or 
 4 

warranty by the Company regarding compliance with Section 409A of the Code. The Company shall have no obligation to take any action to prevent the assessment of any additional income tax, interest or penalties under Section 409A of the Code on any Person and the Company, its Subsidiaries and affiliates, and each of their respective employees and representatives, shall have no liability to the Grantee with respect thereto. 
 
 14. Headings and Capitalized Terms 
 
 Unless otherwise provided herein, capitalized terms used herein that are defined in the Plan and not defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in the Plan. Headings are for convenience only and are not deemed to be part of this Award Agreement. Unless otherwise indicated, any reference to a Section herein is a reference to a Section of this Award Agreement. 
 
 15. Severability and Reformation 
 
 If any provision of this Award Agreement shall be determined by a court of law of competent jurisdiction to be unenforceable for any reason, such unenforceability shall not affect the enforceability of any of the remaining provisions hereof and this Award Agreement, to the fullest extent lawful, shall be reformed and construed as if such unenforceable provision, or part thereof, had never been contained herein, and such provision or part thereof shall be reformed or construed so that it would be enforceable to the maximum extent legally possible. 
 
 16. Binding Effect 
 
 This Award Agreement shall be binding upon the parties hereto, together with their personal executors, administrator, successors, personal representatives, heirs and permitted assigns. 
 
 17. Entire Agreement 
 
 This Award Agreement, together with the Plan, supersedes all prior written and oral agreements and understandings among the parties as to its subject matter and constitutes the entire agreement of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof. If there is any conflict between the Notice, this Award Agreement and the Plan, then the applicable terms of the Plan shall govern. 
 
 18. Waiver 
 
 Waiver by any party of any breach of this Award Agreement or failure to exercise any right hereunder shall not be deemed to be a waiver of any other breach or right whether or not of the same or a similar nature. The failure of any party to take action by reason of such breach or to exercise any such right shall not deprive the party of the right to take action at any time while or after such breach or condition giving rise to such rights continues. 
 5 

</EX-10.33>

<EX-21.1>
 6
 q4fy21exhibit211.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 
 Exhibit 21.1 

Subsidiaries of Registrant 
 Name of Subsidiary Jurisdiction of Incorporation Ownership if Less Than 100 ATG Environmental Holdco Limited United Kingdom ATG Environmental Limited United Kingdom ATG R&D Limited United Kingdom ATG UV Technology Limited United Kingdom Evoqua Finance LLC Delaware Evoqua Pension Trustees Limited United Kingdom Evoqua Treated Water Outsourcing LLC Delaware Evoqua Water Technologies (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. China (Shanghai) Evoqua Water Technologies Canada Ltd. Canada Evoqua Water Technologies GmbH Germany Evoqua Water Technologies India Private Limited India Evoqua Water Technologies Ireland Limited Ireland Evoqua Water Technologies Limited United Kingdom Evoqua Water Technologies LLC Delaware Evoqua Water Technologies Ltd. Canada Evoqua Water Technologies Pte. Ltd. Singapore Evoqua Water Technologies Pty. Ltd. Australia EWT Holdings II Corp. Delaware EWT Holdings III Corp. Delaware Frontier Water Systems, LLC Delaware 68 MAGNETO (Suzhou) special anodes Co., Ltd. China MAGNETO international B.V. Netherlands MAGNETO special anodes B.V. Netherlands Neptune Benson, Inc. Delaware Treated Water Outsourcing Delaware 50 Water Technologies U.K. Ltd. United Kingdom WTG Holdco Australia Pty. Ltd. Australia WTG Holdco I LLC Delaware WTG Holdings Cooperatief U.A. Netherlands 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 7
 q4fyex231consentofernstyou.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

Exhibit 23.1 
 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the following Registration Statements 
 
 (1) Registration Statement (Form S-3 No. 333-236884) of Evoqua Water Technologies Corp., 
 (2) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-228988) of Evoqua Water Technologies Corp. IPO Restricted Stock Units, the Evoqua Water Technologies Corp. 2017 Equity Incentive Plan, and the Evoqua Water Technologies Corp. Employee Stock Purchase Plan of Evoqua Water Technologies Corp., 
 (3) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-235284) of EWT Holdings I Corp. Stock Option Plan, and 
 (4) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-238074) of Amended and Restated Evoqua Water Technologies Corp. 2017 Equity Inventive Plan 
 
 of our reports dated November 17, 2021, with respect to the consolidated financial statements and schedule of Evoqua Water Technologies Corp., and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of Evoqua Water Technologies Corp. included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) for the year ended September 30, 2021. 

s Ernst & Young LLP 
 
 November 17, 2021 
 Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 8
 q4fy21ceocertexhibit311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 
 Exhibit 31.1 

 CERTIFICATION OF THE PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Ronald C. Keating, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2021 of Evoqua Water Technologies Corp. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 s RONALD C. KEATING Date November 17, 2021 Ronald C. Keating 
 President, Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 9
 q4fy21cfocertexhibit312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 
 Exhibit 31.2 

 CERTIFICATION OF THE PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Benedict J. Stas, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2021 of Evoqua Water Technologies Corp. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Exhibit 31.2 

 s BENEDICT J. STAS Date November 17, 2021 Benedict J. Stas 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 10
 q4fy21soxcertexhibit321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 
 Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION OF THE PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Evoqua Water Technologies Corp., a Delaware corporation (the Company ), for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2021, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), Ronald C. Keating, President, Chief Executive Officer and Director of the Company, hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to his knowledge 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 s RONALD C. KEATING Date November 17, 2021 
 Ronald C. Keating 
 President, Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 11
 q4fy21soxcertexhibit322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 
 Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION OF THE PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Evoqua Water Technologies Corp., a Delaware corporation (the Company ), for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2021, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), Benedict J. Stas, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to his knowledge 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 s BENEDICT J. STAS Date November 17, 2021 
 Benedict J. Stas 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 12
 aqua-20210930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 13
 aqua-20210930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 14
 aqua-20210930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 15
 aqua-20210930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 16
 aqua-20210930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

