<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20211118_10-K_edgar_data_882184_0000882184-21-000190.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>16311952</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>387574</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2916551</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>6208552</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3349043</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3145746</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>15</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000882184-21-000190.hdr.sgml : 20211118
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20211118171333
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000882184-21-000190
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		97
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20210930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20211118
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20211118

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			HORTON D R INC /DE/
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000882184
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	OPERATIVE BUILDERS [1531]
		IRS NUMBER:				752386963
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0930

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-14122
		FILM NUMBER:		211425346

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1341 HORTON CIRCLE
		CITY:			ARLINGTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			76011
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(817) 390-8200

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1341 HORTON CIRCLE
		CITY:			ARLINGTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			76011

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000882184-21-000190.txt : 20211118

10-K
 1
 dhi-20210930.htm
 10-K

dhi-20210930 
 
 Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 (Mark One) ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the Fiscal Year Ended , 2021 
 or 
 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the Transition Period From To 
 Commission file number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 , , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip code) 
 ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of Each Class Trading Symbol Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No o 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated filer 
 Non-accelerated filer 
 Smaller reporting company 
 Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 As of March 31, 2021, the aggregate market value of the registrant s common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant was approximately billion based on the closing price as reported on the New York Stock Exchange. 
 As of November 11, 2021, there were shares of the registrant s common stock outstanding. 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
 Portions of the registrant s definitive Proxy Statement for the 2022 Annual Meeting of Stockholders are incorporated herein by reference (to the extent indicated) in Part III. 

Table of Contents 

 D.R. HORTON, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 2021 ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Page PART I 
 ITEM 1. 
 Business 
 1 
 ITEM 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 13 
 ITEM 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 25 
 ITEM 2. 
 Properties 
 25 
 ITEM 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 25 
 ITEM 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 25 
 PART II 
 ITEM 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters 
 and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 26 
 ITEM 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 27 
 ITEM 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 28 
 ITEM 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 60 
 ITEM 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 64 
 ITEM 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 107 
 ITEM 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 107 
 ITEM 9B. 
 Other Information 
 107 
 PART III 
 ITEM 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 108 
 ITEM 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 108 
 ITEM 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management 
 and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 108 
 ITEM 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 109 
 ITEM 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 109 
 PART IV 
 ITEM 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 110 
 ITEM 16. 
 10-K Summary 
 115 
 SIGNATURES 
 116 

Table of Contents 

 PART I 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
 
 D.R. Horton, Inc. is the largest homebuilding company in the United States as measured by number of homes closed. We construct and sell homes through our operating divisions in 98 markets across 31 states, primarily under the names of D.R. Horton, America s Builder , Emerald Homes, Express Homes and Freedom Homes. Our common stock is included in the S P 500 Index and listed on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) under the ticker symbol DHI. Unless the context otherwise requires, the terms D.R. Horton, the Company, we and our used herein refer to D.R. Horton, Inc., a Delaware corporation, and its predecessors and subsidiaries. 
 
 Our homebuilding business began in 1978 in Fort Worth, Texas, and our common stock has been publicly traded since 1992. We have expanded and diversified our homebuilding operations geographically over the years by investing available capital into our existing markets, start-up operations in new markets and acquisitions of other homebuilding companies. Our product offerings across our operating markets are broad and diverse. Our homes range in size from 1,000 to more than 4,000 square feet and in price from 150,000 to more than 1,000,000. For the year ended September 30, 2021, we closed 81,965 homes with an average closing price of 323,300. 
 
 Our business operations consist of homebuilding, a majority-owned residential lot development company, financial services, rental and other activities. Our homebuilding operations are our core business, generating 96 of our consolidated revenues of 27.8 billion in fiscal 2021 and 97 of consolidated revenues of 20.3 billion and 17.6 billion in fiscal 2020 and 2019, respectively. Our homebuilding operations generate most of their revenues from the sale of completed homes and to a lesser extent from the sale of land and lots. Approximately 90 of our home sales revenue in fiscal 2021 was generated from the sale of single-family detached homes, with the remainder from the sale of attached homes, such as townhomes, duplexes and triplexes. 
 
 Our position as the most geographically diverse and largest volume homebuilder in the United States provides a strong platform for us to compete for new home sales. Our product offerings include a broad range of homes for entry-level, move-up, active adult and luxury buyers. Our entry-level homes at affordable price points have experienced very strong demand from homebuyers, as the entry-level segment of the new home market remains under-served, with low inventory levels relative to demand. 
 
 During fiscal 2018, we acquired 75 of the outstanding shares of Forestar Group Inc. (Forestar), a publicly traded residential lot development company listed on the NYSE under the ticker symbol FOR. Forestar is a component of our homebuilding strategy to enhance operational and capital efficiency and returns by expanding relationships with land developers and increasing the portion of our land and lot position controlled through land purchase contracts. At September 30, 2021, we owned 63 of Forestar s outstanding common stock. 
 
 Our financial services operations provide mortgage financing and title agency services to homebuyers in many of our homebuilding markets. DHI Mortgage, our 100 owned subsidiary, provides mortgage financing services primarily to our homebuyers and sells substantially all of the mortgages it originates and the related servicing rights to third-party purchasers. DHI Mortgage originates loans in accordance with purchaser guidelines and sells substantially all of its mortgage production after origination. Our 100 owned subsidiary title companies serve as title insurance agents by providing title insurance policies, examination and closing services, primarily to our homebuyers. 
 
 Our rental segment consists of multi-family and single-family rental operations. The multi-family rental operations develop, construct, lease, own and ultimately sell the residential properties. The single-family rental operations construct single-family rental homes with the intent to later market the community for a bulk sale of homes. 
 
 In addition to our homebuilding, Forestar, financial services and rental operations, we engage in other business activities through our subsidiaries. We conduct insurance-related operations, own non-residential real estate including ranch land and improvements and own and operate energy related assets. The results of these operations are immaterial for separate reporting and therefore are grouped together and presented as other. 
 
 1 

Table of Contents 

Available Information 
 
 We make available, as soon as reasonably practicable, on our website, www.drhorton.com , all of our reports required to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). These reports can be found on the Investor Relations section of our website under Financial Information and include our annual and quarterly reports on Form 10-K and 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, beneficial ownership reports on Forms 3, 4, and 5, proxy statements and amendments to such reports. Our SEC filings are also available to the public on the SEC s website at www.sec.gov. In addition to our SEC filings, our corporate governance documents, including our Code of Ethical Conduct for the Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and senior financial officers, are available on the Investor Relations section of our website under ESG. Our stockholders may also obtain these documents in paper format free of charge upon request made to our Investor Relations department. 
 
 Our principal executive offices are located at 1341 Horton Circle, Arlington, Texas 76011, and our telephone number is (817) 390-8200. Information on or linked to our website is not incorporated by reference into this annual report on Form 10-K unless expressly noted. 
 
 OPERATING STRUCTURE AND PROCESSES 
 
 Following is an overview of our company s operating structure and the significant processes that support our business controls, strategies and performance. 
 
 Homebuilding Markets 
 
 Our homebuilding business operates in 98 markets across 31 states, which provides us with geographic diversification in our homebuilding inventory investments and our sources of revenues and earnings. We believe our geographic diversification lowers our operational risks by mitigating the effects of local and regional economic cycles, and it also enhances our earnings potential by providing more diverse opportunities to invest in our business. 
 
 We conduct our homebuilding operations in the geographic regions, states and markets listed below, and we conduct our financial services operations in many of these markets. Our homebuilding operating divisions are aggregated into six reporting segments, also referred to as reporting regions, which comprise the markets below. During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2021, we reassessed our operating segments and reportable segments and realigned the aggregation of our homebuilding operating segments into six new reportable segments to better allocate our homebuilding operating segments across geographic reporting regions. Our financial statements and the notes thereto contain additional information regarding segment performance. 
 2 

Table of Contents 

State Reporting Region/Market State Reporting Region/Market Northwest Region South Central Region Colorado Colorado Springs Oklahoma Oklahoma City Denver Tulsa Fort Collins Texas Austin Oregon Bend Beaumont Portland/Salem Bryan/College Station Utah Salt Lake City Corpus Christi St. George Dallas Washington Seattle/Tacoma/Everett/Olympia Fort Worth Spokane Houston Vancouver Killeen/Temple/Waco Midland/Odessa Southwest Region New Braunfels/San Marcos Arizona Phoenix San Antonio Tucson California Bakersfield East Region Bay Area Georgia Atlanta Fresno Augusta Los Angeles County Savannah Modesto/Merced/Stockton North Carolina Asheville Riverside County Charlotte Sacramento Greensboro/Winston-Salem San Bernardino County Raleigh/Durham San Diego County Wilmington Hawaii Oahu South Carolina Charleston Nevada Las Vegas Columbia Reno Greenville/Spartanburg New Mexico Albuquerque Hilton Head Myrtle Beach Southeast Region Tennessee Chattanooga Alabama Birmingham Knoxville Huntsville Memphis Mobile/Baldwin County Nashville Montgomery Tuscaloosa North Region Florida Fort Myers/Naples Delaware Central Delaware Gainesville Northern Delaware Jacksonville Illinois Chicago Lakeland Indiana Fort Wayne Melbourne/Vero Beach Indianapolis Miami/Fort Lauderdale Northwest Indiana Ocala Iowa Des Moines Orlando Kentucky Louisville Pensacola/Panama City Maryland Baltimore Port St. Lucie Suburban Washington, D.C. Tallahassee Western Maryland Tampa/Sarasota Minnesota Minneapolis/St. Paul Volusia County Nebraska Omaha West Palm Beach New Jersey Northern New Jersey Louisiana Baton Rouge Southern New Jersey Lake Charles/Lafayette Ohio Cincinnati Mississippi Gulf Coast Columbus Pennsylvania Central Pennsylvania Philadelphia Virginia Northern Virginia Southern Virginia 
 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 When evaluating new or existing homebuilding markets for purposes of capital allocation, we consider local, market-specific factors, including among others: 
 
 Economic conditions; 
 Employment levels and job growth; 
 Income level of potential homebuyers; 
 Local housing affordability and typical mortgage products utilized; 
 Market for homes at our targeted price points; 
 Availability of land and lots in desirable locations on acceptable terms; 
 Land entitlement and development processes; 
 Availability of qualified subcontractors; 
 New and secondary home sales activity; 
 Competition; 
 Prevailing housing products, features, cost and pricing; and 
 Performance capabilities of our local management team. 
 
 Economies of Scale 
 
 We are the largest homebuilding company in the United States in fiscal 2021 as measured by number of homes closed, and we are also one of the largest builders in most of the markets in which we operate. We believe that our national, regional and local scale of operations provides us with benefits that may not be available to the same degree to some other smaller homebuilders, such as: 
 Greater access to and lower cost of capital, due to our balance sheet strength and our lending and capital markets relationships; 
 Volume discounts and rebates from national, regional and local materials suppliers and lower labor rates from certain subcontractors; and 
 Enhanced leverage of our general and administrative activities, which allows us flexibility to adjust to changes in market conditions and compete effectively across our markets. 
 
 Decentralized Homebuilding Operations 
 
 We view homebuilding as a local business; therefore, most of our direct homebuilding activities are decentralized to provide flexibility to our local managers in making operational decisions. We believe that our local management teams, who are familiar with local market conditions, have the best information to make many decisions regarding their operations. At September 30, 2021, we had 56 separate homebuilding operating divisions, many of which operate in more than one market area. Generally, each operating division consists of a division president; a controller and accounting personnel; land entitlement, acquisition and development personnel; a sales manager and sales and marketing personnel; a construction manager and construction superintendents; customer service personnel; a purchasing manager and office staff. Our division presidents receive performance-based compensation if they achieve targeted financial and operating metrics related to their operating divisions. Following is a summary of our homebuilding activities that are decentralized in our local operating divisions, and the control and oversight functions that are centralized in our regional and corporate offices. 
 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 Operating Division Responsibilities 
 
 Each operating division is responsible for: 
 Site selection, which involves 
 A feasibility study; 
 Soil and environmental reviews; 
 Review of existing zoning and other governmental requirements; 
 Review of the need for and extent of offsite work required to obtain project entitlements; and 
 Financial analysis of the potential project; 
 Negotiating lot purchase, land acquisition and related contracts; 
 Obtaining all necessary land development and home construction approvals; 
 Selecting land development subcontractors and ensuring their work meets our contracted scopes; 
 Selecting building and architectural plans; 
 Selecting home construction subcontractors and ensuring their work meets our contracted scopes; 
 Planning and managing home construction schedules; 
 Determining the pricing for each house plan and options in a given community; 
 Developing and implementing local marketing and sales plans; 
 Coordinating all interactions with customers and real estate brokers during the sales, construction and home closing processes; and 
 Ensuring the quality and timeliness of post-closing service and warranty repairs provided to customers. 
 
 Centralized Controls 
 
 We centralize many important risk elements of our homebuilding business through our regional and corporate offices. We have separate homebuilding regional offices, which generally consist of a region president, a chief financial officer, legal counsel and other operational and office support staff. Each of our region presidents and their management teams are responsible for oversight of the operations of a number of homebuilding operating divisions, including: 
 Review and approval of division business plans and budgets; 
 Review and approval of all land and lot acquisition contracts; 
 Review of all business and financial analysis for potential land and lot inventory investments; 
 Oversight of land and home inventory levels; 
 Monitoring division financial and operating performance; and 
 Review of major personnel decisions and division incentive compensation plans. 
 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 Our corporate executives and corporate office departments are responsible for establishing our operational policies and internal control standards and for monitoring compliance with established policies and controls throughout our operations. The corporate office also has primary responsibility for direct management of certain key risk elements and initiatives through the following centralized functions: 
 
 Financing; 
 Cash management; 
 Allocation of capital; 
 Issuance and monitoring of inventory investment guidelines; 
 Approval and funding of land and lot acquisitions; 
 Monitoring and analysis of profitability, returns, costs and inventory levels; 
 Risk and litigation management; 
 Environmental assessments of land and lot acquisitions; 
 Technology systems to support management of operations, marketing and financial information; 
 Accounting and management reporting; 
 Income taxes; 
 Internal audit; 
 Public reporting and investor and media relations; 
 Administration of payroll and employee benefits; 
 Negotiation of national purchasing contracts; 
 Administration, reporting and monitoring of customer satisfaction surveys and resolutions of issues; and 
 Approval of major personnel decisions and management incentive compensation plans. 
 
 Land/Lot Acquisition and Inventory Management 
 
 We acquire land for use in our operations after we have completed due diligence and generally after we have obtained the rights (known as entitlements) to begin development or construction work resulting in an acceptable number of residential lots. Before we acquire lots or tracts of land, we complete a feasibility study, which includes soil tests, independent environmental studies, other engineering work and financial analysis. We also evaluate the status of necessary zoning and other governmental entitlements required to develop and use the property for home construction. Although we purchase and develop land primarily to support our homebuilding activities, we may sell land and lots to other developers and homebuilders where we have excess land and lot positions or for other strategic reasons. 
 
 We also enter into land/lot contracts, in which we obtain the right, but generally not the obligation, to buy land or lots at predetermined prices on a defined schedule commensurate with anticipated home closings or planned development. These contracts generally are non-recourse, which limits our financial exposure to our earnest money deposited into escrow under the terms of the contract and any pre-acquisition due diligence costs we incur. This enables us to control land and lot positions with limited capital investment, which substantially reduces the risks associated with land ownership. 

6 

Table of Contents 

 We directly acquire almost all of our land and lot positions. We are a party to a small number of joint ventures. Joint ventures are consolidated if we have a controlling interest, or accounted for under the equity method of accounting if we have a significant influence, but not control. 
 
 We attempt to mitigate our exposure to real estate inventory risks by: 
 Controlling our level of inventory investment and managing our supply of land/lots owned and controlled through purchase contracts to match the expected housing demand in each of our operating markets; 
 Monitoring local market and demographic trends, housing preferences and related economic developments, including the identification of desirable housing submarkets based on the quality of local schools, new job opportunities, local growth initiatives and personal income trends; 
 Utilizing land/lot purchase contracts and seeking to acquire developed lots which are substantially ready for home construction, where possible; and 
 Monitoring and managing the number of speculative homes (homes under construction without an executed sales contract) built in each subdivision. 
 
 Land Development and Home Construction 
 
 Substantially all of our land development and home construction work is performed by subcontractors. Subcontractors typically are selected after a competitive bidding process and are retained for a specific subdivision or series of house plans pursuant to a contract that obligates the subcontractor to complete the scope of work at an agreed-upon price. We employ land development managers and construction superintendents to monitor land development and home construction activities, participate in major design and building decisions, coordinate the activities of subcontractors and suppliers, review the work of subcontractors for quality and cost controls and monitor compliance with zoning and building codes. In addition, our construction superintendents interact with our homebuyers during the construction process and instruct buyers on post-closing home maintenance. 
 
 Our home designs are selected or prepared in each of our markets to appeal to local homebuyers expectations for affordability, home size and features, and our local management teams adjust product offerings to meet buyer demand as necessary. In many communities, we offer optional interior and exterior features to homebuyers for an additional charge. Construction time for our homes depends on the availability of labor, materials and supplies, the weather, the size of the home and other factors. We completed the construction of most homes within two to seven months in fiscal 2021, which is longer than prior years, as construction times have been impacted by the labor and materials shortages discussed below. 
 
 We typically do not maintain significant inventories of land development or construction materials, except for work in progress materials for active development projects and homes under construction. Generally, the construction materials used in our operations have been readily available from numerous sources, and we have contracts exceeding one year with certain suppliers of building materials that are cancelable at our option. In fiscal 2021, the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic and labor shortages on manufacturing production, combined with the improvement in economic conditions and the strong demand for new homes, caused multiple disruptions in our supply chain and have resulted in shortages in certain building materials and tightness in the construction labor market, which has caused our construction cycle to lengthen. 
 
 We are subject to governmental regulations that affect our land development and construction operations. At times, we have experienced delays in receiving the proper approvals from municipalities or other government agencies that have delayed our anticipated development and construction activities in certain communities. 
 
 Cost Controls 
 
 We control construction costs by designing our homes efficiently and by obtaining competitive bids for construction materials and labor. We also competitively bid and negotiate pricing from our subcontractors and suppliers based on the volume of services and products we purchase on a local, regional and national basis. We monitor our land development expenditures and construction costs versus budgets for each house and community, and we review our inventory levels, margins, expenses, profitability and returns for each operating market compared to both its business plan and our performance expectations. 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 We control overhead costs by centralizing certain accounting and administrative functions, monitoring staffing and compensation levels and by applying technology to business processes to improve productivity where practical. We review other general and administrative costs to identify efficiencies and savings opportunities in our operating divisions and our regional and corporate offices. We also direct many of our promotional activities toward local real estate brokers and digital marketing initiatives, which we believe are efficient uses of our marketing expenditures. 
 
 Marketing and Sales 
 
 We primarily use the D.R. Horton, Emerald Homes, Express Homes and Freedom Homes brand names to market and sell our homes. Our D.R. Horton branded communities are the core of our business and account for the majority of our home closings, focusing primarily on the first time and first time move-up homebuyer. Our Emerald branded communities appeal to buyers in search of higher-end move-up and luxury homes. Our Express branded communities primarily accommodate a segment of entry-level buyers who are focused on affordability. Our Freedom Homes brand offers homes at affordable price points to active adult buyers seeking a low-maintenance lifestyle. The percentage of home closings and home sales revenue contributed by each brand during fiscal 2021 was as follows: 
 Percentage of Home Closings Percentage of Home Sales Revenue D.R. Horton 65 68 Emerald 1 2 Express 31 27 Freedom 3 3 Total 100 100 
 
 We also use names of acquired companies for a period of time after the acquisition. We currently utilize the Pacific Ridge Homes brand in our Seattle, Washington market and the Terramor Homes brand in our Raleigh, North Carolina market. The product offerings in all of these markets are similar to, and included with, our D.R. Horton branded communities shown above. 
 
 We market and sell our homes primarily through commissioned employees, and the majority of our home closings also involve an independent real estate broker. We typically conduct home sales from sales offices located in furnished model homes in each subdivision, and we generally do not offer our model homes for sale until the completion of a subdivision. Our sales personnel assist prospective homebuyers by providing floor plans and price information, demonstrating the features and layouts of our homes and assisting with the selection of options, when available. We train and inform our sales personnel regarding construction schedules and marketing and advertising plans. As market conditions warrant, we may provide potential homebuyers with incentives, such as discounts or included upgrades, to be competitive in a particular market or to attain our targeted sales pace. 
 
 We market our homes and communities to prospective homebuyers and real estate brokers digitally, through email, search engine marketing, social media and our company website and other real estate websites, in addition to print media and advertisement. We also use billboards, radio, television, magazine and newspaper advertising locally as necessary. We attempt to position our subdivisions in locations that are desirable to potential homebuyers and convenient to or visible from local traffic patterns, which helps to reduce advertising costs. Model homes play an important role in our marketing efforts, and we expend significant effort and resources to create an attractive atmosphere in our model homes. 
 
 We also build speculative homes in most of our communities, which allow us to compete effectively with existing homes available in the market and improve our profits and returns. These homes enhance our marketing and sales efforts to prospective homebuyers who are renters or who are relocating to these markets and require a home within a short time frame, as well as to independent brokers who represent these homebuyers. We determine our speculative homes strategy in each market based on local market factors, such as new job growth, the number of job relocations, housing demand and supply, seasonality, current sales contract cancellation trends and our past experience in the market. We attempt to maintain a level of speculative home inventory in each community based on our current and planned sales pace, and we monitor and adjust speculative home inventory on an ongoing basis as conditions warrant. 
 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 Sales Contracts and Backlog 
 
 Our sales contracts require an earnest money deposit which varies in amount across our markets and communities. Additionally, customers are generally required to pay additional deposits when they select options or upgrade features for their homes. Our sales contracts include a financing contingency which permits customers to cancel and receive a refund of their deposit if they cannot obtain mortgage financing at prevailing or specified interest rates within a defined period. Our contracts may include other contingencies, such as the sale of an existing home. We either retain or refund customer deposits on cancelled sales contracts, depending upon the applicable provisions of the contract or other circumstances. 
 
 Sales order backlog represents homes under contract but not yet closed at the end of the period. At September 30, 2021, the value of our backlog of sales orders was 9.5 billion (26,221 homes), an increase of 16 from 8.2 billion (26,683 homes) at September 30, 2020. The average sales price of homes in backlog was 360,900 at September 30, 2021, up from the 306,800 average at September 30, 2020. Many of the contracts in our sales order backlog are subject to contingencies, such as those described above, which can result in cancellations. As a percentage of gross sales orders, cancellations of sales contracts were 17 in fiscal 2021 compared to 20 in fiscal 2020. 
 
 The length of time between the signing of a sales contract for a home and delivery of the home to the buyer (closing) is generally from one to seven months; therefore, substantially all of the homes in our sales backlog at September 30, 2021 are scheduled to close in fiscal 2022. 
 
 Customer Service and Quality Control 
 
 Our operating divisions are responsible for pre-closing quality control inspections and responding to customers post-closing needs. We believe that a prompt and courteous response to homebuyers needs during and after construction reduces post-closing repair costs, enhances our reputation for quality and service and ultimately leads to repeat and referral business from the real estate community and homebuyers. We typically provide our homebuyers with a ten-year limited warranty for major defects in structural elements such as framing components and foundation systems, a two-year limited warranty on major mechanical systems, and a one-year limited warranty on other construction components. The subcontractors who perform the actual construction also provide us with warranties on workmanship and are expected to respond to us and the homeowner in a timely manner. In addition, some of our suppliers provide manufacturer s warranties on specified products installed in the home. 
 
 Rental Properties 
 
 Our multi-family rental operations develop, construct, lease, own and ultimately sell multi-family residential properties that produce rental income. We primarily focus on constructing garden style multi-family rental communities, which typically accommodate 200 to 400 dwelling units, in high growth suburban markets. We sold three multi-family rental properties in fiscal 2021 and two multi-family rental properties in fiscal 2020. 
 
 During fiscal 2020, we began constructing and leasing single-family homes as income-producing rental communities. Our single-family rental operations construct single-family rental homes with the intent to later market the community for a bulk sale of homes. We completed three bulk sales of single-family rental properties in fiscal 2021 and no bulk sales of these properties in fiscal 2020. 
 
 Forestar Residential Lot Development Operations 
 
 During fiscal 2018, we acquired 75 of the outstanding shares of Forestar. Forestar is a residential lot development company with operations in 56 markets across 23 states as of September 30, 2021. We owned approximately 63 of Forestar s outstanding common stock at September 30, 2021. Forestar is a component of our homebuilding strategy to enhance operational efficiency and returns by expanding relationships with land developers and increasing the portion of our land and lot position controlled through land purchase contracts. Forestar s strategy is focused on making investments in land acquisition and development to expand its residential lot development business across a geographically diversified national platform and consolidating market share in the fragmented U.S. lot development industry. Our homebuilding operations acquire finished lots from Forestar in accordance with the master supply agreement between the two companies. A shared services agreement is in place whereby we provide Forestar certain administrative, compliance, operational and procurement services. As the controlling shareholder, we have significant influence in guiding the strategic direction and operations of Forestar. 
 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 Customer Mortgage Financing 
 
 We provide mortgage financing services principally to purchasers of our homes in the majority of our homebuilding markets through DHI Mortgage, our 100 owned subsidiary. DHI Mortgage assists in the sales transaction by coordinating the mortgage application, mortgage commitment and home closing processes to facilitate a timely and efficient home-buying experience for our buyers. During the year ended September 30, 2021, DHI Mortgage provided mortgage financing services for approximately 67 of our total homes closed, and approximately 98 of DHI Mortgage s loan volume related to homes closed by our homebuilding operations. Most of our homebuilding divisions also work with additional mortgage lenders that offer a range of mortgage financing programs to our homebuyers. 
 
 To limit the risks associated with our mortgage operations, DHI Mortgage originates loan products that we believe can be sold to third-party purchasers of mortgage loans, the majority of which are eligible for sale to the Federal National Mortgage Association (Fannie Mae), the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation (Freddie Mac) or the Government National Mortgage Association (Ginnie Mae). DHI Mortgage sells substantially all of the loans and the related servicing rights to third-party purchasers after origination with limited recourse provisions. DHI Mortgage centralizes most of its control and oversight functions, including those related to loan underwriting, quality control, regulatory compliance, secondary marketing of loans, hedging activities, accounting and financial reporting. 
 
 Title Services 
 
 Through our subsidiary title companies, we serve as a title insurance agent in selected markets by providing title insurance policies, examination and closing services primarily to our homebuilding customers. 
 
 Human Capital Resources 
 
 People and Culture 
 
 For the past two fiscal years, despite the COVID-19 pandemic, we increased the number of employees in all of our operating segments and made no reductions to our employee compensation plans or employee benefit plans. As of September 30, 2021, we employed 11,788 people, of whom 7,947 work in our homebuilding operations, 2,891 in our financial services segment, 482 at our corporate office, 250 for our Forestar subsidiary, 175 in our rental operations and 43 in our other businesses. Of our homebuilding employees, 3,369 are involved in construction, 2,018 are sales and marketing personnel and 2,560 are office personnel. 
 
 We believe the people who work for our company are our most important resources and are critical to our continued success. We focus significant attention toward attracting and retaining talented and experienced individuals to manage and support our operations. Our people are expected to exhibit and promote honest, ethical and respectful conduct in the workplace. All of our employees must adhere to a code of conduct that sets standards for appropriate behavior and includes required internal training on preventing, identifying, reporting and stopping any type of discrimination. 
 
 Recruitment, Development and Retention 
 
 We are committed to hiring, developing and supporting a diverse workforce and maintaining an inclusive workplace. We believe diversity in the workplace produces unique perspectives and fresh ideas and helps us better serve our customers. Our management team also supports a culture of developing future leaders from our existing workforce, enabling us to promote from within for many leadership positions. We believe this provides long-term focus and continuity to our operations while also providing opportunities for the growth and advancement of our employees. Additionally, the long-term retention of our employees provides us with an experienced, cohesive workforce, which has been vital to achieving our goals. Our focus on retention is evident in the length of service of our executive, regional and divisional management teams. The average tenure of our executive team and homebuilding region presidents is 28 years, our homebuilding division presidents is 15 years and our city managers is greater than 10 years. 

10 

Table of Contents 

 Compensation and Benefits 
 
 We believe our compensation package and benefits are competitive with others in our industry. In addition to base pay, eligible employees may participate in our short-term incentive bonus program and/or our stock compensation plan. We also offer our employees a broad range of benefits, including medical, dental and vision healthcare insurance and paid parental leave. Additional information about our compensation and employee benefit plans, such as our 401(k) savings plan, employee stock purchase plan and our stock compensation plans, is included in Note K to the accompanying financial statements. 
 
 Workplace Safety and Wellness 
 
 The safety and well-being of our employees is our first priority. We take workplace safety seriously at our construction sites and in our offices. We provide third-party training for our field personnel to become certified by the Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA), and we communicate with all of our employees through a monthly safety newsletter to inform and reinforce our commitment to and concern for their well being. 
 
 We implemented safety protocols to protect our employees and our homebuyers during the COVID-19 pandemic. These protocols include complying with health and safety standards as required by federal, state and local government agencies, taking into consideration guidelines of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and other public health authorities. Many of our administrative and operational functions during this time required modification, including some of our workforce working remotely. Our experienced teams of people adapted to the changes in our work environment and have managed our business successfully during this challenging time. 
 
 Business Acquisitions 
 
 We routinely evaluate opportunities to profitably expand our operations, including potential acquisitions of other homebuilding or related businesses. Acquisitions of homebuilding and related businesses usually provide us with immediate land and home inventories and control of additional land and lot positions through purchase contracts. Also, employees of acquired businesses generally have specialized knowledge of local market conditions, including existing relationships with municipalities, land owners, developers, subcontractors and suppliers. These inventory positions and local market knowledge and relationships could take us several years to develop through our own efforts. We seek to limit the risks associated with acquiring other companies by conducting extensive operational, financial and legal due diligence on each acquisition and by performing financial analysis to determine that each acquisition is expected to have a positive impact on our earnings within an acceptable period of time. 
 
 Competition 
 
 The homebuilding, lot development and rental housing industries are highly competitive. We compete not only for homebuyers and renters, but also for desirable properties, raw materials, skilled labor and financing. We compete with local, regional and national companies in these industries and also with existing home sales, foreclosures and rental properties. We compete on the basis of price, location, quality and design of our homes and on mortgage financing terms. 
 
 The competitors to our financial services businesses include other mortgage lenders and title companies, including national, regional and local mortgage banks and other financial institutions. Some of these competitors are subject to fewer governmental regulations and have greater access to capital than we do, may operate with different lending criteria and/or may offer a broader or more attractive array of financing and other products and services to potential customers. We strive to provide flexible, fairly priced financing alternatives subject to applicable regulations. 
 
 Our businesses compete with other companies across all industries to attract and retain highly skilled and experienced employees, managers and executives. Competition for the services of these individuals increases as business conditions improve in the homebuilding, lot development, financial services and rental housing industries and in the general economy. 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 Governmental Regulations and Environmental Matters 
 
 The homebuilding, lot development and rental housing industries are subject to extensive and complex regulations. We and the subcontractors we use must comply with many federal, state and local laws and regulations. These include zoning, density and development requirements and building, environmental, advertising, labor and real estate sales rules and regulations. These regulations and requirements affect substantially all aspects of our land development and home design, construction and sales processes in varying degrees across our markets. Our homes are inspected by local authorities where required, and homes eligible for insurance or guarantees provided by the Federal Housing Administration (FHA) and the U.S. Department of Veteran Affairs (VA) are subject to inspection by them. These regulations often provide broad discretion to the administering governmental authorities. In addition, our new housing developments may be subject to various assessments for schools, parks, streets, utilities and other public improvements. 
 
 Our construction and land development activities are also subject to an extensive array of local, state and federal statutes, ordinances, rules and regulations concerning protection of health, safety and the environment. The particular compliance requirements for each site vary greatly according to location, environmental condition and the present and former uses of the site and adjoining properties. We believe that we are in compliance in all material respects with existing environmental regulations applicable to our business. Additionally, our compliance with such regulations has not had, nor is expected to have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows. However, changes in regulations could increase our costs to comply with such regulations, as discussed in Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
 
 Our mortgage company must comply with extensive state and federal laws and regulations, which are administered by numerous agencies, including the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, Federal Housing Finance Agency, U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development, FHA, VA, United States Department of Agriculture (USDA), Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac and Ginnie Mae. These laws and regulations include many compliance requirements, including licensing, consumer disclosures, fair lending and real estate settlement procedures. As a result, our operations are subject to regular, extensive examinations by the applicable agencies. 
 
 Seasonality 
 
 Although significant changes in market conditions have impacted our seasonal patterns in the past and could do so again in the future, we generally close more homes and generate greater revenues and pre-tax income in the third and fourth quarters of our fiscal year. The seasonal nature of our business can also cause significant variations in the working capital requirements for our homebuilding, lot development, financial services and rental operations. As a result of seasonal activity, our quarterly results of operations and financial position at the end of a particular fiscal quarter are not necessarily representative of the balance of our fiscal year. 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 
 Discussion of our business and operations included in this annual report on Form 10-K should be read together with the risk factors set forth below. They describe various risks and uncertainties we are or may become subject to, many of which are difficult to predict or beyond our control. These risks and uncertainties, together with other factors described elsewhere in this report, have the potential to affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, strategies or prospects in a material and adverse manner. 
 
 Risks Related to our Business and our Industry 
 
 The homebuilding, lot development and rental housing industries are cyclical and affected by changes in economic, real estate or other conditions that could adversely affect our business or financial results. 
 
 The homebuilding, lot development and rental housing industries are cyclical and are significantly affected by changes in general and local economic and real estate conditions, such as: 
 employment levels; 
 consumer confidence and spending; 
 housing demand; 
 availability of financing for homebuyers; 
 availability of financing for companies that purchase our rental properties; 
 interest rates; 
 availability and prices of new homes and existing homes for sale and availability and market values of rental properties; and 
 demographic trends. 
 
 Adverse changes in these general and local economic conditions or deterioration in the broader economy would cause a negative impact on our business and financial results and increase the risk for asset impairments and writeoffs. Changes in these economic conditions may affect some of our regions or markets more than others. If adverse conditions affect our larger markets, they could have a proportionately greater impact on us than on some other companies. 
 
 In the past, the federal government s fiscal and trade policies and economic stimulus actions have created uncertainty in the financial markets and caused volatility in interest rates, which impacted business and consumer behavior. Monetary policy actions affecting interest rates or fiscal policy actions and new legislation related to taxation, spending levels or borrowing limits, along with the related political debates, conflicts and compromises associated with such actions, may negatively impact the financial markets and consumer confidence. Such events could hurt the U.S. economy and the housing and rental markets and in turn, could adversely affect the operating results of our businesses. 
 
 Deployments of U.S. military personnel to foreign regions, terrorist attacks, other acts of violence or threats to national security and any corresponding response by the United States or others, domestic or international instability or social or political unrest may cause an economic slowdown in the markets where we operate, which could adversely affect our business. 
 
 If we experience any of the foregoing, potential customers may be less willing or able to buy our homes or our rental properties. In the future, our pricing and product strategies may also be limited by market conditions. We may be unable to change the mix of our home or rental offerings, reduce the costs of the homes or properties we build, offer more affordable homes or rental properties or satisfactorily address changing market conditions in other ways without adversely affecting our profits and returns. In addition, cancellations of home sales contracts in backlog may increase if homebuyers do not honor their contracts due to any of the factors discussed above. 
 
 Our financial services business is closely related to our homebuilding business, as it originates mortgage loans principally to purchasers of the homes we build. A decrease in the demand for our homes because of the foregoing matters will also adversely affect the financial results of this segment of our business. An increase in the default rate on the mortgages we originate may adversely affect our ability to sell the mortgages or the pricing we receive upon the sale of mortgages or may increase our recourse obligations for previous originations. We may be responsible for losses 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 associated with mortgage loans originated and sold to third-party purchasers in the event of errors or omissions relating to certain representations and warranties that the loans sold meet certain requirements, including representations as to underwriting standards, the type of collateral, the existence of primary mortgage insurance, and the validity of certain borrower representations in the connection with the loan, and we may be required to repurchase certain of those mortgage loans or provide indemnification. Repurchased mortgage loans and/or the settlement of claims associated with such loans could adversely affect our business or financial results. We establish reserves for estimated losses and future repurchase obligations for mortgage loans we have sold; however, actual future obligations related to these mortgages could differ significantly from our current estimated amounts. Additionally, in fiscal 2020 we began retaining mortgage servicing rights on some of our originations. As servicer for these loans, we may incur losses by having to advance payments to the mortgage-backed securities (MBS) bondholders to the extent there are insufficient collections to satisfy the required principal and interest remittances of the underlying MBS. 
 
 Constriction of the credit and public capital markets could limit our ability to access capital and increase our costs of capital. 
 
 During past economic and housing downturns, the credit markets constricted and reduced some sources of liquidity that were previously available to us. Consequently, we relied principally on our cash on hand to meet our working capital needs and repay outstanding indebtedness during those times. There likely will be periods in the future when financial market upheaval will increase our cost of capital or limit our ability to access the public debt markets or obtain bank financing. 
 
 Our homebuilding operations utilize a 2.19 billion senior unsecured revolving credit facility with an uncommitted accordion feature that could increase the size of the facility to 3.0 billion, subject to certain conditions and availability of additional bank commitments. Our homebuilding revolving credit facility also provides for the issuance of letters of credit with a sublimit equal to 100 of the revolving credit commitment. The maturity date of the facility is April 20, 2026. Forestar and its subsidiaries, our financial services and rental subsidiaries, and certain of our other subsidiaries are not guarantors under our homebuilding revolving credit facility or our homebuilding senior notes. 
 
 Forestar has a 410 million senior unsecured revolving credit facility with an uncommitted accordion feature that could increase the size of the facility to 600 million, subject to certain conditions and availability of additional bank commitments. The Forestar revolving credit facility also provides for the issuance of letters of credit with a sublimit equal to the greater of 100 million and 50 of the revolving credit commitment. The maturity date of the facility is April 16, 2025. The Forestar revolving credit facility is guaranteed by Forestar s wholly-owned subsidiaries that are not immaterial subsidiaries or have not been designated as unrestricted subsidiaries. The Forestar revolving credit facility is not guaranteed by us or our other subsidiaries. 
 
 Our mortgage subsidiary utilizes a 1.4 billion mortgage repurchase facility to finance the majority of the loans it originates. The capacity of the facility automatically increases during certain higher volume periods and can be further increased through additional commitments. The total capacity of the facility at September 30, 2021 was 1.8 billion, and its maturity date is February 18, 2022. Adverse changes in market conditions could make the renewal of these facilities more difficult or could result in an increase in the cost of these facilities or a decrease in the committed amounts. Such changes affecting our mortgage repurchase facility may also make it more difficult or costly to sell the mortgages that we originate. 
 
 We regularly assess our projected capital requirements to fund growth in our business, repay debt obligations, pay dividends, repurchase our common stock and support other general corporate and operational needs, and we regularly evaluate our opportunities to raise additional capital. D.R. Horton has an automatically effective universal shelf registration statement filed with the SEC in July 2021, registering debt and equity securities that may be issued from time to time in amounts to be determined. Forestar also had an effective shelf registration statement filed with the SEC in September 2018, registering 500 million of equity securities. At September 30, 2021, 359.9 million remained available for issuance under Forestar s shelf registration statement, of which 65.6 million was reserved for sales under its at-the-market equity offering program. In October 2021, after the expiration of Forestar s existing registration statement and at-the-market equity offering program, a new shelf registration statement became effective, registering 750 million of equity securities. Forestar anticipates entering into a new at-the-market equity offering program under this new shelf registration statement. As market conditions permit, we may issue new debt or equity securities through the capital markets or obtain additional bank financing to fund our projected capital requirements or provide additional liquidity. We believe that our existing cash resources, revolving credit facilities, mortgage repurchase facility and ability to access the capital markets or obtain additional financing will provide sufficient liquidity to fund our near-term working capital 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 needs and debt obligations. Adverse changes in economic, homebuilding or capital market conditions due to COVID-19 or otherwise could negatively affect our business, liquidity and financial results, restrict our ability to obtain additional capital or increase our costs of capital. 
 
 Reductions in the availability of mortgage financing provided by government agencies, changes in government financing programs, a decrease in our ability to sell mortgage loans on attractive terms or an increase in mortgage interest rates could decrease our buyers ability to obtain financing and adversely affect our business or financial results. 
 
 The mortgage loans originated by our financial services operations are primarily eligible for sale to Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac or Ginnie Mae and are typically sold to third-party purchasers. The secondary market for mortgage loans continues to primarily desire securities backed by Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac or Ginnie Mae, and we believe the liquidity these agencies provide to the mortgage industry is important to the housing market. Any significant change regarding the long-term structure and viability of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac could result in adjustments to the size of their loan portfolios and to guidelines for their loan products. Additionally, a reduction in the availability of financing provided by these institutions could adversely affect interest rates, mortgage availability and sales of new homes and mortgage loans. During fiscal 2021, approximately 52 of our mortgage loans were sold directly to Fannie Mae or into securities backed by Ginnie Mae, and 41 were sold to two other major financial entities. On an ongoing basis, we seek to establish loan purchase arrangements with additional financial entities. If we are unable to sell mortgage loans to purchasers on attractive terms, our ability to originate and sell mortgage loans at competitive prices could be limited, which would negatively affect our profitability. 
 
 The FHA insures mortgage loans that generally have lower credit requirements and is an important source for financing the sale of our homes. Changes, restrictions or significant premium increases in FHA programs in the future may negatively affect the availability or affordability of FHA financing, which could adversely affect our ability to sell homes. 
 
 Some of our customers may qualify for 100 financing through programs offered by the VA and the USDA and certain other housing finance agencies. These programs are subject to changes in regulations, lending standards and government funding levels. There can be no assurances that these programs or other programs will continue to be available in our homebuilding markets or that they will be as attractive to our customers as the programs currently offered, which could negatively affect our sales. 
 
 Mortgage rates are currently low compared to most historical periods; however, market conditions could change causing mortgage rates to rise in the future. When interest rates increase, the cost of owning a home increases, which will likely reduce the number of potential homebuyers who can obtain mortgage financing and could result in a decline in the demand for our homes. 
 
 The risks associated with our land, lot and rental inventory could adversely affect our business or financial results. 
 
 Inventory risks are substantial for our homebuilding, Forestar and rental businesses. There are risks inherent in controlling, owning and developing land. If housing demand declines, we may not be able to build, sell and rent homes profitably in some of our communities, and we may not be able to fully recover the costs of some of the land and lots we own. Also, the values of our owned undeveloped land, lots and inventories may fluctuate significantly due to changes in market conditions. As a result, our deposits for lots controlled through purchase contracts may be put at risk, we may have to sell or rent homes or land for a lower profit margin or record inventory impairment charges on our land and lots. A significant deterioration in economic or homebuilding industry conditions may result in substantial inventory impairment charges. 
 
 We cannot make any assurances that our growth strategies, acquisitions or investments will be successful or will not expose us to additional risks or other negative consequences. 
 
 In recent years, we have primarily grown our business by increasing our investments in land, lot and home inventories in our existing homebuilding markets. We have also expanded through investments in new product offerings, new geographic markets and the growth of our rental property operations. Investments in land, lots, home inventories and rental properties can expose us to risks of economic loss and asset impairments if housing conditions weaken or if we are unsuccessful in implementing our growth strategies. 
 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 In fiscal 2018, we acquired 75 of the outstanding shares of Forestar and at September 30, 2021, we owned 63 of its outstanding shares. Forestar is a publicly traded residential lot development company with operations in 56 markets across 23 states as of September 30, 2021. Forestar s strategy is focused on making significant investments in land acquisition and development to expand its residential lot development business across a geographically diversified national platform and consolidating market share in the fragmented U.S. lot development industry. Our homebuilding divisions acquire finished lots from Forestar in accordance with the master supply agreement between the two companies, and we provide Forestar certain administrative, compliance, operational and procurement services through a shared services agreement. As the controlling shareholder, we strongly influence the strategic direction and operations of Forestar. 
 
 In addition to the investment and merger with Forestar, we have acquired the homebuilding operations of several homebuilding companies in recent years, and we may make strategic acquisitions of or investments in other companies, operations or assets in the future. Such acquisitions and investments may have risks similar to those related to land, lots and home inventories, but they may also expose us to additional risks or other negative consequences. These transactions may not advance our business strategy, provide a satisfactory return on our investment or provide other benefits we anticipate. Also, the integration of these transactions may not be successful and may require significant time and resources, which may divert management s attention from other operations. Acquisitions and investments could also expose us to material liabilities not discovered in the due diligence process and may lead to litigation. If these transactions under-perform our expectations or are unsuccessful, we may incur significant expenses or write-offs of inventory, other assets or intangible assets such as goodwill. Acquisitions and investments can result in dilution to existing stockholders if we issue our common stock as consideration and can increase our debt levels or reduce our liquidity if we purchase them with cash. The magnitude, timing and nature of any future acquisitions or investments will depend on a number of factors, including our ability to identify suitable additional markets or acquisition candidates, the negotiation of acceptable terms, our financial position and general economic and business conditions. We also may seek to divest an investment or a business and may have difficulty selling such investment or business on acceptable terms in a timely manner. 
 
 Our business and financial results could be adversely affected by significant inflation, higher interest rates or deflation. 
 
 Inflation can adversely affect us by increasing costs of land, materials and labor. In addition, significant inflation is often accompanied by higher interest rates, which have a negative impact on housing affordability. In a highly inflationary environment, depending on industry and other economic conditions, we may be precluded from raising home prices enough to keep up with the rate of inflation, which could reduce our profit margins. Moreover, in a highly inflationary environment, our cost of capital, labor and materials can increase and the purchasing power of our cash resources can decline, which could have an adverse impact on our business or financial results. 
 
 Alternatively, a significant period of deflation could cause a decrease in overall spending and borrowing levels. This could lead to deterioration in economic conditions, including an increase in the rate of unemployment. Deflation could also cause the value of our inventories to decline or reduce the value of existing homes below the related mortgage loan balance, which could potentially increase the supply of existing homes. If oil prices decline significantly, economic conditions in markets that have significant exposure to the energy sector may weaken. These, or other factors that increase the risk of significant deflation, could have a negative impact on our business or financial results. 
 
 Supply shortages and other risks related to acquiring land, building materials and skilled labor could increase our costs and delay deliveries. 
 
 The homebuilding and lot development industries have from time to time experienced significant difficulties that can affect the cost or timing of construction, including: 
 difficulty in acquiring land suitable for residential building at affordable prices in locations where our potential customers want to live; 
 shortages of qualified subcontractors; 
 reliance on local subcontractors, manufacturers, distributors and land developers who may be inadequately capitalized; 
 shortages of materials; and 
 significant increases in the cost of materials, particularly increases in the price of lumber, drywall and cement, which are significant components of home construction costs. 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 In addition, tariffs, duties and/or trade restrictions imposed or increased on imported materials and goods that are used in connection with the construction and delivery of our homes, including steel, aluminum and lumber, may raise our costs for these items or for the products made with them. These factors may cause construction delays or cause us to incur more costs building our homes. 
 
 As restrictive orders relating to COVID-19 were eased and economic activity resumed, demand for our homes increased significantly. The effects of the pandemic combined with the improvement in economic conditions and the strong demand for new homes caused multiple disruptions in our supply chain, and have resulted in shortages in certain building materials and tightness in the labor market, which has caused our construction cycle to lengthen and costs of building materials to increase. If shortages and cost increases in building materials and tightness in the labor market persist for a prolonged period of time, our profit margins could be adversely impacted if we are unable to pass on future cost increases to our homebuyers by increasing the selling price of our homes. 
 
 Public health issues such as a major epidemic or pandemic could adversely affect our business or financial results. 
 
 The U.S. and other countries have experienced, and may experience in the future, outbreaks of contagious diseases that affect public health and public perception of health risk. In December 2019, COVID-19 emerged in the Wuhan region of China and subsequently spread worldwide. The World Health Organization declared COVID-19 a pandemic, resulting in federal, state and local governments and private entities mandating various restrictions requiring closure of non-essential businesses for a period of time, which began to adversely affect our business in March 2020. As economic activity resumed and restrictive orders relating to COVID-19 were eased, demand for our homes improved significantly during the remainder of fiscal 2020 and remained strong throughout fiscal 2021. However, the effects of the pandemic combined with the improvement in economic conditions and the strong demand for new homes caused multiple disruptions in our supply chain and have resulted in shortages in certain building materials and tightness in the labor market, which has caused our construction cycle to lengthen. 
 
 There is uncertainty regarding the extent to which and how long COVID-19 will impact the U.S. economy and our supply chain. The extent to which COVID-19 impacts our operational and financial performance will depend on future developments, including the duration and spread of COVID-19 or other variant strains and the impact on our customers, trade partners and employees, all of which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted. If COVID-19 or other variant strains have a significant negative impact on economic conditions over a prolonged period of time, our results of operations and financial condition could be adversely impacted. 
 
 Our business and financial results could be adversely affected by weather conditions and natural disasters. 
 
 Physical risks, including weather conditions and natural disasters, such as hurricanes, tornadoes, earthquakes, volcanic activity, droughts, floods, hailstorms, heavy or prolonged precipitation, wildfires and others, can harm our business. Additionally, the physical impacts of climate change may cause these occurrences to increase in frequency, severity and duration. Any such events can delay our development work, home construction and home closings, unfavorably affect the cost or availability of materials or labor, damage homes under construction, lead to changing consumer preferences and/or negatively impact demand for new homes in affected areas. There has been no material impact on our business from these events or material operational challenges resulting from these events, but they could adversely affect our business in the future. The climates and geology of many of the states in which we operate, including California, Florida, Texas and other coastal areas where we have some of our larger operations and which have experienced recent natural disasters, present increased risks of adverse weather or natural disasters. 
 
 Homebuilding is subject to home warranty and construction defect claims in the ordinary course of business that can be significant. 
 
 We are subject to home warranty and construction defect claims arising in the ordinary course of our homebuilding business. We rely on subcontractors to perform the actual construction of our homes, and in many cases, to select and obtain construction materials. Despite our detailed specifications and monitoring of the construction process, our subcontractors occasionally do not meet adequate quality standards in the construction of our homes. When we find these issues, we repair them in accordance with our warranty obligations. We spend significant resources to repair items in homes we have sold to fulfill the warranties we issued to our homebuyers. Additionally, we are subject to construction defect claims which can be costly to defend and resolve in the legal system. Warranty and construction defect matters can also result in negative publicity in the media and on the internet, which can damage our reputation and adversely affect our ability to sell homes. 
 17 

Table of Contents 

Based on the large number of homes we have sold over the years, our potential liabilities related to warranty and construction defect claims are significant. Consequently, we have generally maintained product liability insurance each year, and we seek to obtain indemnities and certificates of insurance from subcontractors covering claims related to their workmanship and materials. We establish warranty and other reserves for the homes we sell based on historical experience in our markets and our judgment of the qualitative risks associated with the types of homes built. Because of the uncertainties inherent to these matters, we cannot provide assurance that our insurance coverage, our subcontractor arrangements and our reserves will be adequate to address all of our future warranty and construction defect claims. Contractual indemnities can be difficult to enforce, we may be responsible for applicable self-insured retentions and some types of claims may not be covered by insurance or may exceed applicable coverage limits. Additionally, the coverage offered by and the availability of product liability insurance for construction defects is limited and costly. We have responded to increases in insurance costs and coverage limitations by self-insuring our risk for certain years and by increasing our self-insured retentions and claim reserves. There can be no assurance that coverage will not be further restricted or become more costly. If costs to resolve our future warranty and construction defect claims exceed our estimates, our financial results and liquidity could be adversely affected. 
 
 A health and safety incident relating to our operations could be costly in terms of potential liability and reputational damage. 
 
 Building and land development sites are inherently dangerous, and operating in this industry poses certain inherent health and safety risks. Due to health and safety regulatory requirements and the number of homes we construct, health and safety performance is critical to the success of our business. Any failure in health and safety performance, including compliance with potential new workplace requirements related to the COVID-19 pandemic, may result in penalties for non-compliance with relevant regulatory requirements, and a failure that results in a major or significant health and safety incident is likely to be costly and could expose us to liability that could be costly. Such an incident could generate significant negative publicity and have a corresponding impact on our reputation, our relationships with relevant regulatory agencies or governmental authorities, and our ability to attract customers and employees, which in turn could have a material adverse effect on our financial results and liquidity. 
 
 We are required to obtain performance bonds, the unavailability of which could adversely affect our results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 We often are required to provide surety bonds to secure our performance or obligations under construction contracts, development agreements and other arrangements. At September 30, 2021, we had 2.3 billion of outstanding surety bonds. Our ability to obtain surety bonds primarily depends upon our credit rating, financial condition, past performance and other factors, including the capacity of the surety market and the underwriting practices of surety bond issuers. The ability to obtain surety bonds also can be impacted by the willingness of insurance companies to issue performance bonds for construction and development activities. If we are unable to obtain surety bonds when required, our results of operations and cash flows could be adversely affected. 
 
 Increases in the costs of owning a home could prevent potential customers from buying our homes and adversely affect our business or financial results. 
 
 Significant expenses of owning a home, including mortgage loan interest and state and local income and property taxes, have historically been deductible expenses for an individual s federal income taxes, subject to various limitations. The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, which became effective January 1, 2018, established new limits on these federal tax deductions that could reduce the actual or perceived affordability of homeownership. These or any further changes in income tax laws by the federal or state government to eliminate or substantially reduce income tax benefits associated with homeownership, could adversely affect demand for and sales prices of new homes, especially in areas with relatively high housing prices or high taxes. 
 
 In addition, increases in property tax rates by local governmental authorities, as experienced in some areas in response to reduced federal and state funding, could adversely affect the amount of financing our potential customers could obtain or their desire to purchase new homes. 

18 

Table of Contents 

 Further, existing and prospective regulatory and societal responses to climate change intended to reduce potential climate change impacts may increase the upfront costs of purchasing a home, costs to maintain the home and its systems, energy and utility costs and the cost to obtain homeowner and various hazard and flood insurance, or limit homeowners ability to obtain these insurance policies altogether. Although these items have had no material effect on our business, they could adversely affect our business in the future. 
 
 Governmental regulations and environmental matters could increase the cost and limit the availability of our land development and homebuilding projects and adversely affect our business or financial results. 
 
 We are subject to extensive and complex regulations that affect land development and home construction, including zoning, density restrictions, building design and building standards. These regulations often provide broad discretion to the administering governmental authorities as to the conditions we must meet prior to development or construction being approved, if approved at all. We are subject to determinations by these authorities as to the adequacy of water or sewage facilities, roads or other local services. New housing developments may also be subject to various assessments for schools, parks, streets and other public improvements. In addition, in many markets government authorities have implemented no growth or growth control initiatives. Any of these may limit, delay or increase the costs of development or home construction. 
 
 We are also subject to a significant number and variety of local, state and federal laws and regulations concerning protection of health, safety, labor standards and the environment. The impact of environmental laws varies depending upon the prior uses of the building site or adjoining properties and may be greater in areas with less supply where undeveloped land or desirable alternatives are less available. These matters may result in delays, may cause us to incur substantial compliance, remediation, mitigation and other costs, and can prohibit or severely restrict development and homebuilding activity in environmentally sensitive regions or areas. Government agencies also routinely initiate audits, reviews or investigations of our business practices to ensure compliance with these laws and regulations, which can cause us to incur costs or create other disruptions in our business that can be significant. 
 
 Recently, there has been growing concern from advocacy groups, government agencies and the general public over the effects of climate change on the environment. Transition risks, such as government restrictions, standards or regulations intended to reduce greenhouse gas emissions and potential climate change impacts, are emerging and may increase in the future in the form of restrictions or additional requirements on land development and home construction in certain areas. Such restrictions and requirements could increase our operating and compliance costs or require additional technology and capital investment, which could adversely affect our results of operations. This is a particular concern in the western United States, where some of the most extensive and stringent environmental laws and residential building construction standards in the country have been enacted, and where we have business operations. We believe we are in compliance in all material respects with existing climate-related government restrictions, standards and regulations applicable to our business, and such compliance has not had a material impact on our business. However, given the rapidly changing nature of environmental laws and matters that may arise that are not currently known, we cannot predict our future exposure concerning such matters, and our future costs to achieve compliance or remedy potential violations could be significant. 
 
 Additionally, actual or perceived environmental, social, governance and other sustainability (ESG) matters and our response to these matters could harm our business. Increasing governmental and societal attention to ESG matters, including expanding mandatory and voluntary reporting, diligence, and disclosure on topics such as climate change, human capital, labor and risk oversight, could expand the nature, scope, and complexity of matters that we are required to control, assess and report. These factors may alter the environment in which we do business and may increase the ongoing costs of compliance and adversely impact our results of operations and cash flows. If we are unable to adequately address such ESG matters or fail to comply with all laws, regulations, policies and related interpretations, it could negatively impact our reputation and our business results. 
 
 The subcontractors we rely on to perform the actual construction of our homes are also subject to a significant number of local, state and federal laws and regulations, including laws involving matters that are not within our control. If the subcontractors who construct our homes fail to comply with all applicable laws, we can suffer reputational damage, and may be exposed to possible liability. 
 
 We are also subject to an extensive number of laws and regulations because our common stock and debt securities and the common stock of our Forestar subsidiary are publicly traded in the capital markets. These regulations govern our communications with our shareholders and the capital markets, our financial statement disclosures and our legal 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 processes, and they also impact the work required to be performed by our independent registered public accounting firm and our legal counsel. Changes in these laws and regulations, including the subsequent implementation of rules by the administering government authorities, may require us to incur additional compliance costs, and such costs may be significant. 
 
 Governmental regulation of our financial services operations could adversely affect our business or financial results. 
 
 Our financial services operations are subject to extensive state and federal laws and regulations, which are administered by numerous agencies, including but not limited to the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, Federal Housing Finance Agency, U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development, FHA, VA, USDA, Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac and Ginnie Mae. These laws and regulations include many compliance requirements, including but not limited to licensing, consumer disclosures, fair lending and real estate settlement procedures. As a result, our operations are subject to regular, extensive examinations by the applicable agencies. Additional future regulations or changing rule interpretations and examinations by regulatory agencies may result in more stringent compliance standards and could adversely affect the results of our operations. 
 
 We operate in competitive industries, and competitive conditions could adversely affect our business or financial results. 
 
 The homebuilding, lot development and rental housing industries are highly competitive. We compete not only for homebuyers and renters, but also for desirable properties, raw materials, skilled labor and financing. We compete with local, regional and national companies in these industries, and also with existing home sales, foreclosures and rental properties. The competitive conditions in these industries can negatively affect our sales volumes, selling prices, leased occupancy levels, rental rates and incentive levels, reduce our profit margins, and cause the value of our inventory or other assets to be impaired. Competition can also affect our ability to acquire suitable land, raw materials and skilled labor at acceptable prices or terms, or cause delays in land development or in construction. 
 
 The competitors to our financial services businesses include other mortgage lenders and title companies, including national, regional and local mortgage banks and other financial institutions. Some of these competitors are subject to fewer governmental regulations and have greater access to capital than we do, may operate with different lending criteria and/or may offer a broader or more attractive array of financing and other products and services to potential customers. 
 
 Our businesses compete with other companies across all industries to attract and retain highly skilled and experienced employees, managers and executives. Competition for the services of these individuals increases as business conditions improve in the homebuilding, lot development, financial services and rental housing industries and in the general economy. If we are unable to attract and retain key employees, managers or executives, our business could be adversely affected. 
 
 Risks Related to our Indebtedness 
 
 We have significant amounts of debt and may incur additional debt, which could affect our financial health and our ability to raise additional capital to fund our operations or potential acquisitions. 
 
 As of September 30, 2021, our consolidated debt was 5.4 billion, which consisted of 3.2 billion related to our homebuilding segment, 704.5 million related to our Forestar segment and 1.5 billion related to our financial services segment. The indentures governing our homebuilding senior notes do not restrict the incurrence of future unsecured debt by us or our homebuilding subsidiaries or the incurrence of secured or unsecured debt by our non-guarantor subsidiaries, and the agreement governing our homebuilding revolving credit facility allows us to incur a substantial amount of future unsecured debt. Also, the indentures governing our homebuilding senior notes and the agreement governing our homebuilding revolving credit facility impose restrictions on our ability and on that of the guarantors under our homebuilding senior notes and our homebuilding revolving credit facility to incur debt secured by certain assets, but still permit us and our homebuilding subsidiaries to incur significant amounts of additional secured debt. The Forestar revolving credit facility and the indentures governing Forestar s senior notes impose restrictions on the ability of Forestar and its restricted subsidiaries to incur secured and unsecured debt, but still permit Forestar and its subsidiaries to incur a substantial amount of future secured and unsecured debt, and do not restrict the incurrence of future secured and unsecured debt by Forestar s unrestricted subsidiaries. 
 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 The amount and the maturities of our debt and the debt of our subsidiaries could have important consequences. For example, possible consequences for our homebuilding, financial services and Forestar operations each with respect to their individual debt obligations, could: 
 require the dedication of a substantial portion of cash flow from operations to payment of debt and reduce the ability to use cash flow for other operating or investing purposes; 
 limit the flexibility to adjust to changes in business or economic conditions; and 
 limit the ability to obtain future financing for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions, debt service requirements or other requirements. 
 
 Servicing our debt requires a significant amount of cash, and we or our subsidiaries may not have sufficient cash flow from our respective businesses to pay our substantial debt. 
 
 Our ability and that of our subsidiaries to meet our respective debt service obligations will depend, in part, upon our and our subsidiaries future financial performance. Future results are subject to the risks and uncertainties described in this report. Our revenues and earnings vary with the level of general economic activity in the markets we serve. Our businesses are also affected by financial, political, business and other factors, many of which are beyond our control. The factors that affect our ability to generate cash can also affect our ability to raise additional funds for these purposes through the sale of debt or equity, the refinancing of debt or the sale of assets. Changes in prevailing interest rates may affect the cost of our debt service obligations, because borrowings under our revolving credit facilities and mortgage repurchase facility bear interest at floating rates. 
 
 The instruments governing our and our subsidiaries indebtedness impose certain restrictions on our and our subsidiaries business, and the ability of us and our subsidiaries to comply with related covenants, restrictions or limitations could adversely affect our and our subsidiaries financial condition or operating flexibility. 
 
 The restrictions imposed by our and certain of our subsidiaries indebtedness could limit our or our subsidiaries ability to plan for or react to market or economic conditions or meet capital needs or otherwise restrict our activities or business plans and adversely affect our or our subsidiaries ability to finance our operations, acquisitions, investments or strategic alliances or other capital needs or to engage in other business activities that would be in our interest. 
 
 The agreements governing our indebtedness contain restrictions on our and our guarantor subsidiaries ability to, among other things, engage in sale and leaseback transactions with respect to certain assets, incur secured debt, create liens, pay dividends and make other distributions on or redeem or repurchase equity securities, sell certain assets and engage in mergers, consolidations or sales of all or substantially all of our assets. The instruments governing Forestar s indebtedness contain restrictions on the ability of Forestar and certain of its subsidiaries to, among other things, incur additional indebtedness, create liens, pay dividends and make other distributions on or redeem or repurchase equity securities, sell certain assets, enter into affiliate transactions and engage in mergers, consolidations or sales of all or substantially all of Forestar s assets. 
 
 In addition, the agreements governing certain of our and our subsidiaries debt instruments contain the following financial covenants: 
 
 Homebuilding revolving credit facility. Our homebuilding revolving credit facility contains financial covenants requiring the maintenance of a maximum allowable leverage ratio and a borrowing base restriction if our leverage ratio exceeds a certain level. A failure to comply with these financial covenants could allow the lending banks to terminate the availability of funds under the revolving credit facility or cause any outstanding borrowings to become due and payable prior to maturity. 
 
 Forestar s revolving credit facility. The Forestar revolving credit facility contains financial covenants requiring the maintenance by Forestar of a minimum level of tangible net worth, a minimum level of liquidity, a maximum allowable leverage ratio and a borrowing base restriction based on the book value of Forestar s real estate assets and unrestricted cash. A failure to comply with these financial covenants could allow the lending banks to terminate the availability of funds under this revolving credit facility or cause any outstanding borrowings to become due and payable prior to maturity. 
 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 Mortgage repurchase facility and other restrictions. The mortgage repurchase facility for our mortgage subsidiary requires the maintenance of a minimum level of tangible net worth, a maximum allowable leverage ratio and a minimum level of liquidity by our mortgage subsidiary. A failure to comply with these requirements could allow the lending banks to terminate the availability of funds to our mortgage subsidiary or cause any outstanding borrowings to become due and payable prior to maturity. Any difficulty experienced in complying with these covenants could make the renewal of the facility more difficult or costly. 
 
 In addition, although our financial services business is conducted through subsidiaries that are not restricted by the indentures governing our senior notes or the agreement governing our revolving credit facility, the ability of our financial services subsidiaries to distribute funds to our homebuilding operations would be restricted in the event such distribution would cause an event of default under the mortgage repurchase facility or if an event of default had occurred under this facility. Moreover, our right to receive assets from our financial services subsidiaries upon their liquidation or recapitalization is subject to the prior claims of the creditors of these subsidiaries. Any claims we may have to funds from our financial services subsidiaries would be subordinate to subsidiary indebtedness to the extent of any security for such indebtedness and to any indebtedness otherwise recognized as senior to our claims. 
 
 Our access to capital and our ability to obtain additional financing could be affected by any downgrade of our debt ratings. 
 
 Our homebuilding senior unsecured debt is currently rated investment grade by all three major rating agencies; however, there can be no assurance that we will be able to maintain these ratings. Any lowering of our debt ratings could make accessing the public capital markets or obtaining additional credit from banks more difficult and/or more expensive. Any lowering of Forestar s debt ratings could also make Forestar s ability to access the public capital markets or obtain additional credit from banks more difficult and/or more expensive. 
 
 The instruments governing our indebtedness contain change of control provisions which could affect the timing of repayment. 
 
 Change of control purchase options under our homebuilding senior notes and change of control default under our homebuilding revolving credit facility. Upon the occurrence of both a change of control and a ratings downgrade event, each as defined in the indentures governing our homebuilding senior notes, we will be required to offer to repurchase such notes at 101 of their principal amount, together with all accrued and unpaid interest, if any. Moreover, a change of control (as defined in our homebuilding revolving credit facility) would constitute an event of default under our homebuilding revolving credit facility, which could result in the acceleration of the repayment of any borrowings outstanding under the facility, a requirement to cash collateralize all letters of credit outstanding thereunder and the termination of the commitments thereunder. If repayment of more than 50 million outstanding under our homebuilding revolving credit facility were accelerated and such acceleration were not rescinded or such indebtedness were not satisfied, in either case within 30 days, an event of default would result under the indentures governing our homebuilding senior notes, entitling the trustee for the notes or holders of at least 25 in principal amount of the relevant series of notes then outstanding to declare all such notes to be due and payable immediately. If purchase offers were required under the indentures for our homebuilding senior notes, repayment of the borrowings under our homebuilding revolving credit facility were required, or if the senior notes were accelerated, we can give no assurance that we would have sufficient funds to pay the required amounts. 
 
 Change of control purchase option under Forestar s notes and change of control default under the Forestar revolving credit facility. Upon the occurrence of a change of control triggering event (as defined in the indentures governing Forestar s notes), Forestar will be required to offer to repurchase Forestar s notes at 101 of their principal amount, together with all accrued and unpaid interest, if any. A change of control (as defined in the Forestar revolving credit facility) with respect to Forestar would constitute an event of default under the Forestar revolving credit facility, which could result in the acceleration of the repayment of any borrowings outstanding under the facility, a requirement to cash collateralize all letters of credit outstanding thereunder and the termination of the commitments thereunder. If the maturity of the Forestar revolving credit facility and/or other indebtedness of Forestar and its restricted subsidiaries together having an aggregate principal amount outstanding of 40 million or more is accelerated, an event of default would result under the indentures governing the Forestar notes, entitling the trustee for the Forestar notes or holders of at least 25 in aggregate principal amount of the then outstanding Forestar notes to declare all such Forestar notes to be due and payable immediately. If purchase offers were required under the indentures for Forestar s notes, repayment of the borrowings under Forestar s revolving credit facility were required, or if Forestar s notes were accelerated, we can give no assurance that Forestar would have sufficient funds to pay the required amounts. 
 22 

Table of Contents 

General Risk Factors 
 
 Damage to our corporate reputation or brands from negative publicity could adversely affect our business, financial results and/or stock price. 
 
 Adverse publicity related to our company, industry, personnel, operations or business performance may cause damage to our corporate reputation or brands and may generate negative sentiment, potentially affecting the performance of our business or our stock price, regardless of its accuracy or inaccuracy. Our reputation could be adversely affected by actual or perceived failures or concerns related to ethics, compliance, product quality and safety, environmental matters, privacy, diversity and inclusion, human rights, compensation and benefits and corporate governance, among other things. Negative publicity can be disseminated rapidly through digital platforms, including social media, websites, blogs and newsletters. Customers and other interested parties value readily available information and often act on such information without further investigation and without regard to its accuracy. The harm may be immediate without affording us an opportunity for redress or correction, and our success in preserving our brand image depends on our ability to recognize, respond to and effectively manage negative publicity in a rapidly changing environment. Adverse publicity or unfavorable commentary from any source could damage our reputation, reduce the demand for our homes or negatively impact the morale and performance of our employees, which could adversely affect our business. 
 
 Our business could be adversely affected by the loss of key personnel. 
 
 We rely on our key personnel to effectively operate and manage our businesses. Specifically, our success depends heavily on the performance of our homebuilding division and region presidents and their management teams, our rental housing management team, our financial services management team, our corporate office management teams, our Forestar management team and our executive officers. These key personnel have significant experience and skills in the homebuilding, lot development, financial services and rental housing industries, as well as leadership and management abilities that are vital to our success. Our ability to attract and retain our key personnel may be impacted by matters involving reputation, culture, diversity and inclusion, compensation and benefits and our management of executive succession. We seek to retain our key personnel and to have succession plans in place to address the potential loss of key personnel. However, if our retention and succession planning efforts are unsuccessful or if we fail to attract suitable replacements, the loss of key personnel could adversely affect our business. 
 
 Our business could be negatively impacted as a result of actions by activist stockholders or others. 
 
 We may be subject to actions or proposals from activist stockholders or others that may not align with our business strategies or the interests of our other stockholders. Responding to such actions could be costly and time-consuming, disrupt our business and operations and/or divert the attention of our Board of Directors and senior management from the pursuit of our business strategies. Activist stockholders may create perceived uncertainties as to the future direction of our business or strategy, including with respect to our ESG efforts, which may be exploited by our competitors and may make it more difficult to attract and retain qualified personnel, potential homebuyers and business partners and may affect our relationships with current homebuyers, subcontractors, investors and other third parties. In addition, actions of activist stockholders may cause periods of fluctuation in our stock price based on temporary or speculative market perceptions or other factors that do not necessarily reflect the underlying fundamentals and prospects of our business. 
 
 Information technology failures, data security breaches, and the failure to satisfy privacy and data protection laws and regulations could harm our business. 
 
 We use information technology and other computer resources to carry out important operational and marketing activities and to maintain our business records. These information technology systems are dependent upon global communications providers, web browsers, third-party software and data storage providers and other aspects of the Internet infrastructure that have experienced security breaches, cyber-attacks, ransomware attacks, significant systems failures and service outages in the past. Our normal business activities involve collecting and storing information specific to our homebuyers, renters, employees, vendors and suppliers and maintaining operational and financial information related to our business, both in an office setting and remote locations as needed. A material breach in the security of our information technology systems or other data security controls could include the theft or release of this information. A data security breach, a significant and extended disruption in the functioning of our information technology systems or a breach of any of our data security controls could disrupt our business operations, damage our reputation and cause us to 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 lose customers, adversely impact our sales and revenue and require us to incur significant expense to address and remediate or otherwise resolve these kinds of issues. The unintended or unauthorized disclosure of personal identifying and confidential information as a result of a security breach could also lead to litigation or other proceedings against us by the affected individuals or business partners, or by regulators. The outcome of such proceedings, which could include penalties or fines, could have a significant negative impact on our business. 
 
 We may also be required to incur significant costs to protect against damages caused by information technology failures, security breaches, and the failure to satisfy privacy and data protection laws and regulations in the future as legal requirements continue to increase. The European Union and other international regulators, as well as state governments, have recently enacted or enhanced data privacy regulations, such as the California Consumer Privacy Act, and other governments are considering establishing similar or stronger protections. These regulations impose certain obligations for handling specified personal information in our systems, and for apprising individuals of the information we have collected about them. We have incurred costs in an effort to comply with these requirements, and our costs may increase significantly if new requirements are enacted and based on how individuals exercise their rights. Any noncompliance could result in our incurring substantial penalties and reputational damage, and also could result in litigation. 
 
 We provide employee awareness training of cybersecurity threats and routinely utilize information technology security experts to assist us in our evaluations of the effectiveness of the security of our information technology systems, and we regularly enhance our security measures to protect our systems and data. Our increased use of remote work environments and virtual platforms in response to the COVID-19 pandemic may also increase our risk of cyber-attack or data security breaches. We use various encryption, tokenization and authentication technologies to mitigate cybersecurity risks and have increased our monitoring capabilities to enhance early detection and rapid response to potential cyber threats. However, because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access, disable or degrade systems change frequently and are increasing in sophistication, they often are not recognized until launched against a target. As such, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques, to implement adequate preventative measures or to identify and investigate cybersecurity incidents. Consequently, we cannot provide assurances that a security breach, cyber-attack, data theft or other significant systems or security failures will not occur in the future, and such occurrences could have a material and adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations or financial position. 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 
 None. 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 
 Our homebuilding and lot development operations own inventories of land, lots and homes, and our rental operations own rental properties that are both completed and under construction as part of the ordinary course of our business. We also own office buildings totaling approximately 1.3 million square feet, and we lease approximately 530,000 square feet of office space under leases expiring through November 2026. These properties are located in our various operating markets to house our homebuilding, Forestar, financial services and rental operating divisions and our regional and corporate offices. 
 
 We own ranch land and improvements totaling 93,600 acres, most of which has been owned for over 20 years. We use this land to conduct ranching and agricultural activities and to host company meetings and events. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 
 We are involved in lawsuits and other contingencies in the ordinary course of business. While the outcome of such contingencies cannot be predicted with certainty, we believe that the liabilities arising from these matters will not have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows. However, to the extent the liability arising from the ultimate resolution of any matter exceeds our estimates reflected in the recorded reserves relating to such matter, we could incur additional charges that could be significant. 
 
 With respect to administrative or judicial proceedings involving the environment, we have determined that we will disclose any such proceeding if we reasonably believe such proceeding will result in monetary sanctions, exclusive of interest and costs, at or in excess of 1 million. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 
 Not applicable. 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 
 Our common stock is listed on the NYSE under the symbol DHI. As of November 11, 2021, the closing price of our common stock on the NYSE was 96.36, and there were approximately 284 holders of record. 
 
 In October 2021, our Board of Directors approved a quarterly cash dividend of 0.225 per common share, payable on December 15, 2021, to stockholders of record on December 6, 2021. The declaration of future cash dividends is at the discretion of our Board of Directors and will depend upon, among other things, our future earnings, cash flows, capital requirements, financial condition and general business conditions. 
 
 We may repurchase shares of our common stock from time to time pursuant to our 1.0 billion common stock repurchase authorization, which was approved by our Board of Directors effective April 20, 2021, and which replaced our prior 1.0 billion common stock repurchase authorization. The authorization has no expiration date. During fiscal 2021, we purchased 10.4 million shares of our common stock for 874.0 million. All share repurchases were made in accordance with the safe harbor provisions of Rule 10b-18 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (Exchange Act). At September 30, 2021, our remaining stock repurchase authorization was 546.2 million. The following table sets forth information concerning our common stock repurchases during the three months ended September 30, 2021. 
 Total Number of Shares Purchased Average Price Paid per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs Approximate Dollar Value of Shares that may yet be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs (In millions) July 1, 2021 - July 31, 2021 758.8 August 1, 2021 - August 31, 2021 760,204 93.68 760,204 687.6 September 1, 2021 - September 30, 2021 1,579,296 89.53 1,579,296 546.2 Total 2,339,500 90.88 2,339,500 546.2 

During fiscal years 2021, 2020 and 2019, we did not sell any equity securities that were not registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (Securities Act). 
 
 The information required by this item with respect to equity compensation plans is set forth under Item 12 of this annual report on Form 10-K and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 Stock Performance Graph 
 
 The following graph illustrates the cumulative total stockholder return on D.R. Horton common stock for the last five fiscal years through September 30, 2021, compared to the S P 500 Index and the S P 1500 Homebuilding Index. The comparison assumes a hypothetical investment in D.R. Horton common stock and in each of the foregoing indices of 100 at September 30, 2016 and assumes that all dividends were reinvested. Shareholder returns over the indicated period are based on historical data and should not be considered indicative of future shareholder returns. The graph and related disclosure in no way reflect our forecast of future financial performance. 

September 30, 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 D.R. Horton, Inc. 100.00 133.91 143.01 181.36 263.45 295.26 S P 500 Index 100.00 118.61 139.85 145.80 167.89 218.26 S P 1500 Homebuilding Index 100.00 138.42 130.92 175.80 234.15 262.95 
 
 This performance graph shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into our SEC filings and should not constitute soliciting material or otherwise be considered filed under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act. 

ITEM 6. [Reserved] 
 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (MD A) is intended to promote an understanding of our financial condition, results of operations, liquidity and certain other factors that may affect future results. MD A is provided as a supplement to, and should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and notes to those statements that appear elsewhere in this Form 10-K. This section generally discusses the results of operations for fiscal 2021 compared to 2020. For similar operating and financial data and discussion of our fiscal 2020 results compared to our fiscal 2019 results, refer to Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations under Part II of our annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2020, which was filed with the SEC on November 20, 2020. 
 
 The following discussion contains forward-looking statements that reflect our plans, estimates and beliefs. Actual results could differ materially from those discussed in the forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to any differences include, but are not limited to, those discussed under the caption Forward-Looking Statements and under Item 1A, Risk Factors. 
 
 Results of Operations Overview 
 
 Fiscal 2021 Operating Results 
 
 In fiscal 2021, our number of homes closed and home sales revenues increased 25 and 35 , respectively, compared to the prior year, and our consolidated revenues increased 37 to 27.8 billion compared to 20.3 billion in the prior year. Our pre-tax income was 5.4 billion in fiscal 2021 compared to 3.0 billion in fiscal 2020, and our pre-tax operating margin was 19.3 compared to 14.7 . Net income was 4.2 billion in fiscal 2021 compared to 2.4 billion in fiscal 2020, and our diluted earnings per share was 11.41 compared to 6.41. 
 
 Cash provided by our homebuilding operations was 1.2 billion in fiscal 2021 compared to 1.9 billion in fiscal 2020. In fiscal 2021, our return on equity (ROE) was 31.6 compared to 22.1 in fiscal 2020, and our homebuilding return on inventory (ROI) was 37.9 compared to 24.6 . ROE is calculated as net income attributable to D.R. Horton for the year divided by average stockholders equity, where average stockholders equity is the sum of ending stockholders equity balances of the trailing five quarters divided by five. Homebuilding ROI is calculated as homebuilding pre-tax income for the year divided by average inventory, where average inventory is the sum of ending homebuilding inventory balances for the trailing five quarters divided by five. 
 
 During March 2020, the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic and the related widespread reductions in economic activity across the United States began to adversely affect our business. As economic activity resumed and restrictive orders relating to COVID-19 were eased, demand for our homes improved significantly during the remainder of fiscal 2020 and remained strong throughout fiscal 2021. We believe the increase in demand has been fueled by historically low interest rates on mortgage loans and the limited supply of homes at affordable price points across most of our markets. We are well-positioned for increased demand with our affordable product offerings, lot supply and housing inventory. However, multiple disruptions in the supply chain, combined with the improvement in economic conditions and strong demand for new homes, have resulted in shortages in certain building materials and tightness in the labor market, which has caused our construction cycle to lengthen. We have slowed our home sales pace to more closely align with our production levels, and we are selling homes later in the construction cycle when we have more certainty regarding the home close date for our homebuyers. Based on the current availability of labor and materials, the stage of completion of our current homes in inventory, production schedules and capacity, we expect to continue restricting the pace of our sales orders in many of our communities in the near term to match our production levels. 
 
 Within our homebuilding land and lot portfolio, our lots controlled through purchase contracts represent 76 of the lots owned and controlled at September 30, 2021 compared to 70 at September 30, 2020. Our relationship with Forestar and expanded relationships with other land developers across the country have allowed us to continue to increase the controlled portion of our lot pipeline. 

28 

Table of Contents 

We believe our strong balance sheet and liquidity position provide us with the flexibility to operate effectively through changing economic conditions. We plan to continue to generate strong cash flows from our homebuilding operations and manage our product offerings, incentives, home pricing, sales pace and inventory levels to optimize the return on our inventory investments in each of our communities based on local housing market conditions. 

Strategy 
 
 Our operating strategy focuses on enhancing long-term value to our shareholders by leveraging our financial and competitive position in our core homebuilding business to maximize the returns on our inventory investments and generate strong profitability and cash flows, while managing risk and maintaining financial flexibility to navigate changing economic conditions and make opportunistic strategic investments. Our strategy remains consistent and includes the following initiatives: 
 Developing and retaining highly experienced and productive teams of personnel throughout our company that are aligned and focused on continuous improvement in our operational execution and financial performance. 
 Maintaining a strong cash balance and overall liquidity position and controlling our level of debt. 
 Allocating and actively managing our inventory investments across our operating markets to diversify our geographic risk. 
 Offering new home communities that appeal to a broad range of entry-level, move-up, active adult and luxury homebuyers based on consumer demand in each market. 
 Modifying product offerings, sales pace, home prices and sales incentives as necessary in each of our markets to meet consumer demand and maintain affordability. 
 Delivering high quality homes and a positive experience to our customers both during and after the sale. 
 Managing our inventory of homes under construction relative to demand in each of our markets, including starting construction on unsold homes to capture new home demand and actively controlling the number of unsold, completed homes in inventory. 
 Investing in land and land development in desirable markets, while controlling the level of land and lots we own in each market relative to the local new home demand. 
 Continuing to seek opportunities to expand the portion of our land and finished lots controlled through purchase contracts with Forestar and other land developers. 
 Controlling the cost of goods purchased from both vendors and subcontractors. 
 Improving the efficiency of our land development, construction, sales and other key operational activities. 
 Controlling our selling, general and administrative (SG A) expense infrastructure to match production levels. 
 Opportunistically evaluating potential acquisitions to enhance our operations and improve returns. 
 Ensuring that our financial services business provides high quality mortgage and title services to homebuyers efficiently and effectively. 
 Increasing our investments in the construction and leasing of single-family and multi-family rental properties to meet rental demand in high growth suburban markets and selling these properties profitably. 
 
 We believe our operating strategy, which has produced positive results in recent years, will allow us to successfully operate through changing economic conditions to maintain and improve our financial and competitive position. However, we cannot provide any assurances that the initiatives listed above will continue to be successful, and we may need to adjust parts of our strategy to meet future market conditions. 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 Key Results 
 
 Key financial results as of and for our fiscal year ended September 30, 2021, as compared to fiscal 2020, were as follows: 
 
 Homebuilding: 
 Homebuilding revenues increased 35 to 26.6 billion compared to 19.6 billion. 
 Homes closed increased 25 to 81,965 homes, and the average closing price of those homes was 323,300. 
 Net sales orders increased 4 to 81,378 homes, and the value of net sales orders increased 18 to 27.7 billion. 
 Sales order backlog decreased 2 to 26,221 homes, while the value of sales order backlog increased 16 to 9.5 billion. 
 Home sales gross margin was 25.5 compared to 21.8 . 
 Homebuilding SG A expense was 7.3 of homebuilding revenues compared to 8.1 . 
 Homebuilding pre-tax income was 4.8 billion compared to 2.7 billion. 
 Homebuilding pre-tax income was 18.1 of homebuilding revenues compared to 13.6 . 
 Homebuilding return on inventory was 37.9 compared to 24.6 . 
 Net cash provided by homebuilding operations was 1.2 billion compared to 1.9 billion. 
 Homebuilding cash and cash equivalents totaled 3.0 billion compared to 2.6 billion. 
 Homebuilding inventories totaled 13.9 billion compared to 11.0 billion. 
 Homes in inventory totaled 47,800 compared to 38,000. 
 Owned lots totaled 127,800 compared to 112,600, and lots controlled through purchase contracts increased to 402,500 from 264,300. 
 Homebuilding debt was 3.2 billion compared to 2.5 billion. 
 Homebuilding debt to total capital was 17.8 compared to 17.5 , and net homebuilding debt to total capital was 1.7 compared to (0.3) . 
 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 Forestar: 
 Forestar s revenues increased 42 to 1.3 billion compared to 931.8 million. Revenues in fiscal 2021 and 2020 included 1.2 billion and 887.4 million, respectively, of revenue from land and lot sales to our homebuilding segment. 
 Forestar s lots sold increased 53 to 15,915 compared to 10,373. Lots sold to D.R. Horton totaled 14,839 compared to 10,164. 
 Forestar s pre-tax income was 146.6 million, which included an 18.1 million loss on extinguishment of debt, compared to 78.1 million. 
 Forestar s pre-tax income was 11.1 of Forestar revenues compared to 8.4 . 
 Forestar s cash and cash equivalents totaled 153.6 million compared to 394.3 million. 
 Forestar s inventories totaled 1.9 billion compared to 1.3 billion. 
 Forestar s owned and controlled lots totaled 97,000 compared to 60,500. Of these lots, 39,200 were under contract to sell to or subject to a right of first offer with D.R. Horton compared to 30,400. 
 Forestar s debt was 704.5 million compared to 641.1 million. 
 
 Forestar s debt to total capital was 41.0 compared to 42.4 . Forestar s net debt to total capital was 35.2 compared to 22.1 . 
 
 Financial Services: 
 Financial services revenues increased 41 to 823.6 million compared to 584.9 million. 
 Financial services pre-tax income increased 49 to 364.6 million compared to 245.2 million. 
 Financial services pre-tax income was 44.3 of financial services revenues compared to 41.9 . 
 
 Consolidated Results: 
 Consolidated pre-tax income increased 80 to 5.4 billion compared to 3.0 billion. 
 Consolidated pre-tax income was 19.3 of consolidated revenues compared to 14.7 . 
 Income tax expense was 1.2 billion compared to 602.5 million, and our effective tax rate was 21.8 compared to 20.2 . 
 Net income attributable to D.R. Horton increased 76 to 4.2 billion compared to 2.4 billion. 
 Diluted net income per common share attributable to D.R. Horton increased 78 to 11.41 compared to 6.41. 
 Net cash provided by operations was 534.4 million compared to 1.4 billion. 
 Stockholders equity was 14.9 billion compared to 11.8 billion. 
 Book value per common share increased to 41.81 compared to 32.53. 
 Debt to total capital was 26.7 compared to 26.6 , and net debt to total capital was 12.9 compared to 9.7 . 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 Results of Operations Homebuilding 
 
 Due to the change in aggregation of our homebuilding operating segments into six new reportable segments during fiscal 2021, the following tables and related discussion of our homebuilding results include comparative information for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019. 
 
 Based on the new aggregation, our six reporting segments and the states in which we have homebuilding operations are as follows: 
 Northwest: Colorado, Oregon, Utah and Washington Southwest: Arizona, California, Hawaii, Nevada and New Mexico South Central: Oklahoma and Texas Southeast: Alabama, Florida, Louisiana and Mississippi East: Georgia, North Carolina, South Carolina and Tennessee North: Delaware, Illinois, Indiana, Iowa, Kentucky, Maryland, Minnesota, Nebraska, New Jersey, Ohio, Pennsylvania and Virginia 
 
 Net Sales Orders (1) Net Homes Sold Year Ended September 30, Change 2021 2020 2019 2021 vs 2020 2020 vs 2019 Northwest 4,530 5,308 3,919 (15) 35 Southwest 9,456 10,214 7,382 (7) 38 South Central 23,631 21,511 14,942 10 44 Southeast 24,239 21,103 15,640 15 35 East 14,038 14,480 11,011 (3) 32 North 5,484 5,842 3,671 (6) 59 81,378 78,458 56,565 4 39 Value (In millions) Northwest 2,320.2 2,342.3 1,737.4 (1) 35 Southwest 4,179.3 3,838.8 2,909.8 9 32 South Central 6,992.9 5,555.2 3,821.5 26 45 Southeast 7,632.1 5,781.2 4,122.0 32 40 East 4,496.9 4,086.3 3,034.1 10 35 North 2,126.8 2,002.5 1,218.6 6 64 27,748.2 23,606.3 16,843.4 18 40 Average Selling Price Northwest 512,200 441,300 443,300 16 Southwest 442,000 375,800 394,200 18 (5) South Central 295,900 258,200 255,800 15 1 Southeast 314,900 274,000 263,600 15 4 East 320,300 282,200 275,600 14 2 North 387,800 342,800 332,000 13 3 341,000 300,900 297,800 13 1 
 _____________ 
 (1) Net sales orders represent the number and dollar value of new sales contracts executed with customers (gross sales orders), net of cancelled sales orders. 
 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 Sales Order Cancellations Year Ended September 30, Cancelled Sales Orders Value (In millions) Cancellation Rate (1) 2021 2020 2019 2021 2020 2019 2021 2020 2019 Northwest 583 760 540 294.2 334.1 228.5 11 13 12 Southwest 1,497 1,994 1,889 598.0 739.1 697.5 14 16 20 South Central 5,301 5,432 4,184 1,510.2 1,413.2 1,064.2 18 20 22 Southeast 5,356 5,882 4,323 1,585.1 1,604.1 1,128.1 18 22 22 East 3,136 3,948 3,488 947.6 1,073.4 937.4 18 21 24 North 986 1,150 864 354.6 365.0 279.4 15 16 19 16,859 19,166 15,288 5,289.7 5,528.9 4,335.1 17 20 21 
 
 _____________ 
 (1) Cancellation rate represents the number of cancelled sales orders divided by gross sales orders. 

Net Sales Orders 
 
 2021 versus 2020 
 
 The number of net sales orders increased 4 during 2021 compared to 2020, and the value of net sales orders increased 18 to 27.7 billion (81,378 homes) in 2021 from 23.6 billion (78,458 homes) in 2020. The average selling price of net sales orders during fiscal 2021 was 341,000, up 13 from the prior year. 
 
 During fiscal 2021, demand for homes remained strong. However, multiple disruptions in the supply chain, combined with the improvement in economic conditions and strong demand for new homes, have resulted in shortages in certain building materials and tightness in the labor market, which has caused our construction cycle to lengthen. As a result, during the second half of fiscal 2021, we slowed our home sales pace to more closely align with our production levels, and we are selling homes later in the construction cycle when we have more certainty regarding the home close date for our homebuyers. Based on the stage of completion of our current homes in inventory, production schedules and capacity, we expect to continue restricting the pace of our sales orders in many of our communities in the near term to match our production levels. Although these challenges may persist for some time, we expect to ultimately increase our production capacity and close more homes in fiscal 2022 than we closed in fiscal 2021. 
 
 In regions with an increase in sales volume, the markets contributing most to the increases were the San Antonio and Dallas markets in the South Central and the Florida markets (particularly Tampa) in the Southeast. In regions with a decrease in sales volume, the markets having the most effect were as follows: the Seattle and Portland markets in the Northwest; the Phoenix market in the Southwest; the Charlotte and Atlanta markets in the East; and the Minneapolis market in the North. 
 
 Our sales order cancellation rate (cancelled sales orders divided by gross sales orders for the period) was 17 in 2021 compared to 20 in 2020. 
 
 2020 versus 2019 
 
 The number of net sales orders increased 39 during 2020 compared to 2019, with significant increases in all of our regions. The value of net sales orders increased 40 to 23.6 billion (78,458 homes) in 2020 from 16.8 billion (56,565 homes) in 2019. The average selling price of net sales orders during 2020 was 300,900, up 1 from the prior year. 
 
 The markets contributing most to the increases in sales volumes in our regions were as follows: the Denver and Portland markets in the Northwest; the Phoenix and California markets in the Southwest; the Houston and Dallas markets in the South Central; the Florida markets (particularly Tampa) in the Southeast; the Carolina markets (particularly Myrtle Beach and Charlotte) in the East; and the Minneapolis, Delaware and Indiana markets in the North. 
 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 Our sales order cancellation rate (cancelled sales orders divided by gross sales orders for the period) was 20 in 2020 compared to 21 in 2019. 
 
 Sales Order Backlog Homes in Backlog As of September 30, Change 2021 2020 2019 2021 vs 2020 2020 vs 2019 Northwest 954 1,544 694 (38) 122 Southwest 3,438 3,742 1,673 (8) 124 South Central 8,733 7,213 3,667 21 97 Southeast 7,319 6,922 3,740 6 85 East 4,217 4,857 2,643 (13) 84 North 1,560 2,405 1,196 (35) 101 26,221 26,683 13,613 (2) 96 Value (In millions) Northwest 497.7 693.1 301.6 (28) 130 Southwest 1,495.9 1,341.3 675.6 12 99 South Central 2,825.4 1,904.9 964.2 48 98 Southeast 2,534.7 1,968.6 1,051.3 29 87 East 1,469.4 1,426.4 748.6 3 91 North 640.0 851.3 398.8 (25) 113 9,463.1 8,185.6 4,140.1 16 98 Average Selling Price Northwest 521,700 448,900 434,600 16 3 Southwest 435,100 358,400 403,800 21 (11) South Central 323,500 264,100 262,900 22 Southeast 346,300 284,400 281,100 22 1 East 348,400 293,700 283,200 19 4 North 410,300 354,000 333,400 16 6 360,900 306,800 304,100 18 1 

Sales Order Backlog 
 
 Sales order backlog represents homes under contract but not yet closed at the end of the period. Many of the contracts in our sales order backlog are subject to contingencies, including mortgage loan approval and buyers selling their existing homes, which can result in cancellations. A portion of the contracts in backlog will not result in closings due to cancellations. 
 
 34 

Table of Contents 

Home Closings and Revenue Homes Closed Year Ended September 30, Change 2021 2020 2019 2021 vs 2020 2020 vs 2019 Northwest 5,120 4,458 3,878 15 15 Southwest 9,760 8,145 7,578 20 7 South Central 22,236 17,965 15,428 24 16 Southeast 23,842 17,921 15,411 33 16 East 14,678 12,266 11,086 20 11 North 6,329 4,633 3,594 37 29 81,965 65,388 56,975 25 15 Home Sales Revenue (In millions) Northwest 2,515.6 1,950.8 1,718.3 29 14 Southwest 4,024.7 3,173.1 2,999.7 27 6 South Central 6,104.2 4,614.6 3,932.9 32 17 Southeast 7,066.1 4,863.8 4,009.9 45 21 East 4,453.9 3,408.5 3,075.9 31 11 North 2,338.1 1,550.0 1,188.3 51 30 26,502.6 19,560.8 16,925.0 35 16 Average Selling Price Northwest 491,300 437,600 443,100 12 (1) Southwest 412,400 389,600 395,800 6 (2) South Central 274,500 256,900 254,900 7 1 Southeast 296,400 271,400 260,200 9 4 East 303,400 277,900 277,500 9 North 369,400 334,600 330,600 10 1 323,300 299,100 297,100 8 1 
 
 Home Sales Revenue 
 
 2021 versus 2020 
 
 Revenues from home sales increased 35 to 26.5 billion (81,965 homes closed) in 2021 from 19.6 billion (65,388 homes closed) in 2020. Home sales revenues increased in all of our regions due to an increase in the number of homes closed and to a lesser extent, an increase in average selling prices. 
 
 The number of homes closed in 2021 increased 25 from 2020. The markets contributing most to the increased closing volumes in our regions were as follows: the Denver and Salt Lake City markets in the Northwest; the Phoenix and California markets in the Southwest; the Houston and Dallas markets in the South Central; the Florida markets (particularly Tampa) in the Southeast; the Carolina markets (particularly Myrtle Beach) in the East; and the Indiana and Delaware markets in the North. 
 
 2020 versus 2019 
 
 Revenues from home sales increased 16 to 19.6 billion (65,388 homes closed) in 2020 from 16.9 billion (56,975 homes closed) in 2019. Home sales revenues increased in all of our regions primarily due to an increase in the number of homes closed. 

35 

Table of Contents 

The number of homes closed in 2020 increased 15 from 2019. The markets contributing most to the increase in closing volumes in our regions were as follows: the Denver and Portland markets in the Northwest; the California markets in the Southwest; the Houston, Dallas and San Antonio markets in the South Central; the Florida markets (particularly Tampa) in the Southeast; the Carolina markets (particularly Myrtle Beach and Charlotte) in the East; and the Delaware, Indiana and Iowa markets in the North. 
 
 Homebuilding Operating Margin Analysis 
 Percentages of Related Revenues Year Ended September 30, 2021 2020 2019 Gross profit home sales 25.5 21.8 20.2 Gross profit land/lot sales and other 25.1 27.8 18.3 Inventory and land option charges (0.1) (0.1) (0.3) Gross profit total homebuilding 25.4 21.7 19.9 Selling, general and administrative expense 7.3 8.1 8.7 Other (income) expense (0.1) (0.1) Homebuilding pre-tax income 18.1 13.6 11.2 
 
 Home Sales Gross Profit 
 
 2021 versus 2020 
 
 Gross profit from home sales increased to 6.9 billion in 2021 from 4.3 billion in 2020 and increased 370 basis points to 25.5 as a percentage of home sales revenues. The percentage increase resulted from improvements of 340 basis points due to the average selling price of our homes closed increasing by more than the average cost of those homes, 20 basis points due to a decrease in the amortization of capitalized interest and 10 basis points due to a decrease in warranty and construction defect costs. 
 
 We remain focused on managing the pricing, incentives and sales pace in each of our communities to optimize the returns on our inventory investments and adjust to local market conditions and new home demand. These actions could cause our gross profit margins to fluctuate in future periods. If new home demand declines from current levels, we would expect our gross profit margins to also decline. 
 
 2020 versus 2019 
 
 Gross profit from home sales increased to 4.3 billion in 2020 from 3.4 billion in 2019 and increased 160 basis points to 21.8 as a percentage of home sales revenues. The percentage increase resulted from improvements of 150 basis points due to a decrease in the average cost of our homes closed while the average selling price increased slightly, 20 basis points from a decrease in the amount of purchase accounting adjustments related to prior year acquisitions and 10 basis points due to a decrease in the amortization of capitalized interest, partially offset by increased warranty and construction defect costs of 20 basis points. 
 
 Land/Lot Sales and Other Revenues 
 
 Land/lot sales and other revenues from our homebuilding operations were 75.0 million, 80.7 million and 91.9 million in fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. We continually evaluate our land and lot supply, and fluctuations in revenues and profitability from land sales occur based on how we manage our inventory levels in various markets. We generally purchase land and lots with the intent to build and sell homes on them. However, some of the land that we purchase includes commercially zoned parcels that we may sell to commercial developers. We may also sell residential lots or land parcels to manage our supply or for other strategic reasons. As of September 30, 2021, our homebuilding operations had 25.4 million of land held for sale that we expect to sell in the next twelve months. 
 
 36 

Table of Contents 

Inventory and Land Option Charges 
 
 At the end of each quarter, we review the performance and outlook for all of our communities and land inventories for indicators of potential impairment and perform detailed impairment evaluations and analyses when necessary. As of September 30, 2021, we determined that no communities were impaired, and no impairment charges were recorded during the three months ended September 30, 2021. There were 5.6 million of homebuilding impairment charges recorded during fiscal 2021 compared to 1.7 million and 24.9 million of impairment charges recorded in fiscal 2020 and 2019, respectively. 
 
 As we manage our inventory investments across our operating markets to optimize returns and cash flows, we may modify our pricing and incentives, construction and development plans or land sale strategies in individual active communities and land held for development, which could result in the affected communities being evaluated for potential impairment. If the housing market or economic conditions are adversely affected for a prolonged period, we may be required to evaluate additional communities for potential impairment. These evaluations could result in additional impairment charges, which could be significant. 
 
 During fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019, earnest money and pre-acquisition cost write-offs related to land purchase contracts that we have terminated or expect to terminate were 19.3 million, 21.2 million and 28.3 million, respectively. 
 
 Selling, General and Administrative (SG A) Expense 
 
 SG A expense from homebuilding activities was 1.9 billion, 1.6 billion and 1.5 billion in fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively, an increase of 22 in 2021 and 8 in 2020 from the respective prior years. SG A expense as a percentage of homebuilding revenues was 7.3 , 8.1 and 8.7 in fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. 
 
 Employee compensation and related costs were 1.6 billion, 1.2 billion and 1.1 billion in fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively, representing 81 , 75 and 72 of SG A costs in those years. These costs increased 31 in 2021 and 13 in 2020. Our homebuilding operations employed 8,429, 7,281 and 6,810 people at September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. 
 
 We attempt to control our SG A costs while ensuring that our infrastructure adequately supports our operations; however, we cannot make assurances that we will be able to maintain or improve upon the current SG A expense as a percentage of revenues. 
 
 Interest Incurred 
 
 We capitalize interest costs incurred to inventory during active development and construction (active inventory). Capitalized interest is charged to cost of sales as the related inventory is delivered to the buyer. Interest incurred by our homebuilding operations was 93.6 million, 93.0 million and 104.7 million in fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. Interest charged to cost of sales was 0.7 , 0.8 and 0.9 of total cost of sales (excluding inventory and land option charges) in those years. 
 
 Other Income 
 
 Other income, net of other expenses, included in our homebuilding operations was 10.3 million, 11.7 million and 9.5 million in fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. Other income consists of interest income and various other types of ancillary income, gains, expenses and losses not directly associated with sales of homes, land and lots. The activities that result in this ancillary income are not significant, either individually or in the aggregate. 
 
 Business Acquisition 
 
 In October 2020, we acquired the homebuilding operations of Braselton Homes in Corpus Christi, Texas for approximately 23.0 million in cash. The assets acquired included approximately 90 homes in inventory, 95 lots and control of approximately 840 additional lots through purchase contracts. We also acquired a sales order backlog of approximately 125 homes. 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 Homebuilding Results by Reporting Region 
 Year Ended September 30, Homebuilding Revenues Homebuilding Pre-tax Income (1) Pre-tax Income as a Percentage of Homebuilding Revenues 2021 2020 2019 2021 2020 2019 2021 2020 2019 (In millions) Northwest 2,516.6 1,953.4 1,721.5 510.8 264.5 222.9 20.3 13.5 12.9 Southwest 4,071.0 3,230.3 3,050.8 653.1 366.1 284.5 16.0 11.3 9.3 South Central 6,111.2 4,625.9 3,944.0 1,150.2 714.9 527.6 18.8 15.5 13.4 Southeast 7,079.6 4,871.5 4,023.5 1,371.9 709.5 477.8 19.4 14.6 11.9 East 4,459.0 3,410.1 3,081.2 795.1 484.3 361.9 17.8 14.2 11.7 North 2,340.2 1,550.3 1,195.9 331.7 126.2 36.0 14.2 8.1 3.0 26,577.6 19,641.5 17,016.9 4,812.8 2,665.5 1,910.7 18.1 13.6 11.2 
 ________ 
 (1) Expenses maintained at the corporate level consist primarily of interest and property taxes, which are capitalized and amortized to cost of sales or expensed directly, and the expenses related to operating our corporate office. The amortization of capitalized interest and property taxes is allocated to each segment based on the segment s cost of sales, while expenses associated with the corporate office are allocated to each segment based on the segment s inventory balances. 
 
 2021 versus 2020 
 
 Northwest Region Homebuilding revenues increased 29 in fiscal 2021 compared to fiscal 2020, primarily due to increases in the number of homes closed in our Denver, Salt Lake City and Seattle markets as well as an increase in the average selling price. The region generated pre-tax income of 510.8 million in 2021 compared to 264.5 million in 2020. Gross profit from home sales as a percentage of home sales revenue (home sales gross profit percentage) increased by 620 basis points in 2021 compared to 2020, primarily due to the average selling price of homes closed increasing by more than the average cost of those homes. As a percentage of homebuilding revenues, SG A expenses decreased by 60 basis points in 2021 compared to 2020, primarily due to the increase in homebuilding revenues. 
 
 Southwest Region Homebuilding revenues increased 26 in fiscal 2021 compared to fiscal 2020, primarily due to increases in the number of homes closed in our California and Phoenix markets. The region generated pre-tax income of 653.1 million in 2021 compared to 366.1 million in 2020. Home sales gross profit percentage increased by 380 basis points in 2021 compared to 2020, primarily due to the average selling price of homes closed increasing by more than the average cost of those homes. As a percentage of homebuilding revenues, SG A expenses decreased by 100 basis points in 2021 compared to 2020, primarily due to the increase in homebuilding revenues. 
 
 South Central Region Homebuilding revenues increased 32 in fiscal 2021 compared to fiscal 2020, primarily due to increases in the number of homes closed in our Houston, Dallas and Austin markets. The region generated pre-tax income of 1.2 billion in 2021 compared to 714.9 million in 2020. Home sales gross profit percentage increased by 260 basis points in 2021 compared to 2020, primarily due to the average selling price of homes closed increasing by more than the average cost of those homes. As a percentage of homebuilding revenues, SG A expenses decreased by 70 basis points in 2021 compared to 2020, primarily due to the increase in homebuilding revenues. 
 
 Southeast Region Homebuilding revenues increased 45 in fiscal 2021 compared to fiscal 2020, primarily due to increases in the number of homes closed in all of our markets. The region generated pre-tax income of 1.4 billion in 2021 compared to 709.5 million in 2020. Home sales gross profit percentage increased by 390 basis points in 2021 compared to 2020, primarily due to the average selling price of homes closed increasing by more than the average cost of those homes. As a percentage of homebuilding revenues, SG A expenses decreased by 100 basis points in 2021 compared to 2020, primarily due to the increase in homebuilding revenues. 
 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 East Region Homebuilding revenues increased 31 in fiscal 2021 compared to fiscal 2020, primarily due to increases in the average selling price of homes closed in all markets. The region generated pre-tax income of 795.1 million in 2021 compared to 484.3 million in 2020. Home sales gross profit percentage increased by 290 basis points in 2021 compared to 2020, primarily due to the average selling price of homes closed increasing by more than the average cost of those homes. As a percentage of homebuilding revenues, SG A expenses decreased by 70 basis points in 2021 compared to 2020, primarily due to the increase in homebuilding revenues. 
 
 North Region Homebuilding revenues increased 51 in fiscal 2021 compared to fiscal 2020, primarily due to increases in the number of homes closed in our Indianapolis and Delaware markets. The region generated pre-tax income of 331.7 million in 2021 compared to 126.2 million in 2020. Home sales gross profit percentage increased by 490 basis points in 2021 compared to 2020, primarily due to the average selling price of homes closed increasing by more than the average cost of those homes. As a percentage of homebuilding revenues, SG A expenses decreased by 110 basis points in 2021 compared to 2020, primarily due to the increase in homebuilding revenues. 
 
 2020 versus 2019 
 
 Northwest Region Homebuilding revenues increased 13 in fiscal 2020 compared to fiscal 2019, primarily due to increases in the number of homes closed in our Denver and Portland markets. The region generated pre-tax income of 264.5 million in 2020 compared to 222.9 million in 2019. Home sales gross profit percentage decreased by 20 basis points in 2020 compared to 2019, primarily due to the average selling price of homes closed decreasing by more than the average cost of those homes. As a percentage of homebuilding revenues, SG A expenses decreased by 40 basis points in 2020 compared to 2019, primarily due to the increase in homebuilding revenues. 
 
 Southwest Region Homebuilding revenues increased 6 in fiscal 2020 compared to fiscal 2019, primarily due to increases in the number of homes closed in most of our markets. The region generated pre-tax income of 366.1 million in 2020 compared to 284.5 million in 2019. Home sales gross profit percentage increased by 60 basis points in 2020 compared to 2019, primarily due to the average cost of homes closed decreasing by more than the average selling price. The region also benefited from lower inventory and land option charges, which were 3.5 million in 2020 compared to 18.6 million in 2019. As a percentage of homebuilding revenues, SG A expenses decreased by 60 basis points in 2020 compared to 2019, primarily due to the increase in homebuilding revenues. 
 
 South Central Region Homebuilding revenues increased 17 in fiscal 2020 compared to fiscal 2019, primarily due to increases in the number of homes closed in our Houston, Dallas and San Antonio markets. The region generated pre-tax income of 714.9 million in 2020 compared to 527.6 million in 2019. Home sales gross profit percentage increased by 140 basis points in 2020 compared to 2019, primarily due to an increase in the average selling price of homes closed while the average cost of those homes decreased. As a percentage of homebuilding revenues, SG A expenses decreased by 60 basis points in 2020 compared to 2019, primarily due to the increase in homebuilding revenues. 
 
 Southeast Region Homebuilding revenues increased 21 in fiscal 2020 compared to fiscal 2019, primarily due to increases in the number of homes closed in all of our markets. The region generated pre-tax income of 709.5 million in 2020 compared to 477.8 million in 2019. Home sales gross profit percentage increased by 210 basis points in 2020 compared to 2019, primarily due to the average selling price of homes closed increasing by more than the average cost of those homes. As a percentage of homebuilding revenues, SG A expenses decreased by 50 basis points in 2020 compared to 2019, primarily due to the increase in homebuilding revenues. 
 
 East Region Homebuilding revenues increased 11 in fiscal 2020 compared to fiscal 2019, primarily due to increases in the average selling price of homes closed in our Myrtle Beach, Knoxville and Charlotte markets. The region generated pre-tax income of 484.3 million in 2020 compared to 361.9 million in 2019. Home sales gross profit percentage increased by 210 basis points in 2020 compared to 2019, primarily due to an increase in the average selling price of homes closed while the average cost of those homes decreased. As a percentage of homebuilding revenues, SG A expenses decreased by 30 basis points in 2020 compared to 2019, primarily due to the increase in homebuilding revenues. 
 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 North Region Homebuilding revenues increased 30 in fiscal 2020 compared to fiscal 2019, primarily due to increases in the number of homes closed in our Delaware, Iowa, Indianapolis and New Jersey markets. The region generated pre-tax income of 126.2 million in 2020 compared to 36.0 million in 2019. Home sales gross profit percentage increased by 380 basis points in 2020 compared to 2019, primarily due to an increase in the average selling price of homes closed while the average cost of those homes decreased. As a percentage of homebuilding revenues, SG A expenses decreased by 130 basis points in 2020 compared to 2019, primarily due to the increase in homebuilding revenues. 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 Homebuilding Inventories, Land and Lot Position and Homes in Inventory 
 
 We routinely enter into contracts to purchase land or developed residential lots at predetermined prices on a defined schedule commensurate with planned development or anticipated new home demand. At the time of purchase, the undeveloped land is generally vested with the rights to begin development or construction work, and we plan and coordinate the development of our land into residential lots for use in our homebuilding business. We manage our inventory of owned land and lots and homes under construction relative to demand in each of our markets, including starting construction on unsold homes to capture new home demand and actively controlling the number of unsold, completed homes in inventory. 
 
 Our homebuilding segment s inventories at September 30, 2021 and 2020 are summarized as follows: 
 September 30, 2021 Construction in Progress and Finished Homes Residential Land/Lots Developed and Under Development Land Held for Development Land Held for Sale Total Inventory (In millions) Northwest 609.6 685.4 12.5 1,307.5 Southwest 1,113.5 1,315.8 6.9 9.4 2,445.6 South Central 1,977.4 1,501.5 0.4 3,479.3 Southeast 2,002.4 1,160.1 16.1 3,178.6 East 1,124.6 792.3 1.3 1.4 1,919.6 North 901.4 460.4 5.3 1.8 1,368.9 Corporate and unallocated (1) 
 119.1 88.5 0.4 0.3 208.3 7,848.0 6,004.0 30.4 25.4 13,907.8 
 
 September 30, 2020 Construction in Progress and Finished Homes Residential Land/Lots Developed and Under Development Land Held for Development Land Held for Sale Total Inventory (In millions) Northwest 573.3 410.8 0.5 984.6 Southwest 973.7 1,063.5 7.3 18.8 2,063.3 South Central 1,434.6 1,141.7 0.3 1.0 2,577.6 Southeast 1,445.9 1,170.7 31.7 0.6 2,648.9 East 917.5 615.6 0.9 6.2 1,540.2 North 570.6 398.5 7.0 0.8 976.9 Corporate and unallocated (1) 
 121.9 100.6 0.6 0.4 223.5 6,037.5 4,901.4 47.8 28.3 11,015.0 
 _____________ 
 (1) Corporate and unallocated inventory consists primarily of capitalized interest and property taxes. 

41 

Table of Contents 

 Our land and lot position and homes in inventory at September 30, 2021 and 2020 are summarized as follows: 
 
 September 30, 2021 Land/Lots 
 Owned (1) 
 Lots Controlled Through Land and Lot Purchase Contracts (2)(3) Total Land/Lots Owned and Controlled Homes in 
 Inventory (4) 
 Northwest 9,000 31,400 40,400 2,600 Southwest 22,800 34,300 57,100 5,500 South Central 42,800 79,000 121,800 14,000 Southeast 26,700 125,500 152,200 13,600 East 17,300 83,100 100,400 7,300 North 9,200 49,200 58,400 4,800 127,800 402,500 530,300 47,800 24 76 100 
 
 September 30, 2020 Land/Lots 
 Owned (1) 
 Lots Controlled Through Land and Lot Purchase Contracts (2)(3) Total Land/Lots Owned and Controlled Homes in 
 Inventory (4) 
 Northwest 5,000 21,300 26,300 2,500 Southwest 21,300 19,800 41,100 4,500 South Central 35,400 57,400 92,800 11,300 Southeast 29,100 84,700 113,800 10,200 East 12,200 54,800 67,000 6,400 North 9,600 26,300 35,900 3,100 112,600 264,300 376,900 38,000 30 70 100 
 ________________________ 
 (1) Land/lots owned included approximately 30,800 and 33,800 owned lots that are fully developed and ready for home construction at September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Land/lots owned also included land held for development representing 1,300 and 1,600 lots at September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 (2) The total remaining purchase price of lots controlled through land and lot purchase contracts at September 30, 2021 and 2020 was 15.5 billion and 9.9 billion, respectively, secured by earnest money deposits of 1.1 billion and 653.4 million, respectively. The total remaining purchase price of lots controlled through land and lot purchase contracts at September 30, 2021 and 2020 included 1.6 billion and 1.0 billion, respectively, related to lot purchase contracts with Forestar, secured by 151.0 million and 98.2 million, respectively, of earnest money. 
 (3) Lots controlled at September 30, 2021 included approximately 39,200 lots owned or controlled by Forestar, 21,000 of which our homebuilding divisions have under contract to purchase and 18,200 of which our homebuilding divisions have a right of first offer to purchase. Of these, approximately 17,800 lots were in our Southeast region, 6,500 lots were in our East region, 5,400 lots were in our Southwest region, 4,600 lots were in our South Central region, 3,400 lots were in our North region and 1,500 lots were in our Northwest region. Lots controlled at September 30, 2020 included approximately 30,400 lots owned or controlled by Forestar, 14,000 of which our homebuilding divisions had under contract to purchase and 16,400 of which our homebuilding divisions had a right of first offer to purchase. 
 (4) Approximately 21,700 and 14,900 of our homes in inventory were unsold at September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively. At September 30, 2021, approximately 900 of our unsold homes were completed, of which approximately 100 homes had been completed for more than six months. At September 30, 2020, approximately 1,900 of our unsold homes were completed, of which approximately 300 homes had been completed for more than six months. Homes in inventory exclude approximately 1,800 model homes at both September 30, 2021 and 2020. 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 Results of Operations Forestar 
 
 In fiscal 2018, we acquired 75 of the outstanding shares of Forestar and at September 30, 2021, we owned 63 of its outstanding shares. Forestar is a publicly traded residential lot development company with operations in 56 markets across 23 states as of September 30, 2021. Forestar s segment results are presented on their historical cost basis, consistent with the manner in which management evaluates segment performance. (See Note B to the accompanying financial statements for additional Forestar segment information.) 
 
 Results of operations for the Forestar segment for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020 were as follows: 
 Year Ended September 30, 2021 2020 (In millions) Residential lot sales 1,293.1 880.3 Tract sales and other 32.7 51.5 Total revenues 1,325.8 931.8 Cost of sales 1,096.6 813.7 Selling, general and administrative expense 68.4 45.7 Gain on sale of assets (2.5) (0.1) Loss on extinguishment of debt 18.1 Other (income) expense (1.4) (5.6) Income before income taxes 146.6 78.1 
 
 Residential land and lot sales primarily consist of the sale of single-family lots to local, regional and national homebuilders. During fiscal 2021 and 2020, Forestar s land and lot sales, including the portion sold to D.R. Horton and the revenues generated from those sales, were as follows: 
 Year Ended September 30, 2021 2020 in millions) Total residential single-family lots sold 15,915 10,373 Residential single-family lots sold to D.R. Horton 14,839 10,164 Residential lot sales revenues from sales to D.R. Horton 1,206.5 861.8 Tract acres sold to D.R. Horton 85 143 Tract sales revenues from sales to D.R. Horton 25.9 25.6 
 
 SG A expense for fiscal 2021 and 2020 included charges of 4.0 million and 5.0 million, respectively, related to the shared services agreement between Forestar and D.R. Horton whereby D.R. Horton provides Forestar with certain administrative, compliance, operational and procurement services. 
 
 Loss on extinguishment of debt of 18.1 million in fiscal 2021 was due to Forestar s redemption of its 350 million principal amount of 8.0 senior notes due 2024 in May 2021. 
 
 At September 30, 2021, Forestar owned directly or controlled through land and lot purchase contracts 97,000 residential lots, of which approximately 5,300 are fully developed. Approximately 39,200 of these lots are under contract to sell to D.R. Horton or subject to a right of first offer under the master supply agreement with D.R. Horton. Approximately 800 of these lots are under contract to sell to other builders. 
 43 

Table of Contents 

 Results of Operations Financial Services 
 
 The following tables and related discussion set forth key operating and financial data for our financial services operations, comprising DHI Mortgage and our subsidiary title companies, for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020. 
 
 Year Ended September 30, 2021 2020 Change Number of first-lien loans originated or brokered by DHI Mortgage for D.R. Horton homebuyers 54,694 44,600 23 Number of homes closed by D.R. Horton 81,965 65,388 25 Percentage of D.R. Horton homes financed by DHI Mortgage 67 68 Number of total loans originated or brokered by DHI Mortgage for D.R. Horton homebuyers 54,767 44,738 22 Total number of loans originated or brokered by DHI Mortgage 56,054 46,010 22 Captive business percentage 98 97 Loans sold by DHI Mortgage to third parties 54,977 44,423 24 

Year Ended September 30, 2021 2020 Change (In millions) Loan origination and other fees 48.1 39.5 22 Gains on sale of mortgage loans and mortgage servicing rights 619.1 437.2 42 Servicing income 3.6 Total mortgage operations revenues 670.8 476.7 41 Title policy premiums 152.8 108.2 41 Total revenues 823.6 584.9 41 General and administrative expense 488.3 364.7 34 Other (income) expense (29.3) (25.0) 17 Financial services pre-tax income 364.6 245.2 49 
 
 Financial Services Operating Margin Analysis 
 Percentages of Financial Services Revenues Year Ended September 30, 2021 2020 General and administrative expense 59.3 62.4 Other (income) expense (3.6) (4.3) Financial services pre-tax income 44.3 41.9 
 
 44 

Table of Contents 

 Mortgage Loan Activity 
 
 The volume of loans originated by our mortgage operations is directly related to the number of homes closed by our homebuilding operations. In fiscal 2021, the volume of first-lien loans originated or brokered by DHI Mortgage for our homebuyers increased 23 from the prior year due to a 25 increase in the number of homes closed by our homebuilding operations. 
 
 Homes closed by our homebuilding operations constituted 98 and 97 of DHI Mortgage loan originations in fiscal 2021 and 2020, respectively. These percentages reflect DHI Mortgage s consistent focus on the captive business provided by our homebuilding operations. 
 
 The number of loans sold increased 24 in fiscal 2021 compared to the prior year. Virtually all of the mortgage loans held for sale on September 30, 2021 were eligible for sale to Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac or Ginnie Mae. During fiscal 2021, approximately 52 of our mortgage loans were sold directly to Fannie Mae or into securities backed by Ginnie Mae, and 41 were sold to two other major financial entities. Changes in market conditions could result in a greater concentration of our mortgage sales in future periods to fewer financial entities and directly to Fannie Mae or Ginnie Mae, and we may need to make other adjustments to our mortgage operations. 
 
 Financial Services Revenues and Expenses 
 
 Revenues from our mortgage operations increased 41 to 670.8 million in fiscal 2021 from 476.7 million in fiscal 2020, primarily due to a 22 increase in loan originations and higher net gains achieved on the sale of loan originations in the secondary market. Revenues from our title operations increased 41 to 152.8 million in fiscal 2021 from 108.2 million in fiscal 2020, primarily due to a 30 increase in escrow closings. 
 
 General and administrative (G A) expense related to our financial services operations increased 34 to 488.3 million in fiscal 2021 from 364.7 million in the prior year. The increase was primarily due to an increase in employee related costs to support a higher volume of transactions. Our financial services operations employed 2,891 and 2,163 people at September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 As a percentage of financial services revenues, G A expense was 59.3 in fiscal 2021 compared to 62.4 in the prior year. Fluctuations in financial services G A expense as a percentage of revenues can occur because some components of revenue fluctuate differently than loan volumes, and some expenses are not directly related to mortgage loan volume or to changes in the amount of revenue earned. 
 
 Other income, net of other expense, included in our financial services operations consists primarily of the interest income of our mortgage subsidiary. 
 
 As a result of the revenue increase from a higher volume of mortgage originations and escrow closings and better leverage of our G A expenses, pre-tax income from our financial services operations increased 49 to 364.6 million in fiscal 2021 from 245.2 million in fiscal 2020. 
 45 

Table of Contents 

 Results of Operations Rental 
 
 Our rental segment consists of multi-family and single-family rental operations. The multi-family rental operations develop, construct, lease, own and ultimately sell the residential properties. We primarily focus on constructing garden style multi-family rental communities, which typically accommodate 200 to 400 dwelling units, in high growth suburban markets. The single-family rental operations construct single-family rental homes with the intent to later market the community for a bulk sale of homes. Multi-family and single-family rental property sales are recognized as revenues, and rental income is recognized as other income. Results of operations for the rental segment for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020 were as follows: 
 
 Year Ended September 30, 2021 2020 (In millions) Revenues Single-family rental 75.9 Multi-family rental 191.9 128.5 Total revenues 267.8 128.5 Cost of sales Single-family rental 42.4 Multi-family rental 119.1 69.0 Total cost of sales 161.5 69.0 Selling, general and administrative expense 44.6 27.8 Other (income) expense (24.8) (8.1) Income before income taxes 86.5 39.8 
 
 During fiscal 2021, we sold three multi-family rental properties for 191.9 million (960 total units) compared to two properties (540 total units) in fiscal 2020 for 128.5 million. During fiscal 2021, we sold three single-family rental properties (260 total homes) for 75.9 million. There were no bulk sales of single-family rental properties in fiscal 2020. 
 
 At September 30, 2021, our rental property inventory of 840.9 million included 425.1 million of assets related to our multi-family rental operations and 415.8 million of assets related to our single-family rental operations. At September 30, 2021, we had 15 multi-family rental properties under active construction and one community that was substantially complete and in the lease-up phase. These 16 communities represent 4,690 multi-family units, including 4,340 units under active construction and 350 completed units. At September 30, 2021, our single-family rental properties (55 total communities) included 2,650 homes and finished lots, of which 865 homes were completed. 
 
 At September 30, 2020, our rental property inventory of 316.0 million included 229.9 million of assets related to our multi-family rental operations and 86.1 million of assets related to our single-family rental operations. At September 30, 2020, we had five multi-family rental properties under active construction and one community that was substantially complete and in the lease-up phase. These six communities represent 1,730 multi-family units, including 1,430 units under active construction and 300 completed units. At September 30, 2020, our single-family rental properties (10 total communities) included 740 homes and finished lots, of which 440 homes were completed. 
 46 

Table of Contents 

 Results of Operations Other Businesses 
 
 In addition to our homebuilding, Forestar, financial services and rental operations, we engage in other business activities through our subsidiaries. We conduct insurance-related operations, own non-residential real estate including ranch land and improvements and own and operate energy related assets. The pre-tax income of all of our subsidiaries engaged in other business activities was 32.7 million in fiscal 2021 compared to 14.8 million in fiscal 2020. 

Results of Operations Consolidated 
 
 Income before Income Taxes 
 
 Pre-tax income was 5.4 billion in fiscal 2021 compared to 3.0 billion in fiscal 2020. The increase was primarily due to an increase in pre-tax income generated by our homebuilding operations as a result of higher revenues from increased home closings and an increase in home sales gross margin. In fiscal 2021, our homebuilding, financial services, Forestar and rental businesses generated pre-tax income of 4.8 billion, 364.6 million, 146.6 million and 86.5 million, respectively, compared to 2.7 billion, 245.2 million, 78.1 million and 39.8 million, respectively, in fiscal 2020. 
 
 Income Taxes 
 
 Our income tax expense was 1.2 billion and 602.5 million in fiscal 2021 and 2020, respectively, and our effective tax rate was 21.8 and 20.2 in those years. The effective tax rates in fiscal 2021 and 2020 include an expense for state income taxes, tax benefits related to stock-based compensation and a reduction of 2.2 and 3.1 , respectively, for tax benefits related to the federal energy efficient homes tax credit. Our effective tax rate for fiscal 2020 also includes a reduction of 0.4 for a tax benefit related to the release of a valuation allowance against our state deferred tax assets. 
 
 Our deferred tax assets, net of deferred tax liabilities, were 159.5 million at September 30, 2021 compared to 152.4 million at September 30, 2020. We have a valuation allowance of 4.2 million and 7.5 million at September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively, related to state deferred tax assets for net operating loss (NOL) carryforwards that are more likely than not to expire before being realized. We will continue to evaluate both the positive and negative evidence in determining the need for a valuation allowance with respect to our remaining state NOL carryforwards. Any reversal of the valuation allowance in future periods will impact our effective tax rate. 
 
 D.R. Horton has 10.3 million of tax benefits for state NOL carryforwards that expire at various times depending on the tax jurisdiction. Of the total amount, 2.9 million of the tax benefits expire over the next ten years and the remaining 7.4 million expire from fiscal years 2032 to 2041. Forestar has 1.4 million of tax benefits for state NOL carryforwards that expire at various times depending on the tax jurisdiction. 
 
 The accounting for deferred taxes is based upon estimates of future results. Differences between the anticipated and actual outcomes of these future results could have a material impact on our consolidated results of operations or financial position. Also, changes in existing federal and state tax laws and tax rates could affect future tax results and the valuation of our deferred tax assets. 
 
 Unrecognized tax benefits are the differences between tax positions taken or expected to be taken in a tax return and the benefits recognized in our financial statements. Our unrecognized tax benefits totaled 2.9 million and 8.9 million at September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 D.R. Horton is subject to federal income tax and state income tax in multiple jurisdictions. The statute of limitations for D.R. Horton s major tax jurisdictions remains open for examination for fiscal years 2018 through 2021. A federal refund claim related to the retroactive extension of energy efficient homes tax credits for fiscal year 2018 is currently under audit by the Internal Revenue Service. D.R. Horton is under audit by various states, however, we are not aware of any significant findings by the state taxing authorities. 
 
 Forestar is subject to federal income tax and state income tax in multiple jurisdictions. The statute of limitations for Forestar s major tax jurisdictions remains open for examination for tax years 2016 through 2021. Forestar is not currently under audit for federal or state income taxes. 
 47 

Table of Contents 

 Capital Resources and Liquidity 
 
 We have historically funded our operations with cash flows from operating activities, borrowings under bank credit facilities and the issuance of new debt securities. Our current levels of cash, borrowing capacity and balance sheet leverage provide us with the operational flexibility to adjust to changes in economic and market conditions. 
 
 During fiscal 2021 and currently, we have and continue to increase our investments in homebuilding inventories and single-family and multi-family rental properties to expand our operations and grow our revenues and profitability, as well as consider opportunistic strategic investments as they may arise. We are also returning capital to our shareholders through dividend payments and repurchases of our common stock. In the last two fiscal years, we have maintained higher homebuilding cash balances than in prior years to support the increased scale and level of activity in our business and to provide flexibility to adjust to changing conditions and opportunities. 
 
 At September 30, 2021, our ratio of debt to total capital (notes payable divided by stockholders equity plus notes payable) was 26.7 compared to 26.6 at September 30, 2020. Our ratio of homebuilding debt to total capital (homebuilding notes payable divided by stockholders equity plus homebuilding notes payable) was 17.8 compared to 17.5 at September 30, 2020. Over the long term, we intend to maintain our ratio of homebuilding debt to total capital below 30 , and we expect it to remain significantly lower than 30 throughout fiscal 2022. We believe that the ratio of homebuilding debt to total capital is useful in understanding the leverage employed in our homebuilding operations and comparing our capital structure with other homebuilders. We exclude the debt of Forestar and our financial services business because they are separately capitalized and not guaranteed by our parent company or any of our homebuilding entities. 
 
 As of September 30, 2021, we had outstanding notes payable with varying maturities totaling an aggregate principal amount of 5.4 billion, with 1.9 billion payable within 12 months. Future interest payments associated with the notes total 451.4 million, with 156.4 million payable within 12 months. 
 
 At September 30, 2021, we had outstanding letters of credit of 247.4 million and surety bonds of 2.3 billion, issued by third parties to secure performance under various contracts. We expect that our performance obligations secured by these letters of credit and bonds will generally be completed in the ordinary course of business and in accordance with the applicable contractual terms. When we complete our performance obligations, the related letters of credit and bonds are generally released shortly thereafter, leaving us with no continuing obligations. We have no material third-party guarantees. 
 
 We regularly assess our projected capital requirements to fund growth in our business, repay debt obligations, pay dividends, repurchase our common stock and maintain sufficient cash levels to support our other operational needs, and we regularly evaluate our opportunities to raise additional capital. D.R. Horton has an automatically effective universal shelf registration statement filed with the SEC in July 2021, registering debt and equity securities that may be issued from time to time in amounts to be determined. Forestar also has an effective shelf registration statement filed with the SEC in September 2018, registering 500 million of equity securities. At September 30, 2021, 359.9 million remained available under Forestar s shelf registration statement, of which 65.6 million was reserved for sales under its at-the-market equity offering program. In October 2021, after the expiration of Forestar s existing registration statement and at-the-market equity offering program, a new shelf registration statement became effective, registering 750 million of equity securities. Forestar anticipates entering into a new at-the-market equity offering program under this new registration statement. As market conditions permit, we may issue new debt or equity securities through the capital markets or obtain additional bank financing to fund our projected capital requirements or provide additional liquidity. We believe that our existing cash resources, revolving credit facilities, mortgage repurchase facility and ability to access the capital markets or obtain additional bank financing will provide sufficient liquidity to fund our near-term working capital needs and debt obligations. 
 
 Capital Resources - Homebuilding 
 
 Cash and Cash Equivalents At September 30, 2021, cash and cash equivalents of our homebuilding segment totaled 3.0 billion. 
 
 48 

Table of Contents 

 Bank Credit Facilities In April 2021, our senior unsecured homebuilding revolving credit facility was amended to increase its capacity to 2.19 billion with an uncommitted accordion feature that could increase the size of the facility to 3.0 billion, subject to certain conditions and availability of additional bank commitments. The maturity date of the facility was extended to April 20, 2026. The facility also provides for the issuance of letters of credit with a sublimit equal to 100 of the revolving credit commitment. Letters of credit issued under the facility reduce the available borrowing capacity. The interest rate on borrowings under the revolving credit facility may be based on either the Prime Rate or London Interbank Offered Rate (LIBOR) plus an applicable margin, as defined in the credit agreement governing the facility. At September 30, 2021, there were no borrowings outstanding and 187.1 million of letters of credit issued under the revolving credit facility, resulting in available capacity of 2.0 billion. 
 
 Our 375 million 364-day senior unsecured homebuilding revolving credit facility was not renewed upon its maturity in May 2021. 
 
 Our homebuilding revolving credit facility imposes restrictions on our operations and activities, including requiring the maintenance of a maximum allowable leverage ratio and a borrowing base restriction if our leverage ratio exceeds a certain level. These covenants are measured as defined in the credit agreement governing the facility and are reported to the lenders quarterly. A failure to comply with these financial covenants could allow the lending banks to terminate the availability of funds under the revolving credit facility or cause any outstanding borrowings to become due and payable prior to maturity. The credit agreement governing the facility imposes restrictions on the creation of secured debt and liens. At September 30, 2021, we were in compliance with all of the covenants, limitations and restrictions of our homebuilding revolving credit facility. 
 
 Public Unsecured Debt We have 3.15 billion principal amount of homebuilding senior notes outstanding as of September 30, 2021 that mature from September 2022 through October 2027. In October 2020, we issued 500 million principal amount of 1.4 senior notes due October 15, 2027, with interest payable semi-annually. The annual effective interest rate of these notes after giving effect to the amortization of the discount and financing costs is 1.6 . In December 2020, we repaid 400 million principal amount of our 2.55 senior notes at maturity. In August 2021, we issued 600 million principal amount of 1.3 senior notes due October 15, 2026, with interest payable semi-annually. The annual effective interest rate of these notes after giving effect to the amortization of the discount and financing costs is 1.5 . The indentures governing our senior notes impose restrictions on the creation of secured debt and liens. At September 30, 2021, we were in compliance with all of the limitations and restrictions associated with our public debt obligations. 
 
 Debt and Stock Repurchase Authorizations In July 2019, our Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of up to 500 million of debt securities. In April 2021, our Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of up to 1.0 billion of our common stock, replacing the prior authorization. During fiscal 2021, we repurchased 10.4 million shares of our common stock for 874.0 million. At September 30, 2021, the full amount of the debt repurchase authorization was remaining, and 546.2 million of the stock repurchase authorization was remaining. These authorizations have no expiration date. 
 
 Capital Resources - Forestar 
 
 The achievement of Forestar s long-term growth objectives will depend on its ability to obtain financing in sufficient capacities. As market conditions permit, Forestar may issue new debt or equity securities through the capital markets or obtain additional bank financing to provide capital for future growth and additional liquidity. At September 30, 2021, Forestar s ratio of debt to total capital (notes payable divided by stockholders equity plus notes payable) was 41.0 compared to 42.4 at September 30, 2020. Forestar s ratio of net debt to total capital (notes payable net of cash divided by stockholders equity plus notes payable net of cash) was 35.2 compared to 22.1 at September 30, 2020. 
 
 Cash and Cash Equivalents At September 30, 2021, Forestar had cash and cash equivalents of 153.6 million. 
 
 Bank Credit Facility In April 2021, Forestar s senior unsecured revolving credit facility was amended to increase its capacity to 410 million with an uncommitted accordion feature that could increase the size of the facility to 600 million, subject to certain conditions and availability of additional bank commitments. The maturity date of the facility was extended to April 16, 2025. The facility also provides for the issuance of letters of credit with a sublimit 
 49 

Table of Contents 

 equal to the greater of 100 million and 50 of the revolving credit commitment. Borrowings under the revolving credit facility are subject to a borrowing base calculation based on Forestar s book value of its real estate assets and unrestricted cash. Letters of credit issued under the facility reduce the available borrowing capacity. Borrowings and repayments under the facility totaled 58.0 million each during fiscal 2021. At September 30, 2021, there were no borrowings outstanding and 60.3 million of letters of credit issued under the revolving credit facility, resulting in available capacity of 349.7 million. 
 
 The Forestar revolving credit facility includes customary affirmative and negative covenants, events of default and financial covenants. The financial covenants require Forestar to maintain a minimum level of tangible net worth, a minimum level of liquidity and a maximum allowable leverage ratio. These covenants are measured as defined in the credit agreement governing the facility and are reported to the lenders quarterly. A failure to comply with these financial covenants could allow the lending banks to terminate the availability of funds under the revolving credit facility or cause any outstanding borrowings to become due and payable prior to maturity. 
 
 Unsecured Debt As of September 30, 2021, Forestar had 700 million principal amount of senior notes issued pursuant to Rule 144A and Regulation S under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, which represent unsecured obligations of Forestar. These notes include 400 million principal amount of 3.85 senior notes issued in April 2021 that mature May 15, 2026 with interest payable semiannually. The annual effective interest rate of the notes after giving effect to the amortization of financing costs is 4.1 . The net proceeds from this issuance were primarily used to redeem Forestar s 350 million principal amount of 8.0 senior notes due 2024 in May 2021. The redemption price of 365.6 million included a call premium of 14.0 million and accrued and unpaid interest of 1.6 million. Forestar recognized an 18.1 million loss on extinguishment of debt upon redemption of the notes. Forestar also has 300 million principal amount of 5.0 senior notes that mature March 1, 2028. The annual effective interest rate of the notes after giving effect to the amortization of financing costs is 5.2 . Forestar s senior notes may be redeemed prior to maturity, subject to certain limitations and premiums defined in the indenture agreements. 
 
 Forestar s revolving credit facility and its senior notes are not guaranteed by D.R. Horton, Inc. or any of the subsidiaries that guarantee our homebuilding debt. At September 30, 2021, Forestar was in compliance with all of the covenants, limitations and restrictions of its revolving credit facility and senior note obligations. 
 
 Debt Repurchase Authorization Effective April 30, 2020, Forestar s Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of up to 30 million of Forestar s debt securities. All of the 30 million authorization was remaining at September 30, 2021, and the authorization has no expiration date. 
 
 Issuance of Common Stock During fiscal 2021, Forestar issued 1.4 million shares of common stock under its at-the-market equity offering program for proceeds of 33.4 million, net of commissions and other issuance costs. At September 30, 2021, 359.9 million remained available for issuance under Forestar s shelf registration statement, of which 65.6 million was reserved for sales under its at-the-market equity offering program. In October 2021, after the expiration of Forestar s existing registration statement and at-the-market equity offering program, a new shelf registration statement became effective, registering 750 million of equity securities. Forestar anticipates entering into a new at-the-market equity offering program under this new registration statement. 
 
 Capital Resources - Financial Services 
 
 Cash and Cash Equivalents At September 30, 2021, cash and cash equivalents of our financial services operations totaled 79.0 million. 
 
 Mortgage Repurchase Facility Our mortgage subsidiary, DHI Mortgage, has a mortgage repurchase facility that provides financing and liquidity to DHI Mortgage by facilitating purchase transactions in which DHI Mortgage transfers eligible loans to the counterparties upon receipt of funds from the counterparties. DHI Mortgage then has the right and obligation to repurchase the purchased loans upon their sale to third-party purchasers in the secondary market or within specified time frames from 45 to 60 days in accordance with the terms of the mortgage repurchase facility. The total capacity of the facility is 1.4 billion; however, the capacity automatically increases during certain higher volume periods and can be further increased through additional commitments. The total capacity of the facility at September 30, 2021 was 1.8 billion, and its maturity date is February 18, 2022. 
 
 50 

Table of Contents 

 As of September 30, 2021, 1.9 billion of mortgage loans held for sale with a collateral value of 1.9 billion were pledged under the mortgage repurchase facility. As a result of advance paydowns totaling 362.4 million, DHI Mortgage had an obligation of 1.5 billion outstanding under the mortgage repurchase facility at September 30, 2021 at a 2.1 annual interest rate. 
 
 The mortgage repurchase facility is not guaranteed by D.R. Horton, Inc. or any of the subsidiaries that guarantee our homebuilding debt. The facility contains financial covenants as to the mortgage subsidiary s minimum required tangible net worth, its maximum allowable leverage ratio and its minimum required liquidity. These covenants are measured and reported to the lenders monthly. At September 30, 2021, DHI Mortgage was in compliance with all of the conditions and covenants of the mortgage repurchase facility. 
 
 In the past, DHI Mortgage has been able to renew or extend its mortgage credit facility at a sufficient capacity and on satisfactory terms prior to its maturity and obtain temporary additional commitments through amendments to the credit agreement during periods of higher than normal volumes of mortgages held for sale. The liquidity of our financial services business depends upon its continued ability to renew and extend the mortgage repurchase facility or to obtain other additional financing in sufficient capacities. 
 
 Capital Resources - Rental 
 
 Cash and Cash Equivalents At September 30, 2021, cash and cash equivalents of our rental operations segment totaled 16.8 million. During fiscal 2021, we substantially increased the investment in our rental operations. The inventory in our rental segment totaled 840.9 million at September 30, 2021 compared to 316.0 million at September 30, 2020. To date, we have funded our rental operations with capital from our homebuilding operations. Our rental operations had no debt outstanding at September 30, 2021; however, we are currently exploring debt financing with our banks to fund a portion of the expected future growth. Over the longer term, as our rental operations continue to grow, we plan to evaluate additional capital sources to fund future growth opportunities. 
 
 Operating Cash Flow Activities 
 
 In fiscal 2021, net cash provided by operating activities was 534.4 million compared to 1.4 billion in fiscal 2020. Cash provided by operating activities in the current year consisted of 1.2 billion of cash provided by our homebuilding segment, which was partially offset by cash used in our Forestar, financial services and rental segments. The most significant source of cash provided by operating activities in both periods was net income. 
 
 Cash used to increase construction in progress and finished home inventory was 1.7 billion in fiscal 2021 compared to 739.1 million in fiscal 2020. In both years, the expenditures were made to increase our homes in inventory in response to the strength of homebuyer demand. Cash used to increase residential land and lots was 1.7 billion in fiscal 2021 compared to 324.4 million in fiscal 2020. Of these amounts, 585.6 million and 281.5 million, respectively, related to Forestar. 
 
 During the six months ended September 30, 2021, we increased our single-family and multi-family rental properties by 303.6 million, which is reflected as cash used in operating activities. Prior to the change in presentation of rental operations, as discussed in Note A to the accompanying financial statements, cash activities related to rental properties were presented as investing activities. During the six month period ended March 31, 2021 and in fiscal 2020, expenditures related to rental properties were 173.9 million and 190.3 million, respectively, and are reflected as cash used in investing activities. 
 
 Investing Cash Flow Activities 
 
 In fiscal 2021, net cash used in investing activities was 252.2 million compared to 166.1 million in fiscal 2020. In fiscal 2021, uses of cash included expenditures related to our rental operations totaling 173.9 million, purchases of property and equipment totaling 93.5 million and the acquisition of the homebuilding operations of Braselton Homes for 23.0 million, partially offset by proceeds from the sale of a single-family rental community for 31.8 million in the first quarter of fiscal 2021. In fiscal 2020, uses of cash included expenditures related to our rental operations totaling 190.3 million and purchases of property and equipment totaling 96.5 million, partially offset by proceeds from the sale of assets, primarily consisting of 128.5 million related to the sale of two multi-family rental properties. 
 51 

Table of Contents 

 Financing Cash Flow Activities 
 
 We expect the short-term financing needs of our operations will be funded with existing cash, cash generated from operations and borrowings under our credit facilities. Long-term financing needs for our operations may be funded with the issuance of senior unsecured debt securities or equity securities through the capital markets. 
 
 In fiscal 2021, net cash used in financing activities was 85.1 million, consisting primarily of repayment of 400 million principal amount of our 2.55 homebuilding senior notes at maturity, Forestar s early redemption of its 350 million principal amount of 8.0 senior notes, cash used to repurchase shares of our common stock of 848.4 million and payment of cash dividends totaling 289.3 million. These uses of cash were partially offset by note proceeds from our issuance of 500 million principal amount of 1.4 homebuilding senior notes and 600 million principal amount of 1.3 homebuilding senior notes, Forestar s issuance of 400 million principal amount of 3.85 senior notes and net advances of 362.0 million on our mortgage repurchase facility. 
 
 In fiscal 2020, net cash provided by financing activities was 270.6 million, consisting primarily of note proceeds of 1.1 billion from draws on our homebuilding revolving credit facility, our issuance of 500 million principal amount of 2.5 homebuilding senior notes, our issuance of 500 million principal amount of 2.6 homebuilding senior notes, Forestar s issuance of 300 million principal amount of 5.0 senior notes and net advances of 243.7 million on our mortgage repurchase facility. Note proceeds were partially offset by repayment of amounts drawn on our homebuilding revolving credit facility totaling 1.1 billion, repayment of 500 million principal amount of our 4.0 homebuilding senior notes at maturity, Forestar s repayment of 118.9 million principal amount of its 3.75 convertible senior notes at maturity, cash used to repurchase shares of our common stock of 360.4 million and payment of cash dividends totaling 256.0 million. 
 
 Our Board of Directors approved and paid quarterly cash dividends of 0.20 per common share in fiscal 2021 and 0.175 per common share in fiscal 2020. In October 2021, our Board of Directors approved a quarterly cash dividend of 0.225 per common share, payable on December 15, 2021, to stockholders of record on December 6, 2021. The declaration of future cash dividends is at the discretion of our Board of Directors and will depend upon, among other things, our future earnings, cash flows, capital requirements, financial condition and general business conditions. 
 52 

Table of Contents 

 Supplemental Guarantor Financial Information 
 
 As of September 30, 2021, D.R. Horton, Inc. had 3.15 billion principal amount of homebuilding senior notes outstanding due through October 2027 and no amounts outstanding on its homebuilding revolving credit facility. 
 
 All of the homebuilding senior notes and the homebuilding revolving credit facility are fully and unconditionally guaranteed, on a joint and several basis, by certain subsidiaries of D.R. Horton, Inc. (Guarantors or Guarantor Subsidiaries). Each of the Guarantor Subsidiaries is 100 owned, directly or indirectly, by D.R. Horton, Inc. Our subsidiaries associated with the Forestar lot development operations, financial services operations, multi-family residential construction and certain other subsidiaries do not guarantee the homebuilding senior notes or the homebuilding revolving credit facility (collectively, Non-Guarantor Subsidiaries). The guarantees are senior unsecured obligations of each Guarantor and rank equal with all existing and future senior debt of such Guarantor and senior to all subordinated debt of such Guarantor. The guarantees are effectively subordinated to any secured debt of such Guarantor to the extent of the value of the assets securing such debt. The guarantees will be structurally subordinated to indebtedness and other liabilities of Non-Guarantor Subsidiaries of the Guarantors. 
 
 The guarantees by a Guarantor Subsidiary will be automatically and unconditionally released and discharged upon: (1) the sale or other disposition of its common stock whereby it is no longer a subsidiary of ours; (2) the sale or other disposition of all or substantially all of its assets (other than to us or another Guarantor); (3) its merger or consolidation with an entity other than us or another Guarantor; or (4) its ceasing to guarantee any of our publicly traded debt securities and ceasing to guarantee any of our obligations under our homebuilding revolving credit facility. 
 
 The following tables present summarized financial information for D.R. Horton, Inc. and the Guarantor Subsidiaries on a combined basis after intercompany transactions and balances have been eliminated among D.R. Horton, Inc. and the Guarantor Subsidiaries, as well as their investment in, and equity in earnings from the Non-Guarantor Subsidiaries. 
 D.R. Horton, Inc. and Guarantor Subsidiaries Summarized Balance Sheet Data September 30, 2021 (In millions) Assets Cash 
 2,893.3 Inventories 
 14,203.2 Amount due from Non-Guarantor Subsidiaries 
 592.4 Total assets 
 19,724.9 Liabilities Stockholders Equity Notes payable 
 3,214.0 Total liabilities 
 6,157.4 Stockholders equity 
 13,567.5 Summarized Statement of Operations Data Year Ended September 30, 2021 (In millions) Revenues 26,566.8 Cost of sales 19,824.1 Selling, general and administrative expense 1,889.4 Income before income taxes 4,825.6 Net income 3,786.5 

53 

Table of Contents 

A court could void or subordinate any Guarantor s guarantee under the fraudulent conveyance laws if existing or future creditors of any such Guarantor were successful in establishing that: (i) such guarantee was incurred with fraudulent intent; or (ii) such Guarantor did not receive fair consideration or reasonably equivalent value for issuing its guarantee and was insolvent at the time of the guarantee, was rendered insolvent by reason of the guarantee, was engaged in a business or transaction for which its assets constituted unreasonably small capital to carry on its business, or intended to incur, or believed that it would incur, debt beyond its ability to pay such debt as it matured. 
 
 The measures of insolvency for purposes of determining whether a fraudulent conveyance occurred would vary depending upon the laws of the relevant jurisdiction and upon the valuation assumptions and methodology applied by the court. Generally, however, a company would be considered insolvent for purposes of the foregoing if the sum of the company s debts, including contingent, unliquidated and unmatured liabilities, is greater than all of such company s property at a fair valuation, or if the present fair saleable value of the company s assets is less than the amount that will be required to pay the probable liability on its existing debts as they become absolute and matured. 
 
 The indentures governing our homebuilding senior notes contain a savings clause, which limits the liability of each Guarantor on its guarantee to the maximum amount that such Guarantor can incur without risk that its guarantee will be subject to avoidance as a fraudulent transfer. This provision may not be effective to protect such guarantees from fraudulent transfer challenges or, if it does, it may reduce such Guarantor s obligation such that the remaining amount due and collectible under the guarantees would not suffice, if necessary, to pay the notes in full when due. 
 
 On the basis of historical financial information, operating history and other factors, we believe that each of the Guarantors, after giving effect to the issuance of the guarantees when such guarantees were issued, was not insolvent, did not have unreasonably small capital for the business in which it engaged and did not and has not incurred debts beyond its ability to pay such debts as they mature. We cannot assure you, however, as to what standard a court would apply in making these determinations or that a court would agree with our conclusions in this regard. 

Seasonality 
 
 Although significant changes in market conditions have impacted our seasonal patterns in the past and could do so again in the future, we generally close more homes and generate greater revenues and pre-tax income in the third and fourth quarters of our fiscal year. The seasonal nature of our business can also cause significant variations in the working capital requirements for our homebuilding, lot development, financial services and rental operations. As a result of seasonal activity, our quarterly results of operations and financial position at the end of a particular fiscal quarter are not necessarily representative of the balance of our fiscal year. 
 
 54 

Table of Contents 

 Forward-Looking Statements 
 
 Some of the statements contained in this report, as well as in other materials we have filed or will file with the Securities and Exchange Commission, statements made by us in periodic press releases and oral statements we make to analysts, stockholders and the press in the course of presentations about us, may be construed as forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements are based on management s beliefs as well as assumptions made by, and information currently available to, management. These forward-looking statements typically include the words anticipate, believe, consider, continue, could, estimate, expect, forecast, goal, intend, likely, may, outlook, plan, possible, potential, predict, projection, seek, should, strategy, target, will, would or other words of similar meaning. Any or all of the forward-looking statements included in this report and in any other of our reports or public statements may not approximate actual experience, and the expectations derived from them may not be realized, due to risks, uncertainties and other factors. As a result, actual results may differ materially from the expectations or results we discuss in the forward-looking statements. These risks, uncertainties and other factors include, but are not limited to: 
 the cyclical nature of the homebuilding, lot development and rental housing industries and changes in economic, real estate or other conditions; 
 constriction of the credit and public capital markets, which could limit our ability to access capital and increase our costs of capital; 
 reductions in the availability of mortgage financing provided by government agencies, changes in government financing programs, a decrease in our ability to sell mortgage loans on attractive terms or an increase in mortgage interest rates; 
 the risks associated with our land, lot and rental inventory; 
 our ability to effect our growth strategies, acquisitions or investments successfully; 
 the impact of an inflationary, deflationary or higher interest rate environment; 
 supply shortages and other risks of acquiring land, building materials and skilled labor; 
 the effects of public health issues such as a major epidemic or pandemic, including the impact of COVID-19 on the economy and our businesses; 
 the effects of weather conditions and natural disasters on our business and financial results; 
 home warranty and construction defect claims; 
 the effects of health and safety incidents; 
 reductions in the availability of performance bonds; 
 increases in the costs of owning a home; 
 the effects of governmental regulations and environmental matters on our homebuilding and land development operations; 
 the effects of governmental regulations on our financial services operations; 
 competitive conditions within the industries in which we operate; 
 our ability to manage and service our debt and comply with related debt covenants, restrictions and limitations; 
 the effects of negative publicity; 
 the effects of the loss of key personnel; 
 actions by activist stockholders; and 
 information technology failures, data security breaches and our ability to satisfy privacy and data protection laws and regulations. 
 
 We undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. However, any further disclosures made on related subjects in subsequent reports on Forms 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K should be consulted. Additional information about issues that could lead to material changes in performance and risk factors that have the potential to affect us is contained in Item 1A, Risk Factors under Part I of this annual report on Form 10-K. 
 55 

Table of Contents 

 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 
 General A comprehensive enumeration of the significant accounting policies of D.R. Horton, Inc. and subsidiaries is presented in Note A to the accompanying financial statements as of September 30, 2021 and 2020, and for the years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019. Each of our accounting policies has been chosen based upon current authoritative literature that collectively comprises U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP). In instances where alternative methods of accounting are permissible under GAAP, we have chosen the method that most appropriately reflects the nature of our business, the results of our operations and our financial condition, and have consistently applied those methods over each of the periods presented in the financial statements. The Audit Committee of our Board of Directors has reviewed and approved the accounting policies selected. 
 
 We believe the following critical accounting policies describe the more significant judgments and estimates used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Revenue Recognition We generally recognize homebuilding revenue and related profit at the time of the closing of a sale, when title to and possession of the property are transferred to the buyer. Our performance obligation, to deliver the agreed-upon home, is generally satisfied in less than one year from the original contract date. Proceeds from home closings held for our benefit at title companies are included in homebuilding cash and cash equivalents in the consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 When we execute sales contracts with our homebuyers, or when we require advance payment from homebuyers for custom changes, upgrades or options related to their homes, we record the cash deposits received as liabilities until the homes are closed or the contracts are cancelled. We either retain or refund to the homebuyer deposits on cancelled sales contracts, depending upon the applicable provisions of the contract or other circumstances. 
 
 Forestar s land and lot sales revenue and related profit are generally recognized at the time of the closing of a sale, when title to and possession of the property are transferred to a third-party buyer. Forestar s revenues from land and lot sales to D.R. Horton are eliminated in the consolidated financial statements. 
 
 We rarely purchase unimproved land for resale, but periodically may elect to sell parcels of land that no longer fit into our strategic operating plans. Revenue from land sales is typically recognized on the closing date, which is generally when performance obligations are satisfied. 
 
 We recognize financial services revenues associated with our title operations as closing services are rendered and title insurance policies are issued, both of which generally occur simultaneously as each home is closed. Revenues associated with our mortgage operations primarily include net gains on the sale of mortgage loans and servicing rights. We typically elect the fair value option for our mortgage loan originations whereby mortgage loans held for sale are recorded at fair value based on either sale commitments or current market quotes and loan values are adjusted through revenues for subsequent changes in fair value until the loans are sold. Expected gains and losses from the sale of servicing rights are included in the measurement of all written loan commitments that are accounted for at fair value through revenues at the time of commitment. We sell substantially all of the mortgages we originate and the related servicing rights to third-party purchasers. Interest income is earned from the date a mortgage loan is originated until the loan is sold. 
 
 Mortgage loans are sold with limited recourse provisions, which can result in repurchases of loans previously sold to investors or payments to reimburse investors for loan losses. Based on historical experience, analysis of the volume of mortgages we originated, discussions with our mortgage purchasers and current housing and credit market conditions, we estimate and record a loss reserve for mortgage loans held in portfolio and mortgage loans held for sale, as well as known and projected mortgage loan repurchase requests. 
 
 Inventories and Cost of Sales Inventory includes the costs of direct land acquisition, land development and construction, capitalized interest, real estate taxes and direct overhead costs incurred during development and construction. Costs that we incur after projects or homes are substantially complete, such as utilities, maintenance, and cleaning, are charged to SG A expense as incurred. All indirect overhead costs, such as compensation of sales personnel, division and region management, and the costs of advertising and builder s risk insurance are charged to SG A expense as incurred. 
 
 56 

Table of Contents 

 Land and development costs are typically allocated to individual residential lots on a pro-rata basis, and the costs of residential lots are transferred to construction in progress when home construction begins. Home construction costs are specifically identified and recorded to individual homes. Cost of sales for homes closed includes the specific construction costs of each home and all applicable land acquisition, land development and related costs (both incurred and estimated to be incurred) allocated to each residential lot based upon the total number of homes expected to be closed in each community. Cost of sales for lots sold includes all applicable land acquisition, land development and related costs (both incurred and estimated to be incurred) allocated to each residential lot in the community. Any changes to the estimated total development costs subsequent to the initial home or lot closings in a community are generally allocated on a pro-rata basis to the remaining homes or lots in the community associated with the relevant development activity. 
 
 When a home is closed, we generally have not paid all incurred costs necessary to complete the home. We record a liability and a corresponding charge to cost of sales for the amount estimated to ultimately be paid related to completed homes that have been closed. We compare our home construction budgets to actual recorded costs to determine the additional costs remaining to be paid on each closed home. We monitor the accrual by comparing actual costs incurred on closed homes in subsequent months to the amounts previously accrued. Although actual costs to be paid in the future on previously closed homes could differ from our current accruals, such differences have not been significant. 
 
 At the end of each quarter, we review the performance and outlook for all of our communities and land inventories for indicators of potential impairment. We generally review our inventory for impairment indicators at the community level, and the inventory within each community is categorized as land held for development, residential land and lots developed and under development, land held for sale, rental properties and construction in progress and finished homes, based on the stage of production or plans for future development or sale. A particular community often includes inventory in more than one category. In certain situations, inventory may be analyzed separately for impairment purposes based on its product type or future plans. In reviewing each of our communities, we determine if impairment indicators exist on inventory held and used by analyzing a variety of factors including, but not limited to, the following: 
 gross margins on homes closed in recent months; 
 projected gross margins on homes sold but not closed; 
 projected gross margins based on community budgets; 
 projected gross margins of rental property sales; 
 trends in gross margins, average selling prices or cost of sales; 
 sales absorption rates; and 
 performance of other communities in nearby locations. 
 
 If indicators of impairment are present for a community, we perform an impairment evaluation of the community, which includes an analysis to determine if the undiscounted cash flows estimated to be generated by those assets are less than their carrying amounts. If so, impairment charges are recorded to cost of sales if the fair value of such assets is less than their carrying amounts. These estimates of cash flows are significantly impacted by community specific factors including estimates of the amounts and timing of future revenues and estimates of the amount of land development, materials and labor costs which, in turn, may be impacted by the following local market conditions: 
 supply and availability of new and existing homes; 
 location and desirability of our communities; 
 variety of product types offered in the area; 
 pricing and use of incentives by us and our competitors; 
 alternative uses for our land or communities such as the sale of land, finished lots or home sites to third parties; 
 amount of land and lots we own or control in a particular market or sub-market; and 
 local economic and demographic trends. 

57 

Table of Contents 

 For those assets deemed to be impaired, the impairment to be recognized is measured as the amount by which the carrying amount of the assets exceeds the fair value of the assets. Our determination of fair value is primarily based on discounting the estimated cash flows at a rate commensurate with the inherent risks associated with the assets and related estimated cash flow streams. When an impairment charge for a community is determined, the charge is then allocated to each lot in the community in the same manner as land and development costs are allocated to each lot. Impairment charges are also recorded on finished homes in substantially completed communities and completed rental properties when events or circumstances indicate that the carrying values are greater than the fair values less estimated costs to sell these homes. 
 
 We rarely purchase land for resale. However, when we own land or communities under development that do not fit into our development and construction plans, and we determine that we will sell the asset, the project is accounted for as land held for sale if certain criteria are met. We record land held for sale at the lesser of its carrying value or fair value less estimated costs to sell. In performing the impairment evaluation for land held for sale, we consider several factors including, but not limited to, recent offers received to purchase the property, prices for land in recent comparable sales transactions and market analysis studies, which include the estimated price a willing buyer would pay for the land. If the estimated fair value less costs to sell an asset is less than the current carrying value, the asset is written down to its estimated fair value less costs to sell. 
 
 The key assumptions relating to inventory valuations are impacted by local market and economic conditions, and are inherently uncertain. Although our quarterly assessments reflect management s best estimates, due to uncertainties in the estimation process, actual results could differ from such estimates. 
 
 Warranty Claims We typically provide our homebuyers with a ten-year limited warranty for major defects in structural elements such as framing components and foundation systems, a two-year limited warranty on major mechanical systems and a one-year limited warranty on other construction components. Since we subcontract our construction work to subcontractors who typically provide us with an indemnity and a certificate of insurance prior to receiving payments for their work, claims relating to workmanship and materials are generally the primary responsibility of the subcontractors. Warranty liabilities have been established by charging cost of sales for each home delivered. The amounts charged are based on management s estimate of expected warranty-related costs under all unexpired warranty obligation periods. Our warranty liability is based upon historical warranty cost experience in each market in which we operate and is adjusted to reflect qualitative risks associated with the types of homes we build and the geographic areas in which we build them. Actual future warranty costs could differ from our currently estimated amounts. A 10 change in the historical warranty rates used to estimate our warranty accrual would not result in a material change in our accrual. For additional information regarding our warranty liability, see Note L, Commitments and Contingencies, to our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this report. 
 
 Legal Claims and Insurance We are named as a defendant in various claims, complaints and other legal actions in the ordinary course of business. At any point in time, we are managing several hundred individual claims related to construction defect matters, personal injury claims, employment matters, land development issues, contract disputes and other matters. We have established reserves for these contingencies based on the estimated costs of pending claims and the estimated costs of anticipated future claims related to previously closed homes. Approximately 99 of these reserves related to construction defect matters at both September 30, 2021 and 2020. 
 
 Our reserves for construction defect claims include the estimated costs of both known claims and anticipated future claims. At September 30, 2021 and 2020, we had reserves for approximately 380 and 260 pending construction defect claims, respectively, and no individual existing claim was material to our financial statements. During fiscal 2021, we were notified of approximately 235 new construction defect claims and resolved 115 construction defect claims for a total cost of 16.5 million. We have closed a significant number of homes during recent years, and we may be subject to future construction defect claims on these homes. Although regulations vary from state to state, construction defect issues can generally be reported for up to ten years after the home has closed in many states in which we operate. Historical data and trends regarding the frequency of claims incurred and the costs to resolve claims relative to the types of products and markets where we operate are used to estimate the construction defect liabilities for both existing and anticipated future claims. These estimates are subject to ongoing revision as the circumstances of individual pending claims and historical data and trends change. Adjustments to estimated reserves are recorded in the accounting period in which the change in estimate occurs. 

58 

Table of Contents 

Historical trends in construction defect claims have been inconsistent, and we believe they may continue to fluctuate. We also believe that fluctuations in housing market conditions can affect the frequency and cost of construction defect claims. If the ultimate resolution of construction defect claims resulting from our home closings in prior years varies from current expectations, it could significantly change our estimates regarding the frequency and timing of claims incurred and the costs to resolve existing and anticipated future claims, which would impact the construction defect reserves in the future. If the frequency of claims incurred or costs of existing and future legal claims significantly exceed our current estimates, they will have a significant negative impact on our future earnings and liquidity. 
 
 We estimate and record receivables under the applicable insurance policies related to our estimated contingencies for known claims and anticipated future construction defect claims on previously closed homes and other legal claims and lawsuits incurred in the ordinary course of business when recovery is probable. However, because the self-insured retentions under these policies are significant, we anticipate we will largely be self-insured. Additionally, we may have the ability to recover a portion of our losses from our subcontractors and their insurance carriers when we have been named as an additional insured on their insurance policies. 
 
 The estimation of losses related to these reserves and the related estimates of recoveries from insurance policies are subject to a high degree of variability due to uncertainties such as trends in construction defect claims relative to our markets and the types of products built, claim frequency, claim settlement costs and patterns, insurance industry practices and legal interpretations, among others. Due to the high degree of judgment required in establishing reserves for these contingencies, actual future costs and recoveries from insurance could differ significantly from current estimated amounts. A 10 increase in the claim frequency and the average cost per claim used to estimate the reserves would result in an increase of approximately 101.7 million in our reserves and a 50.9 million increase in our receivable, resulting in additional expense of 50.8 million. A 10 decrease in the claim frequency and the average cost per claim would result in a decrease of approximately 91.8 million in our reserves and a 43.8 million decrease in our receivable, resulting in a reduction in expense of 48.0 million. For additional information regarding our legal claims reserves, see Note L, Commitments and Contingencies, to our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this report. 
 
 Pending Accounting Pronouncements 
 
 In December 2019, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued ASU 2019-12 related to simplifying the accounting for income taxes. The guidance is effective for us beginning October 1, 2021 and is not expected to have a material impact on our consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 
 
 In March 2020, the FASB issued ASU 2020-04, Reference Rate Reform, which provides optional expedients and exceptions for applying U.S. GAAP to contracts, hedging relationships, and other transactions affected by the discontinuation of the London Interbank Offered Rate (LIBOR) or by another reference rate expected to be discontinued. The guidance was effective beginning March 12, 2020 and can be applied prospectively through December 31, 2022. In January 2021, the FASB issued ASU 2021-01, Reference Rate Reform - Scope, which clarified the scope and application of the original guidance. We will adopt these standards when LIBOR is discontinued and do not expect them to have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements or related disclosures. 
 
 In October 2021, the FASB issued ASU 2021-08, which requires application of ASC 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers, to recognize and measure contract assets and liabilities from contracts with customers acquired in a business combination. ASU 2021-08 creates an exception to the general recognition and measurement principle in ASC 805 and will result in recognition of contract assets and contract liabilities consistent with those recorded by the acquiree immediately before the acquisition date. The guidance is effective for us beginning October 1, 2023 and interim periods therein, with early adoption permitted. We are currently evaluating the impact of this guidance on our consolidated financial position, results of operations and cash flows. 
 59 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 
 We are subject to interest rate risk on our long-term debt. We monitor our exposure to changes in interest rates and utilize both fixed and variable rate debt. For fixed rate debt, changes in interest rates generally affect the fair value of the debt instrument, but not our earnings or cash flows. Conversely, for variable rate debt, changes in interest rates generally do not impact the fair value of the debt instrument, but may affect our future earnings and cash flows. Except in very limited circumstances, we do not have an obligation to prepay fixed-rate debt prior to maturity and, as a result, interest rate risk and changes in fair value would not have a significant impact on our cash flows related to our fixed-rate debt until such time as we are required to refinance, repurchase or repay such debt. 
 
 We are exposed to interest rate risk associated with our mortgage loan origination services. We manage interest rate risk through the use of forward sales of MBS, which are referred to as hedging instruments in the following discussion. We do not enter into or hold derivatives for trading or speculative purposes. 
 
 Interest rate lock commitments (IRLCs) are extended to borrowers who have applied for loan funding and who meet defined credit and underwriting criteria. Typically, the IRLCs have a duration of less than six months. Some IRLCs are committed immediately to a specific purchaser through the use of best-efforts whole loan delivery commitments, while other IRLCs are funded prior to being committed to third-party purchasers. The hedging instruments related to IRLCs are classified and accounted for as derivative instruments in an economic hedge, with gains and losses recognized in revenues in the consolidated statements of operations. Hedging instruments related to funded, uncommitted loans are accounted for at fair value, with changes recognized in revenues in the consolidated statements of operations, along with changes in the fair value of the funded, uncommitted loans. The fair value change related to the hedging instruments generally offsets the fair value change in the uncommitted loans. The net fair value change, which for the years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020 was not significant, is recognized in current earnings. At September 30, 2021, hedging instruments used to mitigate interest rate risk related to uncommitted mortgage loans held for sale and uncommitted IRLCs totaled a notional amount of 2.7 billion. Uncommitted IRLCs totaled a notional amount of approximately 1.4 billion and uncommitted mortgage loans held for sale totaled a notional amount of approximately 1.3 billion at September 30, 2021. 
 
 We also use hedging instruments as part of a program to offer below market interest rate financing to our homebuyers. At September 30, 2021 and 2020, we had MBS totaling 834.6 million and 1.1 billion, respectively, that did not yet have IRLCs or closed loans created or assigned and recorded an asset of 1.1 million at September 30, 2021 and a liability of 5.3 million at September 30, 2020 for the fair value of such MBS position. 
 
 The following table sets forth principal cash flows by scheduled maturity, effective weighted average interest rates and estimated fair value of our debt obligations as of September 30, 2021. Because the mortgage repurchase facility is effectively secured by certain mortgage loans held for sale that are typically sold within 60 days, its outstanding balance is included in the most current period presented. The interest rate for our variable rate debt represents the weighted average interest rate in effect at September 30, 2021. 
 
 Fiscal Year Ending September 30, Fair Value at September 30, 2021 2022 2023 2024 2025 2026 Thereafter Total in millions) Debt: Fixed rate 429.5 700.3 13.7 500.4 900.4 1,400.4 3,944.7 4,045.6 Average interest rate 4.2 5.4 3.7 2.7 3.4 2.3 3.4 Variable rate 1,494.6 1,494.6 1,494.6 Average interest rate 2.1 2.1 
 
 60 

Table of Contents 

 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of D.R. Horton, Inc. 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of D.R. Horton, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company) as of September 30, 2021 and 2020, and the related consolidated statements of operations, total equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended September 30, 2021, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at September 30, 2021 and 2020, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended September 30, 2021, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2021 based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) and our report dated November 18, 2021 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the account or disclosure to which it relates. 

61 

Table of Contents 

Estimation of reserves for construction defect matters Description of the Matter At September 30, 2021, the Company s reserve for legal claims related to construction defect matters was 575.1 million. As explained in Note L to the consolidated financial statements, the Company has established reserves for construction defect matters based on the estimated costs of pending legal claims and the estimated costs of anticipated future legal claims related to previously closed homes, and this liability is included within the accrued expenses and other liabilities account in the consolidated balance sheet. This reserve estimate is subject to a high degree of variability and ongoing revision as the circumstances of individual pending claims and historical data and trends change. Management applies judgment in determining the key assumptions used in calculating the reserve for construction defect matters. 
 Auditing the reserve for construction defect matters is complex and especially challenging due to the judgmental nature of the key assumptions related to projections of the frequency of future claims and the costs to resolve claims in consideration of historical claims information. These assumptions are developed by management, are subjective in nature and have a significant effect on the determined amount of the reserve for construction defect matters. Further, the estimated reserve balance is sensitive to changes in these key assumptions. 
 How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of controls over the Company s process for estimating the reserve for construction defect matters. We tested the Company s controls that address the risk of material misstatement related to the measurement and valuation of the reserve for construction defect matters, including the key assumptions related to the projections of the frequency and costs of future claims, and the completeness and accuracy of data used in the model developed by management. 
 To test the reserve for construction defect matters, our audit procedures included, among others, evaluating the methodology used, the key assumptions and the underlying data used by the Company in developing the reserve estimate. As management utilizes historical trends of frequency of claims incurred and the average cost to resolve claims relative to the types of products and markets where the Company operates in measuring the reserve estimate, we evaluated management s methodology for determining the frequency and cost of future claims assumptions by comparing these key assumptions to trends observed in historical Company claims data and other available information. In addition, we involved an actuarial specialist to assist with our procedures. Our specialist developed a range of values for the reserve estimate based on independently selected assumptions, which we compared to management s recorded amount to evaluate management s estimate. We also performed sensitivity analyses to determine the effect of changes in assumptions, where appropriate. We also tested completeness and accuracy of underlying claims data used in management s estimation calculations and performed recalculations to evaluate the accuracy of the model used by management to determine the estimate. 

/s/ Ernst Young LLP 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2018. 
 
 Dallas, Texas 
 November 18, 2021 
 62 

Table of Contents 

 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of D.R. Horton, Inc. 
 
 Opinion on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 We have audited D.R Horton, Inc. and subsidiaries internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2021, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the COSO criteria). In our opinion, D.R. Horton, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company) maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2021, based on the COSO criteria . 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of September 30, 2021 and 2020, the related consolidated statements of operations, total equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended September 30, 2021, and the related notes and our report dated November 18, 2021 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 
 Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 /s/ Ernst Young LLP 
 
 Dallas, Texas 
 November 18, 2021 
 63 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

D.R. HORTON, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 
 September 30, 2021 2020 (In millions) ASSETS Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Total cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash Inventories: Construction in progress and finished homes Residential land and lots developed and under development Land held for development Land held for sale Rental properties Total inventory Mortgage loans held for sale Deferred income taxes, net of valuation allowance of million 
 and million at September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively 
 Property and equipment, net Other assets Goodwill Total assets LIABILITIES Accounts payable Accrued expenses and other liabilities Notes payable Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note L) 
 EQUITY Preferred stock, par value, shares authorized, shares issued 
 Common stock, par value, shares authorized, 
 shares issued and shares outstanding at September 30, 2021 and 
 shares issued and shares outstanding at September 30, 2020 
 Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Treasury stock, shares and shares 
 at September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively, at cost 
 ) ) Stockholders equity Noncontrolling interests Total equity Total liabilities and equity 
 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 64 

Table of Contents 

 D.R. HORTON, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 Year Ended September 30, 2021 2020 2019 (In millions, except per share data) Revenues Cost of sales Selling, general and administrative expense Gain on sale of assets ) ) ) Loss on extinguishment of debt Other (income) expense ) ) ) Income before income taxes Income tax expense Net income Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests Net income attributable to D.R. Horton, Inc. Basic net income per common share attributable to D.R. Horton, Inc. Weighted average number of common shares Diluted net income per common share attributable to D.R. Horton, Inc. Adjusted weighted average number of common shares 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 65 

Table of Contents 

 D.R. HORTON, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF TOTAL EQUITY 
 Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Retained Earnings Treasury Stock Non-controlling Interests Total Equity (In millions, except common stock share data) Balances at September 30, 2018 shares) 
 ) Cumulative effect of adoption of ASC 606 Net income Exercise of stock options shares) 
 Stock issued under employee benefit plans shares) 
 Cash paid for shares withheld for taxes ) ) Stock-based compensation expense Cash dividends declared per share) 
 ) ) Repurchases of common stock shares) 
 ) ) Distributions to noncontrolling interests ) ) Change of ownership interest in Forestar ) Balances at September 30, 2019 shares) 
 ) Net income Exercise of stock options shares) 
 Stock issued under employee benefit plans shares) 
 Cash paid for shares withheld for taxes ) ) Stock-based compensation expense Cash dividends declared per share) 
 ) ) Repurchases of common stock shares) 
 ) ) Distributions to noncontrolling interests ) ) Change of ownership interest in Forestar ) Balances at September 30, 2020 shares) 
 ) Net income Exercise of stock options shares) 
 Stock issued under employee benefit plans shares) 
 Cash paid for shares withheld for taxes ) ) Stock-based compensation expense Cash dividends declared per share) 
 ) ) Repurchases of common stock shares) 
 ) ) Distributions to noncontrolling interests ) ) Change of ownership interest in Forestar ) Balances at September 30, 2021 shares) 
 ) 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 66 

Table of Contents 
 
 D.R. HORTON, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

Year Ended September 30, 2021 2020 2019 (In millions) OPERATING ACTIVITIES Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Amortization of discounts and fees Stock-based compensation expense Equity in earnings of unconsolidated entities ) ) Deferred income taxes ) Inventory and land option charges Gain on sale of assets ) ) ) Loss on extinguishment of debt Changes in operating assets and liabilities: (Increase) decrease in construction in progress and finished homes ) ) Increase in residential land and lots 
 developed, under development, held for development and held for sale 
 ) ) ) Increase in rental properties ) Increase in other assets ) ) ) Increase in mortgage loans held for sale ) ) ) Increase in accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities Net cash provided by operating activities INVESTING ACTIVITIES Expenditures for property and equipment ) ) ) Proceeds from sale of assets Expenditures related to rental properties ) ) ) Payments related to business acquisitions, net of cash acquired ) ) ) Other investing activities Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) FINANCING ACTIVITIES Proceeds from notes payable Repayment of notes payable ) ) ) Advances on mortgage repurchase facility, net Proceeds from stock associated with certain employee benefit plans Cash paid for shares withheld for taxes ) ) ) Cash dividends paid ) ) ) Repurchases of common stock ) ) ) Distributions to noncontrolling interests, net ) ) ) Net proceeds from issuance of Forestar common stock Other financing activities ) ) Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities ) ) Net increase in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of year Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of year 
 67 

Table of Contents 
 
 D.R. HORTON, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (Continued) 

Year Ended September 30, 2021 2020 2019 (In millions) SUPPLEMENTAL CASH FLOW INFORMATION Income taxes paid, net SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURES OF NON-CASH ACTIVITIES Notes payable issued for inventory Stock issued under employee incentive plans Accrual for holdback payment related to acquisition Repurchase of common stock not settled 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 68 

Table of Contents 
 
 D.R. HORTON, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE A 
 
 controlling interest in Forestar Group Inc. (Forestar) and therefore is required to consolidate 100 of Forestar within its consolidated financial statements, and the interest the Company does not own is accounted for as noncontrolling interests. All intercompany accounts, transactions and balances have been eliminated in consolidation. 

69 

Table of Contents 
 
 D.R. HORTON, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

million and million at September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively, are included in homebuilding cash and cash equivalents in the consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 Cash balances of the Company s captive insurance subsidiary, which are expected to be used to fund the subsidiary s operations and pay future anticipated legal claims, were million and million at September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively, and are included in cash and cash equivalents in the consolidated balance sheets. 

70 

Table of Contents 
 
 D.R. HORTON, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

71 

Table of Contents 
 
 D.R. HORTON, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

million and million, respectively, and are included in other assets in the consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 years, depreciable lives of other furniture and equipment typically range from to years, and depreciable lives of buildings and improvements typically range from to years. See Note F. 
 
 million in cash. The assets acquired included approximately homes in inventory, lots and control of approximately additional lots through purchase contracts. 
 
 72 

Table of Contents 
 
 D.R. HORTON, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

impairment charges were indicated or recorded. 
 
 Southwest South Central Southeast East North Forestar Total goodwill 

73 

Table of Contents 
 
 D.R. HORTON, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

million, million and million in fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. 
 
 million and million at September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

years. Stock options are granted at exercise prices which equal the market value of the Company s common stock at the date of the grant. All stock options outstanding at September 30, 2021 have vested and expire years after the dates on which they were granted. 
 
 The compensation expense for stock-based awards is based on the fair value of the award and is recognized on a straight-line basis over the remaining vesting period. The fair values of restricted stock units are based on the Company s stock price on the date of grant. The fair values of stock options granted are calculated on the date of grant using a Black-Scholes option pricing model. Determining the fair value of stock options requires judgment in developing assumptions and involves a number of estimates. These estimates include, but are not limited to, the expected stock price volatility over the term of the awards, the expected dividend yield and expected stock option exercise behavior. See Note K. 
 
 74 

Table of Contents 
 
 D.R. HORTON, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

75 

Table of Contents 
 
 D.R. HORTON, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

NOTE B 
 
 homebuilding divisions, its majority-owned Forestar residential lot development operations, its financial services operations, its rental operations and its other business activities. The Company s reporting segments are its homebuilding reporting segments, its Forestar lot development segment, its financial services segment and its rental operations segment. During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2021, the Company changed its internal organization and reporting of its operating segments and reportable segments to combine its single-family rental operations and its multi-family rental operations into a new reporting segment to reflect the method by which the chief operating decision makers manage the business, evaluate internal results and allocate financial resources. The Company s single-family rental operations had previously been reported in its homebuilding segment and its multi-family rental operations had previously been reported in its other segment. Additionally, the Company realigned the aggregation of its homebuilding operating segments into new reportable segments to better allocate its homebuilding operating segments across geographic reporting regions. Segment information reported in prior year periods has been reclassified to conform to the 2021 presentation. 
 
 Homebuilding 
 
 Based on the new aggregation described above, the reporting segments and the states in which the Company has homebuilding operations are as follows: 
 Northwest: Colorado, Oregon, Utah and Washington Southwest: Arizona, California, Hawaii, Nevada and New Mexico South Central: Oklahoma and Texas Southeast: Alabama, Florida, Louisiana and Mississippi East: Georgia, North Carolina, South Carolina and Tennessee North: Delaware, Illinois, Indiana, Iowa, Kentucky, Maryland, Minnesota, Nebraska, New Jersey, Ohio, Pennsylvania and Virginia 
 
 Homebuilding is the Company s core business, generating of consolidated revenues in fiscal 2021 and of consolidated revenues in fiscal 2020 and 2019. The Company s homebuilding divisions are primarily engaged in the acquisition and development of land and the construction and sale of residential homes, with operations in markets across states. Most of the revenue generated by the Company s homebuilding operations is from the sale of completed homes and to a lesser extent from the sale of land and lots. 
 
 Forestar 
 
 The Forestar segment is a residential lot development company with operations in markets across states. Forestar has made significant investments in land acquisition and development to expand its business across the United States. The homebuilding divisions acquire finished lots from Forestar in accordance with the master supply agreement between the two companies. Forestar s segment results are presented on their historical cost basis, consistent with the manner in which management evaluates segment performance. 
 
 Financial Services 
 
 The Company s financial services segment provides mortgage financing and title agency services to homebuyers in many of the Company s homebuilding markets. The segment generates the substantial majority of its revenues from originating and selling mortgages and collecting fees for title insurance agency and closing services. The Company sells substantially all of the mortgages it originates and the related servicing rights to third-party purchasers. 

76 

Table of Contents 
 
 D.R. HORTON, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

77 

Table of Contents 
 
 D.R. HORTON, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Restricted cash 
 Inventories: 
 Construction in progress and finished homes 
 ) Residential land and lots developed and under development 
 ) Land held for development 
 Land held for sale 
 Rental properties ) ) Mortgage loans held for sale 
 Deferred income taxes, net 
 ) Property and equipment, net 
 Other assets 
 ) Goodwill 
 ) Liabilities Accounts payable 
 Accrued expenses and other liabilities ) Notes payable 
 ) ) 
 _____________ 
 (1) Amounts are presented on Forestar s historical cost basis, consistent with the manner in which management evaluates segment performance. 
 (2) Amounts include the balances of the Company s other businesses, reconciling amounts between segment and consolidated balances, the elimination of intercompany transactions and, to a lesser extent, purchase accounting adjustments related to the Forestar acquisition. 
 
 78 

Table of Contents 
 
 D.R. HORTON, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Restricted cash Inventories: Construction in progress and finished homes 
 ) Residential land and lots developed and under development 
 ) Land held for development 
 Land held for sale 
 Rental properties ) ) Mortgage loans held for sale Deferred income taxes, net Property and equipment, net Other assets ) Goodwill ) Liabilities Accounts payable Accrued expenses and other liabilities ) Notes payable ) ) 
 _____________ 
 (1) Amounts are presented on Forestar s historical cost basis, consistent with the manner in which management evaluates segment performance. 
 (2) Amounts include the balances of the Company s other businesses, reconciling amounts between segment and consolidated balances, the elimination of intercompany transactions and, to a lesser extent, purchase accounting adjustments related to the Forestar acquisition. 

79 

Table of Contents 
 
 D.R. HORTON, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Land/lot sales and other 
 ) Rental property sales ) Financial services 
 ) Cost of sales Home sales (3) 
 ) Land/lot sales and other 
 ) Rental property sales ) Inventory and land option charges 
 ) Selling, general and administrative expense Gain on sale of assets 
 ) ) ) Loss on extinguishment of debt Other (income) expense ) ) ) ) ) Income before income taxes ) Summary Cash Flow Information Depreciation and amortization 
 Cash provided by (used in) operating activities 
 ) ) ) 
 _____________ 
 (1) Results are presented on Forestar s historical cost basis, consistent with the manner in which management evaluates segment performance. 
 (2) Amounts include the results of the Company s other businesses, reconciling amounts between segment and consolidated balances, the elimination of intercompany transactions and, to a lesser extent, purchase accounting adjustments related to the Forestar acquisition. 
 (3) Amount in the Eliminations and Other column represents the recognition of profit on lots sold from Forestar to the homebuilding segment. Intercompany profit is eliminated in the consolidated financial statements when Forestar sells lots to the homebuilding segment and is recognized in the consolidated financial statements when the homebuilding segment closes homes on the lots to homebuyers. 
 
 80 

Table of Contents 
 
 D.R. HORTON, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Land/lot sales and other 
 ) Rental property sales ) Financial services 
 ) Cost of sales Home sales (3) 
 ) Land/lot sales and other 
 ) Rental property sales ) Inventory and land option charges 
 ) Selling, general and administrative expense Gain on sale of assets ) ) ) Other (income) expense ) ) ) ) ) Income before income taxes ) Summary Cash Flow Information Depreciation and amortization 
 Cash provided by (used in) operating activities 
 ) ) ) 
 _____________ 
 (1) Results are presented on Forestar s historical cost basis, consistent with the manner in which management evaluates segment performance. 
 (2) Amounts include the results of the Company s other businesses, reconciling amounts between segment and consolidated balances, the elimination of intercompany transactions and, to a lesser extent, purchase accounting adjustments related to the Forestar acquisition. 
 (3) Amount in the Eliminations and Other column represents the recognition of profit on lots sold from Forestar to the homebuilding segment. Intercompany profit is eliminated in the consolidated financial statements when Forestar sells lots to the homebuilding segment and is recognized in the consolidated financial statements when the homebuilding segment closes homes on the lots to homebuyers. 
 81 

Table of Contents 
 
 D.R. HORTON, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Land/lot sales and other 
 ) Rental property sales ) Financial services 
 ) Cost of sales Home sales (3) 
 ) Land/lot sales and other 
 ) Rental property sales ) Inventory and land option charges 
 ) Selling, general and administrative expense Gain on sale of assets ) ) ) ) Other (income) expense ) ) ) ) ) Income before income taxes ) Summary Cash Flow Information Depreciation and amortization 
 Cash provided by (used in) operating activities 
 ) ) ) 
 _____________ 
 (1) Results are presented on Forestar s historical cost basis, consistent with the manner in which management evaluates segment performance. 
 (2) Amounts include the results of the Company s other businesses, reconciling amounts between segment and consolidated balances, the elimination of intercompany transactions and, to a lesser extent, purchase accounting adjustments related to the Forestar acquisition. 
 (3) Amount in the Eliminations and Other column represents the recognition of profit on lots sold from Forestar to the homebuilding segment. Intercompany profit is eliminated in the consolidated financial statements when Forestar sells lots to the homebuilding segment and is recognized in the consolidated financial statements when the homebuilding segment closes homes on the lots to homebuyers. 
 82 

Table of Contents 
 
 D.R. HORTON, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Southwest South Central Southeast East North Corporate and unallocated (2) 
 
 ________________________ 
 (1) Homebuilding inventories are the only assets included in the measure of homebuilding segment assets used by the Company s chief operating decision makers. 
 (2) Corporate and unallocated consists primarily of capitalized interest and property taxes. 
 
 Homebuilding Results by Reporting Segment Year Ended September 30, 2021 2020 2019 (In millions) Revenues Northwest Southwest South Central Southeast East North Inventory and Land Option Charges Northwest Southwest South Central Southeast East North Income Before Income Taxes (1) 
 Northwest Southwest South Central Southeast East North 
 ________________________ 
 (1) Expenses maintained at the corporate level consist primarily of homebuilding interest and property taxes, which are capitalized and amortized to cost of sales or expensed directly, and the expenses related to operating the Company s corporate office. The amortization of capitalized interest and property taxes is allocated to each homebuilding segment based on the segment s cost of sales, while expenses associated with the corporate office are allocated to each homebuilding segment based on the segment s inventory balances. 
 83 

Table of Contents 
 
 D.R. HORTON, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

NOTE C 
 
 impairment charges were recorded during the three months ended September 30, 2021. There were million of impairment charges recorded during fiscal 2021 compared to million and million of impairment charges recorded in fiscal 2020 and 2019, respectively. 
 
 During fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019, earnest money and pre-acquisition cost write-offs related to land purchase contracts that the Company has terminated or expects to terminate were million, million and million, respectively. Inventory impairments and land option charges are included in cost of sales in the consolidated statements of operations. 

NOTE D 
 
 364-day revolving credit facility (1) 
 senior notes due 2020 (2) 
 senior notes due 2022 (2) 
 senior notes due 2023 (2) 
 senior notes due 2023 (2) 
 senior notes due 2024 (2) 
 senior notes due 2025 (2) 
 senior notes due 2026 (2) 
 senior notes due 2027 (2) 
 Other secured notes (3) 
 Forestar: Unsecured: Revolving credit facility senior notes due 2024 (4)(5) 
 senior notes due 2026 (5) 
 senior notes due 2028 (5) 
 Other secured notes Financial Services: Mortgage repurchase facility 
 _____________ 
 See footnotes on following page. 
 84 

Table of Contents 
 
 D.R. HORTON, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

million and million at September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 (3) Homebuilding other secured notes excludes million and million of earnest money notes payable to Forestar at September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively. These intercompany notes are eliminated in consolidation. 
 (4) Forestar s senior notes due April 2024 were redeemed in May 2021. 
 (5) Debt issuance costs that were deducted from the carrying amount of Forestar s senior notes totaled million and million at September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 As of September 30, 2021, maturities of consolidated notes payable, assuming the mortgage repurchase facility is not extended or renewed, are billion in fiscal 2022, million in fiscal 2023, million in fiscal 2024, million in fiscal 2025, million in fiscal 2026 and billion thereafter. 
 
 Homebuilding: 
 
 In April 2021, the Company s senior unsecured homebuilding revolving credit facility was amended to increase its capacity to billion with an uncommitted accordion feature that could increase the size of the facility to billion, subject to certain conditions and availability of additional bank commitments. The maturity date of the facility was extended to April 20, 2026. The facility also provides for the issuance of letters of credit with a sublimit equal to of the revolving credit commitment. Letters of credit issued under the facility reduce the available borrowing capacity. The interest rate on borrowings under the revolving credit facility may be based on either the Prime Rate or LIBOR plus an applicable margin, as defined in the credit agreement governing the facility. At September 30, 2021, there were borrowings outstanding and million of letters of credit issued under the revolving credit facility, resulting in available capacity of billion. 
 
 The Company s homebuilding revolving credit facility imposes restrictions on its operations and activities, including requiring the maintenance of a maximum allowable leverage ratio and a borrowing base restriction if the leverage ratio exceeds a certain level. These covenants are measured as defined in the credit agreement governing the facility and are reported to the lenders quarterly. A failure to comply with these financial covenants could allow the lending banks to terminate the availability of funds under the revolving credit facility or cause any outstanding borrowings to become due and payable prior to maturity. The credit agreement governing the facility and the indentures governing the senior notes also impose restrictions on the creation of secured debt and liens. At September 30, 2021, the Company was in compliance with all of the covenants, limitations and restrictions of its homebuilding revolving credit facility and public debt obligations. 
 
 D.R. Horton has an automatically effective universal shelf registration statement filed with the SEC in July 2021, registering debt and equity securities that the Company may issue from time to time in amounts to be determined. 
 
 In October 2020, the Company issued million principal amount of senior notes due , with interest payable semi-annually. The annual effective interest rate of these notes after giving effect to the amortization of the discount and financing costs is . In December 2020, the Company repaid million principal amount of its senior notes at maturity. In August 2021, the Company issued million principal amount of senior notes due , with interest payable semi-annually. The annual effective interest rate of these notes after giving effect to the amortization of the discount and financing costs is . 

85 

Table of Contents 
 
 D.R. HORTON, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

September 2012 4.75 senior notes February 2013 5.75 senior notes August 2013 2.5 senior notes October 2019 2.6 senior notes May 2020 1.3 senior notes August 2021 1.4 senior notes October 2020 
 _____________ 
 (1) The Company may redeem the notes in whole at any time or in part from time to time, at a redemption price equal to the greater of of their principal amount or the present value of the remaining scheduled payments discounted to the redemption date, plus accrued and unpaid interest. In addition, the senior notes, senior notes and senior notes are redeemable at a redemption price of of their principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest, on or after the date that is three months prior to the final maturity date of the notes. The senior notes, the senior notes and the senior notes are redeemable at a redemption price of of their principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest, on or after the date that is one month prior to the final maturity date of the notes. The senior notes are redeemable at a redemption price of of their principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest, on or after the date that is two months prior to the final maturity of the notes. 
 (2) Interest is payable semi-annually on each of the series of senior notes. The annual effective interest rate is calculated after giving effect to the amortization of debt issuance costs and the discount, if applicable. 
 
 All series of homebuilding senior notes and borrowings under the homebuilding revolving credit facility are senior obligations and rank pari passu in right of payment to all existing and future unsecured indebtedness and senior to all existing and future indebtedness expressly subordinated to them. The homebuilding senior notes and borrowings under the homebuilding revolving credit facilities are guaranteed by entities that hold approximately of the Company s assets. Upon the occurrence of both a change of control of the Company and a ratings downgrade event, as defined in the indentures governing its senior notes, the Company would be required in certain circumstances to offer to repurchase these notes at of their principal amount, along with accrued and unpaid interest. Also, a change of control as defined in the revolving credit facility would constitute an event of default under the revolving credit facilities, which could result in the acceleration of any borrowings outstanding under the facilities and the termination of the commitments thereunder. 
 
 Effective July 30, 2019, the Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of up to million of the Company s debt securities. The authorization has no expiration date. All of the million authorization was remaining at September 30, 2021. 

86 

Table of Contents 
 
 D.R. HORTON, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

million with an uncommitted accordion feature that could increase the size of the facility to million, subject to certain conditions and availability of additional bank commitments. The maturity date of the facility was extended to April 16, 2025. The facility also provides for the issuance of letters of credit with a sublimit equal to the greater of million and of the revolving credit commitment. Borrowings under the revolving credit facility are subject to a borrowing base calculation based on Forestar s book value of its real estate assets and unrestricted cash. Letters of credit issued under the facility reduce the available borrowing capacity. Borrowings and repayments under the facility totaled million each during fiscal 2021. At September 30, 2021, there were borrowings outstanding and million of letters of credit issued under the revolving credit facility, resulting in available capacity of million. 
 
 The Forestar revolving credit facility includes customary affirmative and negative covenants, events of default and financial covenants. The financial covenants require Forestar to maintain a minimum level of tangible net worth, a minimum level of liquidity and a maximum allowable leverage ratio. These covenants are measured as defined in the credit agreement governing the facility and are reported to the lenders quarterly. A failure to comply with these financial covenants could allow the lending banks to terminate the availability of funds under the revolving credit facility or cause any outstanding borrowings to become due and payable prior to maturity. 
 
 In April 2021, Forestar issued million principal amount of senior notes that mature May 15, 2026 with interest payable semi-annually. The annual effective interest rate of the notes after giving effect to the amortization of financing costs is . The net proceeds from this issuance were primarily used to redeem Forestar s million principal amount of senior notes due 2024 in May 2021. The redemption price of million included a call premium of million and accrued and unpaid interest of million. Forestar recognized an million loss on extinguishment of debt upon redemption of the notes. Forestar also has million principal amount of senior notes that mature March 1, 2028. The annual effective interest rate of the notes after giving effect to the amortization of financing costs is . Forestar s senior notes may be redeemed prior to maturity, subject to certain limitations and premiums defined in the indenture agreements. 
 
 Forestar s revolving credit facility and its senior notes are not guaranteed by D.R. Horton, Inc. or any of the subsidiaries that guarantee the Company s homebuilding debt. At September 30, 2021, Forestar was in compliance with all of the covenants, limitations and restrictions of its revolving credit facility and senior note obligations. 
 
 Effective April 30, 2020, Forestar s Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of up to million of Forestar s debt securities. The authorization has no expiration date. All of the million authorization was remaining at September 30, 2021. 
 
 Financial Services: 
 
 The Company s mortgage subsidiary, DHI Mortgage, has a mortgage repurchase facility that provides financing and liquidity to DHI Mortgage by facilitating purchase transactions in which DHI Mortgage transfers eligible loans to the counterparties upon receipt of funds from the counterparties. DHI Mortgage then has the right and obligation to repurchase the purchased loans upon their sale to third-party purchasers in the secondary market or within specified time frames from 45 to 60 days in accordance with the terms of the mortgage repurchase facility. The total capacity of the facility is billion; however, the capacity automatically increases during certain higher volume periods and can be further increased through additional commitments. The total capacity of the facility at September 30, 2021 was billion, and its maturity date is February 18, 2022. 
 
 As of September 30, 2021, billion of mortgage loans held for sale with a collateral value of billion were pledged under the mortgage repurchase facility. As a result of advance paydowns totaling million, DHI Mortgage had an obligation of billion outstanding under the mortgage repurchase facility at September 30, 2021 at a annual interest rate. 
 
 87 

Table of Contents 
 
 D.R. HORTON, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

NOTE E 
 
 Interest incurred (1) 
 Interest charged to cost of sales ) ) ) Capitalized interest, end of year 
 _________________________ 
 (1) Interest incurred includes interest on the Company's mortgage repurchase facility of million, million and million in fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. Also included in interest incurred is Forestar interest of million, million and million in fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. 
 
 88 

Table of Contents 
 
 D.R. HORTON, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Model home furniture Office furniture and equipment Land Single-family rental properties (1) Single-family rental properties Land Total single-family rental properties Accumulated depreciation ) ) Total homebuilding Other Businesses Multi-family rental properties (1) Multi-family rental properties Land Total multi-family rental properties Energy related assets Office furniture and equipment Land Accumulated depreciation ) ) Total other businesses Forestar, net Financial services, net Rental, net Eliminations ) Property and equipment, net 
 __________________ 
 (1) Single-family and multi-family rental property assets totaling million and million, respectively, are recorded as rental property inventory at September 30, 2021. 
 
 Depreciation expense was million, million and million in fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. 
 89 

Table of Contents 
 
 D.R. HORTON, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

NOTE G 
 
 billion and an aggregate outstanding principal balance of billion. At September 30, 2020, mortgage loans held for sale had an aggregate carrying value of billion and an aggregate outstanding principal balance of billion. During the years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019, mortgage loans originated totaled billion, billion and billion, respectively, and mortgage loans sold totaled billion, billion and billion, respectively. The Company had gains on sales of loans and servicing rights of million, million and million during the years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. Net gains on sales of loans and servicing rights are included in revenues in the consolidated statements of operations. During fiscal 2021, approximately of the Company s mortgage loans were sold directly to Fannie Mae or into securities backed by Ginnie Mae, and were sold to two other major financial entities. 
 
 To manage the interest rate risk inherent in its mortgage operations, the Company hedges its risk using derivative instruments, generally forward sales of mortgage-backed securities (MBS), which are referred to as hedging instruments in the following discussion. The Company does not enter into or hold derivatives for trading or speculative purposes. 
 
 Newly originated loans that have been closed but not committed to third-party purchasers are hedged to mitigate the risk of changes in their fair value. Hedged loans are committed to third-party purchasers typically within three days after origination. The notional amounts of the hedging instruments used to hedge mortgage loans held for sale may vary in relationship to the underlying loan amounts, depending on the movements in the value of each hedging instrument relative to the value of the underlying mortgage loans. The fair value change related to the hedging instruments generally offsets the fair value change in the mortgage loans held for sale. The net fair value change, which for the years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019 was not significant, is recognized in revenues in the consolidated statements of operations. At September 30, 2021 and 2020, the Company s mortgage loans held for sale that were not committed to third-party purchasers totaled billion and billion, respectively. 
 
 The Company also uses hedging instruments as part of a program to offer below market interest rate financing to its homebuyers. At September 30, 2021 and 2020, the Company had MBS totaling million and billion, respectively, that did not yet have interest rate lock commitments (IRLCs) or closed loans created or assigned and recorded an asset of million at September 30, 2021 and a liability of million at September 30, 2020 for the fair value of such MBS position. 
 
 Loan Commitments and Related Derivatives 
 
 The Company is party to IRLCs, which are extended to borrowers who have applied for loan funding and meet defined credit and underwriting criteria. At September 30, 2021 and 2020, the notional amount of IRLCs, which are accounted for as derivative instruments recorded at fair value, totaled billion and billion, respectively. 
 
 The Company manages interest rate risk related to its IRLCs through the use of best-efforts whole loan delivery commitments and hedging instruments. These instruments are considered derivatives in an economic hedge and are accounted for at fair value with gains and losses recognized in revenues in the consolidated statements of operations. At September 30, 2021 and 2020, the notional amount of best-efforts whole loan delivery commitments totaled million and million, respectively, and the notional amount of hedging instruments related to IRLCs not yet committed to purchasers totaled billion and billion, respectively. 

90 

Table of Contents 
 
 D.R. HORTON, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

million and million, respectively. 
 
 The Company has recorded reserves for estimated losses on other mortgage loans, real estate owned and future loan repurchase obligations due to the limited recourse provisions, all of which are recorded as reductions of revenue. The loss reserve for loan repurchase and settlement obligations is estimated based on historical experience, analysis of the volume of mortgages originated, discussions with mortgage purchasers and current housing and credit market conditions, as well as known and projected mortgage loan repurchase requests. The reserve balances at September 30, 2021 and 2020 totaled million and million, respectively. 
 
 Other mortgage loans and real estate owned net of the related loss reserves are included in other assets, while loan repurchase obligations are included in accrued expenses and other liabilities in the Company s consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 91 

Table of Contents 
 
 D.R. HORTON, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

NOTE H 
 
 State Deferred tax expense (benefit): Federal ) State ) ) Total income tax expense 
 
 The Company s effective tax rate was , and in fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. The effective tax rates for all years include an expense for state income taxes and tax benefits related to stock-based compensation. The effective tax rates for fiscal 2021 and 2020 include a reduction of and , respectively, for tax benefits related to the federal energy efficient homes tax credit. The effective tax rate for fiscal 2020 also includes a reduction of for a tax benefit related to the release of a valuation allowance against the Company s state deferred tax assets. 
 
 Reconciliation of Expected Income Tax Expense 
 
 to income before income taxes during each year is due to the following: 
 Year Ended September 30, 2021 2020 2019 (In millions) Income taxes at federal statutory rate Increase (decrease) in tax resulting from: State income taxes, net of federal benefit Valuation allowance ) ) ) Tax credits ) ) ) Excess tax benefit from stock-based compensation ) ) ) Tax contingencies ) Other Total income tax expense 

92 

Table of Contents 
 
 D.R. HORTON, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Inventory impairments Warranty and construction defect costs Net operating loss carryforwards Tax credit carryforwards Incentive compensation plans Other Total deferred tax assets Valuation allowance ) ) Total deferred tax assets, net of valuation allowance Deferred tax liabilities: Deferral of profit on home closings Depreciation of fixed assets Other Total deferred tax liabilities Deferred income taxes, net 
 
 D.R. Horton has million of tax benefits for state net operating loss (NOL) carryforwards that expire at various times depending on the tax jurisdiction. Of the total amount, million of the tax benefits expire over the next ten years and the remaining million expire from fiscal years 2032 to 2041. Forestar has million of tax benefits for state NOL carryforwards that expire at various times depending on the tax jurisdiction. 
 
 The accounting for deferred taxes is based upon estimates of future results. Differences between the anticipated and actual outcomes of these future results could have a material impact on the Company s consolidated results of operations or financial position. Also, changes in existing federal and state tax laws and tax rates could affect future tax results and the valuation of the Company s deferred tax assets. 
 
 Valuation Allowance 
 
 The Company has a valuation allowance of million and million at September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively, related to state deferred tax assets for NOL carryforwards that are more likely than not to expire before being realized. The Company will continue to evaluate both the positive and negative evidence in determining the need for a valuation allowance with respect to the remaining state NOL carryforwards. Any reversal of the valuation allowance in future periods will impact the Company s effective tax rate. 

93 

Table of Contents 
 
 D.R. HORTON, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Additions attributable to tax positions taken in the current year Additions attributable to tax positions taken in prior years Settlements ) Unrecognized tax benefits, end of year 
 
 The total amount of unrecognized tax benefits that, if recognized, would impact the effective tax rate is million. The Company had no accrued interest or penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits at September 30, 2021. The Company classifies interest expense and penalties on income taxes as income tax expense. 
 
 Regulations and Legislation 
 
 D.R. Horton is subject to federal income tax and state income tax in multiple jurisdictions. The statute of limitations for D.R. Horton s major tax jurisdictions remains open for examination for fiscal years 2018 through 2021. A federal refund claim related to the retroactive extension of energy efficient homes tax credits for fiscal 2018 is currently under audit by the Internal Revenue Service. D.R. Horton is under audit by various states, however, the Company is not aware of any significant findings by the state taxing authorities. 
 
 Forestar is subject to federal income tax and state income tax in multiple jurisdictions. The statute of limitations for Forestar s major tax jurisdictions remains open for examination for tax years 2016 through 2021. Forestar is not currently under audit for federal or state income taxes. 
 
 94 

Table of Contents 
 
 D.R. HORTON, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

NOTE I 
 
 Denominator: Denominator for basic earnings per share weighted average common shares Effect of dilutive securities: Employee stock awards Denominator for diluted earnings per share adjusted weighted average common shares Basic net income per common share attributable to D.R. Horton, Inc. Diluted net income per common share attributable to D.R. Horton, Inc. 

NOTE J 
 
 shares of common stock issued and shares outstanding. shares of preferred stock were issued or outstanding. 
 
 At September 30, 2021, Forestar had an effective shelf registration statement filed with the SEC in September 2018, registering million of equity securities, of which million was reserved for sales under its at-the-market equity offering program. During fiscal 2021, Forestar issued million shares of common stock under its at-the-market equity offering program for proceeds of million, net of commissions and other issuance costs. At September 30, 2021, million remained available for issuance under Forestar s shelf registration statement, of which million was reserved for sales under its at-the-market equity offering program. In October 2021, after the expiration of Forestar s existing registration statement and at-the-market equity offering program, a new shelf registration statement became effective, registering million of equity securities. 
 
 In April 2021, the Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of up to billion of the Company s common stock, replacing the prior authorization. The authorization has no expiration date. During fiscal 2021, the Company repurchased million shares of its common stock for million. At September 30, 2021, there was million remaining on the repurchase authorization. 
 
 The Board of Directors approved and paid quarterly cash dividends of per common share in fiscal 2021 and per common share in fiscal 2020. In October 2021, the Board of Directors approved a quarterly cash dividend of per common share, payable on December 15, 2021, to stockholders of record on December 6, 2021. 

95 

Table of Contents 
 
 D.R. HORTON, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

NOTE K 
 
 million, million and million of expense for matching contributions in fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. 
 
 The Company s Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan (SERP) is a non-qualified deferred compensation program that provides benefits payable to certain management employees upon retirement, death or termination of employment. Under the SERP, the Company accrues an unfunded benefit based on a percentage of the eligible employees salaries, as well as an interest factor based upon a predetermined formula. The Company s liabilities related to the SERP were million and million at September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The Company recorded million, million and million of expense for this plan in fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. 
 
 The Company has a deferred compensation plan available to a select group of employees which allows participating employees to contribute compensation into the plan on a before tax basis and defer income taxation on the contributions until the funds are withdrawn from the plan. The participating employees designate investments for their contributions; however, the Company is not required to invest the contributions in the designated investments. The Company s net liabilities related to the deferred compensation plan were million and million at September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The Company records as expense the amount that the employee contributions would have earned had the funds been invested in the designated investments. Related to this plan, the Company recorded expense of million, million and million in fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. 
 
 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
 
 The Company s Employee Stock Purchase Plan provides eligible employees the opportunity to purchase common stock of the Company at a discounted price of of the fair market value of the stock on the designated dates of purchase. The price to eligible employees may be further discounted depending on the average fair market value of the stock during the period and certain other criteria. Under the terms of the plan, the total fair market value of common stock that an eligible employee may purchase each year is limited to the lesser of of the employee s annual compensation or . Under the plan, employees purchased shares for million in fiscal 2021, shares for million in fiscal 2020 and shares for million in fiscal 2019. At September 30, 2021, the Company had million shares of common stock reserved for issuance pursuant to the Employee Stock Purchase Plan. 
 
 Incentive Bonus Plan 
 
 The Company s Incentive Bonus Plan provides for the Compensation Committee to award short-term performance bonuses to senior management based upon the level of achievement of certain criteria. For fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019, the Compensation Committee approved awards whereby certain executive officers could earn performance bonuses based upon percentages of the Company s pre-tax income. Compensation expense related to these plans was million, million and million in fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. 

96 

Table of Contents 
 
 D.R. HORTON, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

million shares of common stock reserved for issuance and million shares available for future grants under the Stock Incentive Plan. 
 
 Time-Based Restricted Stock Unit (RSU) Equity Awards 
 
 Time-based RSUs represent the contingent right to receive one share of the Company s common stock if the vesting conditions are satisfied. The time-based RSUs have no dividend or voting rights during the vesting period. 
 
 During fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019, time-based RSUs were granted to the Company s executive officers, other key employees and non-management directors (collectively, approximately , and recipients, respectively). These awards vest annually in equal installments over periods of three to . 
 
 Granted Vested ) ) ) Cancelled ) ) ) Outstanding at end of year 
 
 The total fair value of shares vested on the vesting date during fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019 was million, million and million, respectively. For fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019, compensation expense related to time-based RSUs was million, million and million, respectively. At September 30, 2021, there was million of unrecognized compensation expense related to unvested time-based RSU awards. This expense is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of years. 
 
 Performance-Based Restricted Stock Unit (RSU) Equity Awards 
 
 During fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019, performance-based RSU equity awards that vest at the end of three-year performance periods were granted to the Company s executive officers. The number of units that ultimately vest depends on the Company s relative position as compared to its peers in achieving certain performance criteria and can range from to of the number of units granted. The performance criteria are total shareholder return, return on investment, SG A expense containment and gross profit. Each of these performance-based RSUs represents the contingent right to receive one share of the Company s common stock if the vesting conditions and performance criteria are satisfied. The performance-based RSUs have no dividend or voting rights during the performance period. Compensation expense related to these grants is based on the Company s performance against its peer group, the elapsed portion of the performance period and the grant date fair value of the award. 
 
 97 

Table of Contents 
 
 D.R. HORTON, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

November 2019 September 2022 November 2020 September 2023 
 
 In October 2021, the Compensation Committee approved the issuance of the performance-based RSUs that vested in September 2021 in the form of shares of common stock to satisfy the awards. 
 
 Stock Options 
 Stock options are granted at exercise prices which equal the market value of the Company s common stock at the date of the grant. The options outstanding at September 30, 2021 are all exercisable and expire years after the dates on which they were granted. 
 
 The Company did not grant stock options during fiscal 2021, 2020 or 2019. 
 Exercised ) ) ) Cancelled or expired ) Outstanding at end of year Exercisable at end of year 
 
 The aggregate intrinsic value of options exercised during fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019 was million, million and million, respectively. The intrinsic value of a stock option is the amount by which the market value of the underlying stock exceeds the option exercise price. 
 
 The aggregate intrinsic value of options outstanding and exercisable at September 30, 2021 was million. Exercise prices for options outstanding at September 30, 2021 ranged from to . The weighted average remaining contractual lives of options outstanding and exercisable at September 30, 2021 is years. 
 
 98 

Table of Contents 
 
 D.R. HORTON, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

NOTE L 
 
 Warranties issued Changes in liability for pre-existing warranties Settlements made ) ) Warranty liability, end of year 
 
 Legal Claims and Insurance 
 
 The Company is named as a defendant in various claims, complaints and other legal actions in the ordinary course of business. At any point in time, the Company is managing several hundred individual claims related to construction defect matters, personal injury claims, employment matters, land development issues, contract disputes and other matters. The Company has established reserves for these contingencies based on the estimated costs of pending claims and the estimated costs of anticipated future claims related to previously closed homes. The estimated liabilities for these contingencies were million and million at September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively, and are included in accrued expenses and other liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets. Approximately of these reserves related to construction defect matters at both September 30, 2021 and 2020. Expenses related to the Company s legal contingencies were million, million and million in fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. 
 
 The Company s reserves for construction defect claims include the estimated costs of both known claims and anticipated future claims. As of September 30, 2021, no individual existing claim was material to the Company s financial statements. The Company has closed a significant number of homes during recent years and may be subject to future construction defect claims on these homes. Although regulations vary from state to state, construction defect issues can generally be reported for up to ten years after the home has closed in many states in which the Company operates. Historical data and trends regarding the frequency of claims incurred and the costs to resolve claims relative to the types of products and markets where the Company operates are used to estimate the construction defect liabilities for both existing and anticipated future claims. These estimates are subject to ongoing revision as the circumstances of individual pending claims and historical data and trends change. Adjustments to estimated reserves are recorded in the accounting period in which the change in estimate occurs. 

99 

Table of Contents 
 
 D.R. HORTON, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Increase in reserves Payments ) ) Reserves for legal claims, end of year 
 
 In the majority of states in which it operates, the Company generally has, and requires the majority of the subcontractors it uses to have, general liability insurance which includes construction defect coverage. The Company s general liability insurance policies protect it against a portion of its risk of loss from construction defect and other claims and lawsuits. The Company estimates and records receivables under these policies for known claims and anticipated future construction defect claims on previously closed homes and other legal claims and lawsuits incurred in the ordinary course of business when recovery is probable. However, because the self-insured retentions under these policies are significant, the Company anticipates it will largely be self-insured. The Company s estimated insurance receivables from estimated losses for pending legal claims and anticipated future claims related to previously closed homes totaled million and million at September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively, and are included in other assets in the consolidated balance sheets. Additionally, the Company may have the ability to recover a portion of its losses from its subcontractors and their insurance carriers when the Company has been named as an additional insured on their insurance policies. 
 
 In some states where the Company believes it is too difficult or expensive for its subcontractors to obtain general liability insurance, the Company has waived its normal subcontractor general liability insurance requirements to obtain lower costs from subcontractors. In these states, the Company purchases insurance policies from either third-party carriers or its 100 owned captive insurance subsidiary and names certain subcontractors as additional insureds. The policies issued by the captive insurance subsidiary and the policies issued on or after June 1, 2020 by third-party carriers essentially represent self-insurance of these risks by the Company. 
 
 The Company is self-insured for the deductible amounts under its workers compensation insurance policies. The deductibles vary by policy year, but in no years exceed million per occurrence. The deductible for the 2020, 2021 and 2022 policy years is million per occurrence. 
 
 The estimation of losses related to these reserves and the related estimates of recoveries from insurance policies are subject to a high degree of variability due to uncertainties such as trends in construction defect claims relative to the Company s markets and the types of products built, claim frequency, claim settlement costs and patterns, insurance industry practices and legal interpretations, among others. Due to the high degree of judgment required in establishing reserves for these contingencies, actual future costs and recoveries from insurance could differ significantly from current estimated amounts, and it is not possible for the Company to make a reasonable estimate of the possible loss or range of loss in excess of its reserves. 
 
 100 

Table of Contents 
 
 D.R. HORTON, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

billion, consisting of cash deposits of million and promissory notes and surety bonds of million, related to contracts to purchase land and lots with a total remaining purchase price of approximately billion. The majority of land and lots under contract are currently expected to be purchased within three years. Of these amounts, million of the deposits related to contracts with Forestar to purchase land and lots with a remaining purchase price of billion. A limited number of the homebuilding land and lot purchase contracts at September 30, 2021, representing million of remaining purchase price, were subject to specific performance provisions that may require the Company to purchase the land or lots upon the land sellers meeting their respective contractual obligations. Of the million remaining purchase price subject to specific performance provisions, million related to contracts between the homebuilding segment and Forestar. 
 
 During fiscal 2021 and 2020, Forestar reimbursed the homebuilding segment million and million, respectively, for previously paid earnest money and million and million, respectively, for pre-acquisition and other due diligence costs related to land purchase contracts whereby the homebuilding segment assigned its rights under contract to Forestar. 
 
 Other Commitments 
 
 At September 30, 2021, the Company had outstanding surety bonds of billion and letters of credit of million to secure performance under various contracts. Of the total letters of credit, million were issued under the homebuilding revolving credit facility and million were issued under Forestar s revolving credit facility. 
 
 The Company leases office space and equipment under non-cancelable operating leases. 
 Fiscal 2023 Fiscal 2024 Fiscal 2025 Fiscal 2026 Thereafter 
 Rent expense was million, million and million for fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. 
 101 

Table of Contents 
 
 D.R. HORTON, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

NOTE M 
 
 Insurance receivables Other receivables Prepaid assets Contract assets - insurance agency commissions Lease right of use assets Interest rate lock commitments Margin deposits Mortgage servicing rights Mortgage hedging instruments and commitments Other 

Employee compensation and related liabilities Warranty liability Customer deposits Inventory related accruals Federal and state income tax liabilities Accrued property taxes Lease liabilities Accrued interest Mortgage hedging instruments and commitments Other 
 
 102 

Table of Contents 
 
 D.R. HORTON, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

NOTE N 
 
 103 

Table of Contents 
 
 D.R. HORTON, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

104 

Table of Contents 
 
 D.R. HORTON, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Mortgage servicing rights (2) Other assets Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments (3): Interest rate lock commitments (4) Other assets Forward sales of mortgage-backed securities Other assets 
 
 Fair Value at September 30, 2020 Balance Sheet Location Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total (In millions) Debt securities collateralized by residential real estate Other assets Mortgage loans held for sale (1) Mortgage loans held for sale Mortgage servicing rights (2) Other assets Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments (3): Interest rate lock commitments Other assets Forward sales of mortgage-backed securities Other liabilities ) ) 
 
 Level 3 Assets at Fair Value for the Year Ended September 30, 2021 Balance at September 30, 2020 Net realized and unrealized gains (losses) Purchases / Originations Sales and Settlements Principal Reductions Net transfers to (out of) Level 3 Balance at September 30, 2021 (In millions) Debt securities collateralized by residential real estate 
 ) Mortgage loans held for sale (1) 
 ) ) Mortgage servicing rights (2) ) ) Level 3 Assets at Fair Value for the Year Ended September 30, 2020 Balance at September 30, 2019 Net realized and unrealized gains (losses) Purchases / Originations Sales and Settlements Principal Reductions Net transfers to (out of) Level 3 Balance at September 30, 2020 (In millions) Debt securities collateralized by residential real estate 
 Mortgage loans held for sale (1) 
 ) Mortgage servicing rights (2) 
 ___________________________________________ 
 (1) The Company typically elects the fair value option upon origination for mortgage loans held for sale. Interest income earned on mortgage loans held for sale is based on contractual interest rates and included in other income. Mortgage loans held for sale valued using Level 3 inputs at September 30, 2021 and 2020 include million and million, respectively, of loans for which the Company elected the fair value option upon origination and did not sell into the secondary market. Mortgage loans held for sale totaling million were transferred to Level 3 during fiscal 2020 due to significant unobservable inputs used in determining the fair value of these loans. The fair value of these mortgage loans held for sale is generally calculated considering pricing in the secondary market and adjusted for the value of the underlying collateral, including interest rate risk, liquidity risk and prepayment risk. The Company plans to sell these loans as market conditions permit. Mortgage loans totaling million were transferred to Level 2 during fiscal 2021 because their fair value was based on actual quoted prices related to the pending sale of those loans in the secondary market. 
 (2) Although the majority of the Company s mortgage loans are sold on a servicing-released basis, when the servicing rights are retained, the Company records them at fair value using third-party valuations. The valuation at the time the servicing asset is retained is reflected in the purchases/originations column with subsequent changes in value classified as realized and unrealized gains (losses). The key assumptions used in the valuation, which are generally unobservable inputs, are mortgage prepayment rates, discount rates and delinquency rates, which were , and , respectively, at September 30, 2021. 
 105 

Table of Contents 
 
 D.R. HORTON, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

million of servicing release premiums in other assets and a change in fair value of million in other liabilities. 
 
 Other mortgage loans (1) (3) 
 Other assets 
 ______________ 
 (1) The fair values included in the table above represent only those assets whose carrying values were adjusted to fair value as a result of impairment in the respective period and were held at the end of the period. 
 (2) These mortgage loans have some degree of impairment affecting their marketability and are valued at the lower of carrying value or fair value. When available, quoted prices in the secondary market are used to determine fair value (Level 2); otherwise, a cash flow valuation model is used to determine fair value (Level 3). 
 . 
 
 Restricted cash (1) 
 Notes payable (2) (3) 

Carrying Value Fair Value at September 30, 2020 Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total (In millions) Cash and cash equivalents (1) 
 Restricted cash (1) 
 Notes payable (2) (3) 
 
 ______________ 
 (1) The fair values of cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash approximate their carrying values due to their short-term nature and are classified as Level 1 within the fair value hierarchy. 
 (2) The fair value of the senior notes is determined based on quoted prices, which is classified as Level 2 within the fair value hierarchy. 
 (3) The fair values of other secured notes and borrowings on the revolving credit facility and the mortgage repurchase facility approximate carrying value due to their short-term nature or floating interest rate terms, as applicable, and are classified as Level 3 within the fair value hierarchy. 

106 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 
 None. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 As of the end of the period covered by this report, an evaluation was performed under the supervision and with the participation of the Company s management, including the Chief Executive Officer (CEO) and Chief Financial Officer (CFO), of the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Based on that evaluation, the CEO and CFO concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures as of September 30, 2021 were effective in providing reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed in the reports the Company files, furnishes, submits or otherwise provides the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that information required to be disclosed in reports filed by the Company under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the Company s management, including the CEO and CFO, in such a manner as to allow timely decisions regarding the required disclosure. 
 
 There have been no changes in the Company s internal controls over financial reporting during the quarter ended September 30, 2021 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

MANAGEMENT S REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING 
 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Internal control over financial reporting is a process to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of our financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 Management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the framework in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this evaluation, management concluded that the Company s internal control over financial reporting was effective as of September 30, 2021. 
 
 Ernst Young LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, has audited the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2021, as stated in their report included herein. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 None. 
 107 

Table of Contents 

 PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 
 The information required by this item is set forth under the captions Proposal One Election of Directors, Corporate Governance and Board Matters and Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports, if applicable, in the registrant s definitive Proxy Statement for the 2022 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 
 The information required by this item is set forth under the captions Executive Compensation and CEO Pay Ratio in the registrant s definitive Proxy Statement for the 2022 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 
 Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans 
 
 The following table summarizes our equity compensation plans as of September 30, 2021. 
 (a) Number of Shares to be Issued Upon Exercise of Outstanding Options, Warrants and Rights (b) Weighted-Average Exercise Price of Outstanding Options, Warrants and Rights (c) Number of Securities Remaining Available for Future Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans (Excluding Securities Reflected in Column (a)) Plan Category Equity compensation plans approved by stockholders 6,013,041 (1) 23.84 (2) 8,727,777 (3) Equity compensation plans not approved by stockholders 
 n/a Total 6,013,041 23.84 8,727,777 
 ______________ 
 (1) Amount includes outstanding stock option and restricted stock unit awards. The number of outstanding performance-based restricted stock unit awards is based on the target number of units granted. 
 (2) Amount reflects the weighted average exercise price with respect to outstanding stock options and does not take into account outstanding restricted stock units, which do not have an exercise price. 
 (3) Amount includes 2,714,736 shares reserved for issuance under the Company s Employee Stock Purchase Plan. Under the Employee Stock Purchase Plan, employees purchased 112,995 shares of common stock in fiscal 2021. 
 
 The remaining information required by this item is set forth under the caption Beneficial Ownership of Common Stock in the registrant s definitive Proxy Statement for the 2022 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and incorporated herein by reference. 
 108 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 
 The information required by this item is set forth under the captions Certain Relationships and Related Person Transactions and Corporate Governance and Board Matters in the registrant s definitive Proxy Statement for the 2022 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 
 The information required by this item is set forth under the caption Independent Registered Public Accountants in the registrant s definitive Proxy Statement for the 2022 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and incorporated herein by reference. 
 109 

Table of Contents 

 PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 
 (a) The following documents are filed as part of this report. 
 (1) Financial Statements 
 Our consolidated financial statements are included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 (2) Financial Statement Schedules 
 All financial statement schedules are omitted because they are not applicable or the required information is included in the consolidated financial statements or notes thereto. 
 (3) Exhibits 
 The exhibits listed in (b) are filed or incorporated by reference as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 (b) Exhibits 
 Exhibit Number Exhibit 2.1 Agreement and Plan of Merger dated June 29, 2017 by and among the Company, Force Merger Sub, Inc. and Forestar Group Inc. (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 2.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 29, 2017). 
 3.1 Certificate of Amendment of the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as amended, of the Company, dated January 31, 2006, and the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as amended, of the Company dated March 18, 1992 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended December 31, 2005, filed with the SEC on February 2, 2006). 
 3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 8, 2017). 
 4.1 See Exhibit 3.1. 
 4.2 Senior Debt Securities Indenture, dated as of May 1, 2012, between Company and American Stock Transfer Trust Company, LLC, as Trustee (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 4, 2012). 
 4.3 Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of September 14, 2012, among the Company, the Guarantors named therein and American Stock Transfer Trust Company, LLC, as Trustee, relating to the 4.375 Senior Notes due 2022 issued by the Company (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 17, 2012). 
 4.4 Fourth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of February 5, 2013, among the Company, the Guarantors named therein and American Stock Transfer Trust Company, LLC, as Trustee, relating to the 4.750 Senior Notes due 2023 issued by the Company (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 8, 2013). 
 4.5 Fifth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of February 5, 2013, among the Company, the Guarantors named therein and American Stock Transfer Trust Company, LLC, as trustee (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 8, 2013). 
 4.6 Sixth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of August 5, 2013, among the Company, the Guarantors named therein and American Stock Transfer Trust Company, LLC, as Trustee, relating to the 5.750 Senior Notes Due 2023 issued by the Company (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 8, 2013). 
 4.7 Tenth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of December 5, 2017, among the Company, the Guarantors named therein and American Stock Transfer Trust Company, LLC, as trustee (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 5, 2017). 
 
 110 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit Number Exhibit 4.8 Eleventh Supplemental Indenture, dated as of October 10, 2019, among the Company, the guarantors named therein, American Stock Transfer Trust Company, LLC, as original trustee, and Branch Banking and Trust Company, as series trustee (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 10, 2019). 
 4.9 Senior Debt Securities Indenture, dated as of October 10, 2019, among the Company and Branch Banking and Trust Company, as trustee (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 10, 2019). 
 4.10 First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of October 10, 2019, among the Company, the guarantors named therein and Branch Banking and Trust Company, as trustee, relating to the 2.500 Senior Notes Due 2024 issued by the Company (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 10, 2019). 
 4.11 Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of May 5, 2020, among the Company, the guarantors named therein and Branch Banking and Trust Company, as trustee, relating to the 2.600 Senior Notes Due 2025 issued by the Company (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 5, 2020). 
 4.12 Indenture, dated as of February 25, 2020, by and among Forestar Group Inc., the subsidiary guarantors party thereto and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of Forestar s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 25, 2020). 
 4.13 Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of October 2, 2020, among the Company, the guarantors named therein and Truist Bank (formerly known as Branch Banking and Trust Company), as trustee, relating to the 1.400 Senior Notes Due 2027 issued by the Company (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 2, 2020). 
 4.14 Description of Securities (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4.17 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2019, filed with the SEC on November 25, 2019). 
 4.15 Indenture, dated as of April 21, 2021, by and among Forestar Group Inc., the subsidiary guarantors party thereto and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of Forestar s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 21, 2021). 
 4.16 Fourth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of August 5, 2021, among D.R. Horton, Inc., the guarantors named therein and Truist Bank (formerly known as Branch Banking and Trust Company), as trustee, relating to the 1.300 Senior Notes due 2026 of D.R. Horton, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 5, 2021). 
 4.17 Twelfth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of August 5, 2021, among D.R. Horton, Inc., the guarantors named therein and American Stock Transfer Trust Company, LLC, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 5, 2021). 
 4.18 Fifth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of August 5, 2021, among D.R. Horton, Inc., the guarantors named therein and Truist Bank (formerly known as Branch Banking and Trust Company), as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 5, 2021). 
 10.1 Form of Indemnification Agreement between the Company and each of its directors and executive officers and schedules of substantially identical documents (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 1995, filed with the SEC on November 22, 1995 (file number 1-14122); Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 1998, filed with the SEC on August 6, 1998; and Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2001, filed with the SEC on May 15, 2001). 
 10.2 D.R. Horton, Inc. 1991 Stock Incentive Plan, as amended and restated (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2002, filed with the SEC on August 13, 2002). 
 10.3 Amendment No. 1 to 1991 Stock Incentive Plan, as amended and restated (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2002, filed with the SEC on August 13, 2002). 
 
 111 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit Number Exhibit 10.4 Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement under the D.R. Horton, Inc. 1991 Stock Incentive Plan (Term Vesting) (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (Registration No. 3-81856), filed with the SEC on July 22, 1994). 10.5 D.R. Horton, Inc. 2006 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.6 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended December 31, 2005, filed with the SEC on February 2, 2006). 
 10.6 D.R. Horton, Inc. 2006 Stock Incentive Plan, as amended and restated (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 26, 2011). 
 10.7 D.R. Horton, Inc. 2006 Stock Incentive Plan, as amended and restated, effective as of December 11, 2014 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 26, 2015). 
 10.8 Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement under the D.R. Horton, Inc. 2006 Stock Incentive Plan (Employee - Term Vesting 2006 Form) (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2006, filed with the SEC on May 8, 2006). 
 10.9 Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement under the D.R. Horton, Inc. 2006 Stock Incentive Plan (Director - Term Vesting 2006 Form) (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2006, filed with the SEC on May 8, 2006). 
 10.10 Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement (Employee-Term Vesting 2008 Form) pursuant to the Company s 2006 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 15, 2008). 
 10.11 Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement (Outside Director-Term Vesting 2008 Form) pursuant to the Company s 2006 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 15, 2008). 
 10.12 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement pursuant to the Company s 2006 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 6, 2010). 
 10.13 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement pursuant to the Company s 2006 Stock Incentive Plan, as amended and restated (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 16, 2011). 
 10.14 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (Outside Director) pursuant to the Company s 2006 Stock Incentive Plan, as amended and restated (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended December 31, 2012, filed with the SEC on January 29, 2013). 
 10.15 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (Employees) pursuant to the Company s 2006 Stock Incentive Plan, as amended and restated (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 12, 2014). 
 10.16 Form of Time-Based Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (Employees) pursuant to the Company s 2006 Stock Incentive Plan, as amended and restated (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2015, filed with the SEC on April 24, 2015). 
 10.17 Form of Stock Award Agreement pursuant to the Company s 2006 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 6, 2010). 
 10.18 D.R. Horton, Inc. Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan No. 1 (incorporated by reference from the Company s Transitional Report on Form 10-K for the period from January 1, 1993 to September 30, 1993, filed with the SEC on December 28, 1993 (file number 1-14122)). 10.19 D.R. Horton, Inc. Amended and Restated Deferred Compensation Plan (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 16, 2008). 
 10.20 D.R. Horton, Inc. Amended and Restated Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan No. 2 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 16, 2008). 
 
 112 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit Number Exhibit 10.21 D.R. Horton, Inc. 2018 Incentive Bonus Plan, dated November 6, 2018 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 9, 2018). 
 10.22 Summary of Executive Compensation Notification - Chairman, CEO and COO (fiscal 2021) (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.23 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2020, filed with the SEC on November 20, 2020). 
 10.23 Summary of Executive Compensation Notification - Chairman, CEO and COO (fiscal 2022). 
 10.24 Summary of Executive Compensation Notification - Other Executive Officer - CFO (fiscal 2021) (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.25 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2020, filed with the SEC on November 20, 2020). 
 10.25 Summary of Executive Compensation Notification - Other Executive Officer - CFO (fiscal 2022). 
 10.26 Summary of Director, Committee and Chairperson Compensation (fiscal 2021) (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.27 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2020, filed with the SEC on November 20, 2020). 
 10.27 Summary of Director, Committee and Chairperson Compensation (fiscal 202 2 ). 
 10.28 Grantor Trust Agreement, dated June 21, 2002, by and between the Company and Wachovia Bank, National Association, as Trustee (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.34 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2002, filed with the SEC on December 13, 2002). 
 10.29 Credit Agreement, dated September 7, 2012, among the Company, the Lenders named therein and The Royal Bank of Scotland PLC, as Administrative Agent (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 10, 2012). 
 10.30 Amendment No.1 to Credit Agreement, dated November 1, 2012, among the Company, The Royal Bank of Scotland PLC, as Administrative Agent, and the Lenders named therein (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 5, 2012). 
 10.31 Amendment No. 2 to Credit Agreement, dated August 8, 2013 by and among the Company, The Royal Bank of Scotland PLC, as Administrative Agent, and the Lenders named therein (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 13, 2013). 
 10.32 Amendment No. 3 to Credit Agreement, dated August 22, 2014 by and among Company, The Royal Bank of Scotland PLC, as Administrative Agent, and the Lenders named therein (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 25, 2014). 
 10.33 Amendment No. 5 to Credit Agreement, dated August 26, 2015 by and among Company, Mizuho Bank, Ltd., as successor Administrative Agent, and the Lenders named therein (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 27, 2015). 
 10.34 Amendment No. 6 to Credit Agreement, dated September 25, 2017 by and among the Company, Mizuho Bank, Ltd., as successor Administrative Agent, and the Lenders named therein (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 28, 2017). 
 10.35 Amendment No. 7 to Credit Agreement, dated September 25, 2018 by and among the Company, Mizuho Bank, Ltd., as successor Administrative Agent, and the Lenders named therein (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 26, 2018). 
 10.36 Amendment No. 8 to Credit Agreement, dated February 15, 2019 by and among the Company, Mizuho Bank, Ltd., as successor Administrative Agent, and the Lenders named therein (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2019, filed with the SEC on April 30, 2019). 
 10.37 Amendment No. 9 to Credit Agreement, dated October 2, 2019 by and among the Company, Mizuho Bank, Ltd., as successor Administrative Agent, and the Lenders named therein (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 4, 2019). 
 
 113 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit Number Exhibit 10.38 Second Amended and Restated Master Repurchase Agreement, dated February 27, 2015, among DHI Mortgage Company, Ltd., U.S. Bank National Association, as Administrative Agent, Sole Book Runner, Lead Arranger, and a Buyer, and all other buyers (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 4, 2015). 
 10.39 First Amendment to Second Amended and Restated Master Repurchase Agreement, dated February 26, 2016, among DHI Mortgage Company, Ltd., U.S. Bank National Association, as Administrative Agent, Sole Book Runner, Lead Arranger, and a Buyer, and all other buyers (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 2, 2016). 
 10.40 Third Amendment to Second Amended and Restated Master Repurchase Agreement, dated September 23, 2016, among DHI Mortgage Company, Ltd., U.S. Bank National Association, as Administrative Agent, Sole Book Runner, Lead Arranger, and a Buyer, and all other buyers (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 27, 2016). 
 10.41 Fourth Amendment to Second Amended and Restated Master Repurchase Agreement, dated February 24, 2017, among DHI Mortgage Company, Ltd., U.S. Bank National Association, as Administrative Agent, Sole Book Runner, Lead Arranger, and a Buyer, and all other Buyers (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 28, 2017). 
 10.42 Fifth Amendment to Second Amended and Restated Master Repurchase Agreement, dated February 23, 2018, among DHI Mortgage Company, Ltd., U.S. Bank National Association, as Administrative Agent, Sole Book Runner, Lead Arranger, and a Buyer, and all other Buyers (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 28, 2018). 
 10.43 Sixth Amendment to Second Amended and Restated Master Repurchase Agreement, dated February 22, 2019, among DHI Mortgage Company, Ltd., U.S. Bank National Association, as Administrative Agent, Sole Book Runner, Lead Arranger, and a Buyer, and all other Buyers (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 22, 2019). 
 10.44 Seventh Amendment to Second Amended and Restated Master Repurchase Agreement, dated March 26, 2019, among DHI Mortgage Company, Ltd., U.S. Bank National Association, as Administrative Agent, Sole Book Runner, Lead Arranger, and a Buyer, and all other Buyers (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.44 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2019, filed with the SEC on November 25, 2019). 
 10.45 Eighth Amendment to Second Amended and Restated Master Repurchase Agreement, dated June 21, 2019, among DHI Mortgage Company, Ltd., U.S. Bank National Association, as Administrative Agent, Sole Book Runner, Lead Arranger, and a Buyer, and all other Buyers (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 26, 2019). 
 10.46 Ninth Amendment to Second Amended and Restated Master Repurchase Agreement, dated February 21, 2020, among DHI Mortgage Company, Ltd., U.S. Bank National Association, as Administrative Agent, Sole Book Runner, Lead Arranger, and a Buyer, and all other Buyers (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 26, 2020). 
 10.47 Tenth Amendment to Second Amended and Restated Master Repurchase Agreement, dated May 15, 2020, among DHI Mortgage Company, Ltd., U.S. Bank National Association, as Administrative Agent, Sole Book Runner, Lead Arranger, and a Buyer, and all other Buyers (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 21, 2020). 
 10.48 364-Day Credit Agreement, dated May 28, 2020, among the Company, the guarantors party thereto, Mizuho Bank, Ltd., as administrative agent, joint book runner, arranger, and a lender, and the other lenders party thereto (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 1, 2020). 
 10.49 Amended and Restated Custody Agreement, dated March 1, 2013, by and between DHI Mortgage Company, Ltd. and U.S. Bank National Association, as Administrative Agent and representative of certain buyers (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 4, 2015). 
 10.50 Stockholder s Agreement dated June 29, 2017 by and between the Company and Forestar Group Inc. (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 29, 2017). 
 
 114 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit Number Exhibit 10.51 Master Supply Agreement dated June 29, 2017 by and between the Company and Forestar Group Inc. (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 29, 2017). 
 10.52 Credit Agreement, dated August 16, 2018, among Forestar Group Inc., the lenders party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Forestar s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 17, 2018). 
 10.53 Amendment No. 1 to Credit Agreement, dated October 2, 2019 by and among Forestar Group Inc., JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent, and the Lenders named therein (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to Forestar s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 3, 2019). 
 10.54 Amendment No. 10 to Credit Agreement, dated April 20, 2021 by and among the Company, Mizuho Bank, Ltd., as successor Administrative Agent, and the Lenders named therein (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 22, 2021). 
 10.55 Amendment No. 2 to Credit Agreement, dated April 16, 2021 by and among Forestar Group Inc., JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent, and the Lenders named therein (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to Forestar s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 20, 2021). 
 10.56 Third Amended and Restated Master Repurchase Agreement, dated February 19, 2021, among DHI Mortgage Company, Ltd., U.S. Bank National Association, as Administrative Agent, Sole Book Runner, Lead Arranger, and a Buyer and all other Buyers (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 23, 2021). 
 21.1 Subsidiaries of D.R. Horton, Inc. 
 22.1 List of Guarantor Subsidiaries. 
 23.1 Consent of Ernst Young LLP, Dallas, Texas. 
 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 101.INS XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document contained in Exhibit 101). _____________________ Filed or furnished herewith. Submitted electronically herewith. Management contract or compensatory plan arrangement. 

ITEM 16. 10-K SUMMARY 
 
 None. 
 115 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 D.R. Horton, Inc. Date: November 18, 2021 By: /s/ Bill W. Wheat Bill W. Wheat Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 
 Signature Title Date /s/ David V. Auld President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) November 18, 2021 David V. Auld /s/ Bill W. Wheat Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) November 18, 2021 Bill W. Wheat /s/ Aron M. Odom Vice President and Controller (Principal Accounting Officer) November 18, 2021 Aron M. Odom /s/ Donald R. Horton Chairman of the Board and Director November 18, 2021 Donald R. Horton /s/ Barbara K. Allen Director November 18, 2021 Barbara K. Allen /s/ Brad S. Anderson Director November 18, 2021 Brad S. Anderson /s/ Michael R. Buchanan Director November 18, 2021 Michael R. Buchanan /s/ Benjamin S. Carson, Sr. Director November 18, 2021 Benjamin S. Carson, Sr. /s/ Michael W. Hewatt Director November 18, 2021 Michael W. Hewatt /s/ Maribess L. Miller Director November 18, 2021 Maribess L. Miller 
 
 116 

<EX-10.23>
 2
 a9302021exhibit1023.htm
 EX-10.23

Document 

Exhibit 10.23 
 Executive Compensation Notification 
 Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Co-Chief Operating Officers 

Fiscal 2022 Compensation Program of Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Co-Chief Operating Officers 
 
 Fiscal 2022 Base Salaries and Annual Incentive Bonus The table below sets forth the fiscal 2022 base salaries and bonuses for Mr. Horton, Mr. Auld, Mr. Murray and Mr. Romanowski. 
 Annual Base Salary Annual Incentive Bonus Name Office Fiscal 2022 Fiscal 2022 Donald R. Horton Chairman of the Board 1,000,000 See Below David V. Auld President and CEO 700,000 See Below Michael J. Murray Executive Vice President and COO 500,000 See Below Paul J. Romanowski Executive Vice President and COO 500,000 See Below 
 
 Fiscal 2022 Annual Incentive Bonus On October 27, 2021, the Compensation Committee approved performance-based goals for measuring short-term performance bonuses that may be earned by Mr. Horton, Mr. Auld, Mr. Murray and Mr. Romanowski during fiscal 2022. The fiscal 2022 performance goals were established under the Company s 2018 Incentive Bonus Plan. The fiscal 2022 performance goals for Mr. Horton, Mr. Auld, Mr. Murray and Mr. Romanowski relates to achieving positive consolidated pre-tax income as set forth below. 
 
 Annual Incentive Bonus Performance Related to Pre-Tax Income 
 
 Mr. Horton. Under the fiscal 2022 incentive bonus program, Mr. Horton has the opportunity to earn the following performance-based bonus 
 
 (1) Up to 0.6 of Pre-Tax Income of the Company for the six-month period ending March 31, 2022, and 
 (2) Up to 0.6 of Pre-Tax Income of the Company for the six-month period ending September 30, 2022. 
 
 The total amount of the fiscal 2022 Annual Incentive Bonus that may be paid in cash shall be limited to and capped at the first Ten Million Dollars 10,000,000) with the remainder (if any) of the bonus to be paid settled in fully vested common stock PTI Bonus Stock granted under the Company's 2006 Stock Incentive Plan, as amended and restated 2006 Plan or other applicable authorized shares. 
 
 The net PTI Bonus Stock (after the payment and or net withholding of common stock to cover all applicable taxes) received under the fiscal 2022 Annual Incentive Bonus shall have a holding period of three years PTI Stock Holding Period beginning from the start date of the fiscal 2022 Annual Incentive Bonus performance period of October 1, 2021. PTI Bonus Stock received from the fiscal 2022 Annual Incentive Bonus may be transferred, gifted or sold within the Horton family holdings (including beneficial ownership holdings) for tax planning, estate planning or asset protection purposes and continue to satisfy the PTI Stock Holding Period requirement. The preceding sentence applies to any such transfers, gifts or sales to any and all persons, entities and or trusts within the Horton family and holdings. 
 
 Mr. Auld. Under the fiscal 2022 incentive bonus program, Mr. Auld has the opportunity to earn the following performance-based bonus 
 
 (1) Up to 0.4 of Pre-Tax Income of the Company for the six-month period ending March 31, 2022, and 
 (2) Up to 0.4 of Pre-Tax Income of the Company for the six-month period ending September 30, 2022. 
 
 The total amount of the fiscal 2022 Annual Incentive Bonus that may be paid in cash shall be limited to and capped at the first Ten Million Dollars 10,000,000) with the remainder (if any) of the bonus to be paid settled in fully vested common stock 

PTI Bonus Stock granted under the Company's 2006 Stock Incentive Plan, as amended and restated 2006 Plan or other applicable authorized shares. 
 
 The net PTI Bonus Stock (after the payment and or net withholding of common stock to cover all applicable taxes) received under the fiscal 2022 Annual Incentive Bonus shall have a holding period of three years PTI Stock Holding Period beginning from the start date of the fiscal 2022 Annual Incentive Bonus performance period of October 1, 2021. PTI Bonus Stock received from the fiscal 2022 Annual Incentive Bonus may be transferred, gifted or sold within the Auld family holdings (including beneficial ownership holdings) for tax planning, estate planning or asset protection purposes and continue to satisfy the PTI Stock Holding Period requirement. The preceding sentence applies to any such transfers, gifts or sales to any and all persons, entities and or trusts within the Auld family and holdings. 
 
 Mr. Murray. Under the fiscal 2022 incentive bonus program, Mr. Murray has the opportunity to earn the following performance-based bonus 
 
 (1) Up to 0.15 of Pre-Tax Income of the Company for the six-month period ending March 31, 2022, and 
 (2) Up to 0.15 of Pre-Tax Income of the Company for the six-month period ending September 30, 2022. 
 
 Mr. Romanowski. Under the fiscal 2022 incentive bonus program, Mr. Romanowski has the opportunity to earn the following performance-based bonus 
 
 (1) Up to 0.15 of Pre-Tax Income of the Company for the six-month period ending March 31, 2022, and 
 (2) Up to 0.15 of Pre-Tax Income of the Company for the six-month period ending September 30, 2022. 

Pre-Tax Income shall mean income before income taxes, as publicly reported by the Company in its quarterly or annual financial statements, as applicable, prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. The financial statements shall mean the consolidated financial statements of the Company. 
 
 At the end of fiscal 2022, based on the performance of the Company, the Compensation Committee may use its sole discretion to adjust downward, in part or in whole, the Annual Incentive Bonus earned by the participant. Provided that, for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2022 no more than 0.6 of Pre-Tax Income for the year shall be paid to Mr. Horton, no more than 0.4 of Pre-Tax Income for the year shall be paid to Mr. Auld, no more than 0.15 of Pre-Tax Income for the year shall be paid to Mr. Murray and no more than 0.15 of Pre-Tax Income for the year shall be paid to Mr. Romanowski. 
 
 Performance Restricted Stock Units On October 27, 2021, the Compensation Committee approved an award of performance restricted stock units Performance RSUs pursuant to the Company's 2006 Stock Incentive Plan, as amended and restated 2006 Plan , to the following executive officers and in the following amounts 
 Name Office Target Number of Performance Restricted Stock Units Donald R. Horton Chairman of the Board 200,000 David V. Auld President and CEO 100,000 Michael J. Murray Executive Vice President and COO 30,000 Paul J. Romanowski Executive Vice President and COO 30,000 
 
 The Performance RSUs relate to a three-year performance period beginning on October 1, 2021 and ending on September 30, 2024 (the 2024 Performance Period ). The Performance RSUs will vest if four performance goals are satisfied. The four performance goals are relative total shareholder return TSR ), relative return on investment ROI ), relative selling, general and administrative expense containment SG&A and relative gross profit GP (collectively, the Performance Goals . Each Performance Goal is weighted twenty-five percent (25 of the target number of Performance RSUs. The target number of Performance RSUs may be increased to a maximum number of 400,000 for Mr. Horton, 200,000 for Mr. Auld, 60,000 for Mr. Murray and 60,000 for Mr. Romanowski upon maximum achievement of each of the four 

Performance Goals and decreased to a minimum number of zero upon minimum achievement of each of the four Performance Goals based on relative performance to the Company's peer group or the S&P 500 Index TSR, as applicable. 
 
 Additional terms related to the Compensation Programs herewithin are consistent with the programs previously reported by the Company in the Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting held in January 2021. 
 
 Other Long-Term Benefits. 
 Mr. Horton, Mr. Auld, Mr. Murray and Mr. Romanowski may participate in two separate deferred compensation plans. The first plan allows the executive to make voluntary income deferrals. The second plan is a promise by the Company to pay benefits to the executive. If the executive is employed by the Company on the last day of the fiscal year (for example September 30, 2022), then the Company will establish a liability equal to 10 of his annual base salary as of the first day of the fiscal year (for example October 1, 2021). This liability will accrue earnings in future years at a rate established by the administrative committee. 

</EX-10.23>

<EX-10.25>
 3
 a9302021exhibit1025.htm
 EX-10.25

Document 

Exhibit 10.25 
 Executive Compensation Notification 
 Chief Financial Officer 

Fiscal 2022 Compensation Program of Chief Financial Officer 
 
 Fiscal 2022 Base Salary and Other Compensation The table below sets forth the fiscal 2022 base salary and bonus for Mr. Wheat. 
 
 Annual Base Salary Discretionary Bonus Name Office Fiscal 2022 Fiscal 2022 Bill W. Wheat Executive Vice President and CFO 
 500,000 See Below 
 
 Discretionary Bonus and Other Long-Term Benefits The Board of Directors may award discretionary bonuses to Mr. Wheat based on his performance in fiscal 2022. In addition, Mr. Wheat may participate in two separate deferred compensation plans. The first plan allows the executive to make voluntary income deferrals. The second plan is a promise by the Company to pay benefits to the executive. If the executive is employed by the Company on the last day of the fiscal year (for example September 30, 2022), then the Company will establish a liability equal to 10 of his annual base salary as of the first day of the fiscal year (for example October 1, 2021). This liability will accrue earnings in future years at a rate established by the administrative committee. 
 
 Performance Restricted Stock Units On October 27, 2021, the Compensation Committee approved an award of performance restricted stock units Performance RSUs pursuant to the Company's 2006 Stock Incentive Plan, as amended and restated 2006 Plan ), to Mr. Wheat in the following amount 
 Name Office Target Number of Performance Restricted Stock Units Bill W. Wheat Executive Vice President and CFO 
 30,000 
 
 The Performance RSUs relate to a three-year performance period beginning on October 1, 2021 and ending on September 30, 2024 (the 2024 Performance Period ). The Performance RSUs will vest if four performance goals are satisfied. The four performance goals are relative total shareholder return TSR ), relative return on investment ROI ), relative selling, general and administrative expense containment SG&A and relative gross profit GP (collectively, the Performance Goals . Each Performance Goal is weighted twenty-five percent (25 of the target number of Performance RSUs. The target number of Performance RSUs may be increased to a maximum number of 60,000 for Mr. Wheat upon maximum achievement of each of the four Performance Goals and decreased to a minimum number of zero upon minimum achievement of each of the four Performance Goals based on relative performance to the Company's peer group or the S&P 500 Index TSR, as applicable. 

</EX-10.25>

<EX-10.27>
 4
 a9302021exhibit1027.htm
 EX-10.27

Document 

Exhibit 10.27 
 Summary of Director, Committee and Chairperson Compensation 

On October 27, 2021, the Board of Directors of the Company approved cash director fees, committee member fees and chairperson fees to be paid to non-management directors of the Company in fiscal 2022, for the meetings beginning in January 2022. Director fees, committee fees and chairperson fees are only paid to non-management directors as summarized below 
 
 Each non-management director will receive a director fee of 17,500 per Board meeting attended in person or by teleconference, paid quarterly and not to exceed 70,000 per year. 
 
 Each non-management director who serves on a committee of the Board of Directors will receive a fee of 1,250 per committee meeting attended in person or by teleconference, paid quarterly and not to exceed 5,000 per year. 
 
 Each non-management director who serves as the chairperson of a committee of the Board of Directors shall receive a fee of 625 per committee meeting attended in person or by teleconference, paid quarterly and not to exceed 2,500 per year. 

</EX-10.27>

<EX-21.1>
 5
 a9302021exhibit211.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 

Exhibit 21.1 
 
 SUBSIDIARIES OF D.R. HORTON, INC. 
 As of September 30, 2021 
 NAME 
 STATE OF 
 INCORPORATION OR ORGANIZATION 
 DOING BUSINESS AS ANN & 215, LLC Delaware Austin Data, Inc. Texas BP456, Inc. Delaware C. Richard Dobson Builders, Inc. Virginia Dobson Builders Cane Island, LLC Delaware CH Funding, LLC Delaware CH Investments of Texas, Inc. Delaware CHM Partners, L.P. Texas CHTEX of Texas, Inc. Delaware The Club at Cobblestone, LLC Delaware The Club at Hidden River, LLC Delaware Continental Homes, Inc. Delaware Astante Luxury Communities Astante Luxury Homes D.R. Horton - Astante Series D.R. Horton - Continental Series Traditions - D.R. Horton Continental Homes of Texas, L.P. Texas D.R. Horton America s Builder D.R. Horton Homes Emerald Homes Express Homes Freedom Homes Continental Residential, Inc. California Continental Homes D.R. Horton America s Builder Freedom Homes Horton Continental Continental Traditions, LLC Arizona Crown Operating Company, Inc. Delaware CV Mountain View 25 Inv, LLC Delaware Cypress Road, L.P. California DBC54, LLC Delaware Desert Ridge Phase I Partners Arizona DHI Commercial, Inc. Delaware DHI Commercial Acquisitions, Inc. Delaware DHI Commercial - Lakeview, LLC Delaware DHI Commercial - Signal Butte, LLC Delaware DHI Commercial - Tamarron, LLC Delaware 

NAME STATE OF INCORPORATION OR ORGANIZATION DOING BUSINESS AS 

 DHI Commercial - Westridge, LLC Delaware DHI Commercial Construction, LLC Delaware DHI Commercial Construction of Texas, LLC Delaware DHI Communities, Inc. Delaware DHI Communities DHI Communities II, LLC Delaware DHI Communities Construction, LLC Delaware DHI Communities Construction of Arizona, LLC Delaware DHI Communities Construction of Colorado, LLC Delaware DHI Communities Construction of Florida, LLC Delaware DHI Communities Construction of Iowa, LLC Delaware DHI Communities Construction of Nevada, LLC Delaware DHI Communities Construction of North Carolina, LLC Delaware DHI Communities Construction of South Carolina, LLC Delaware DHI Communities Construction of Texas, LLC Delaware DHI Communities Construction of Utah, LLC Delaware DHI Communities Construction of Virginia, LLC Delaware DHI Engineering, LLC Delaware DHI Insurance, Inc. Vermont DHI Mortgage Company Colorado CH Mortgage Company DHI Mortgage Company GP, Inc. Delaware DHI Mortgage Company LP, Inc. Delaware DHI Mortgage Company, Ltd. Texas CH Mortgage Company I, Ltd. CH Mortgage Company I, Ltd., L.P. CH Mortgage I, Ltd. DHI Mortgage Company, Ltd., Limited Partnership 
 DHI Ranch, Ltd. Texas DHI Power, LLC Delaware DHI Realty of Alabama, LLC Delaware DHI Realty of Mississippi, LLC Delaware DHI Title GP, Inc. Texas DHI Title LP, Inc. Delaware DHI Title of Alabama, Inc. Alabama DHI Title of Mississippi DHI Title of Arizona, Inc. Arizona DHI Title Agency DHI Title of Florida, Inc. Florida DHI Title Agency DHI Title of Minnesota, Inc. Delaware DHI Title of Louisiana 

NAME STATE OF INCORPORATION OR ORGANIZATION DOING BUSINESS AS 

 DHI Title of Nevada, Inc. Delaware DHI Title of Texas, Ltd. Texas DHI Title of Washington, Inc. Delaware DHI Verandah South Shores Communities, LLC Delaware D.R. Horton DHIC, LLC Delaware DHIC - Black Canyon, LLC Delaware DHIC - Bridges, LLC Delaware DHI Communities DHIC - Brittmore, LLC Delaware DHI Communities DHIC - Carolina Forest, LLC Delaware DHIC - Desert Peak, LLC Delaware DHI Communities DHIC - Durbin Creek, LLC Delaware DHI Communities DHIC - Freestone, LLC Delaware DHIC - Gateway, LLC Delaware DHIC Glendale, LLC Delaware DHIC Grove West, LLC Delaware DHIC - Hammock Landing, LLC Delaware DHI Communities DHIC - Harvey, LLC Delaware DHIC - Heritage, LLC Delaware DHIC - Horizon Uptown, LLC Delaware DHIC - Jacobs Reserve, LLC Delaware DHI Communities DHIC - James Pitts, LLC Delaware DHIC - Lakeview, LLC Delaware DHI Communities DHIC - Lipoma, LLC Delaware DHI Communities DHIC - Little Valley, LLC Delaware DHIC - Minton Cove, LLC Delaware Ascend at 95 DHIC - Mountain Vista, LLC Delaware DHIC - Naco, LLC Delaware DHI Communities DHIC - Nona West, LLC Delaware DHIC - Northshore, LLC Delaware DHIC - Oakpoint, LLC Delaware DHIC - Pioneer Hill, LLC Delaware DHIC - Prairie Village, LLC Delaware DHI Communities DHIC - Ridgewood, LLC Delaware 

NAME STATE OF INCORPORATION OR ORGANIZATION DOING BUSINESS AS 

 DHIC - Rockledge, LLC Delaware DHIC - South Creek, LLC Delaware DHI Communities DHIC South Park, LLC Delaware DHIC - Tamarron, LLC Delaware DHI Communities DHIC - Valley Vista, LLC Delaware DHIC - Varina Gateway, LLC Delaware DHIC - Ventana, LLC Delaware DHIC - Waterleigh, LLC Delaware DHI Communities DHIC - Waterleigh II, LLC Delaware DHI Communities DHIC - Waterleigh III, LLC Delaware DHI Communities DHIC Westinghouse, LLC Delaware DHIC - Westridge, LLC Delaware DHI Communities DHIR - Amber Creek, LLC Delaware DHI Residential DHIR - Amore Village, LLC Delaware DHI Residential DHIR - Arabella, LLC Delaware DHI Residential DHIR - Ashford Townes, LLC Delaware DHI Residential DHIR - Aspen Vista, LLC Delaware DHIR - Avery Park LLC Delaware DHI Residential DHIR - Avian Pointe, LLC Delaware DHI Residential DHIR - Berkshire Village, LLC Delaware DHIR - BLVD 120, LLC Delaware DHI Residential - BLVD 120 DHIR - Boulevard Towns, LLC Delaware DHI Residential - Boulevard Towns DHIR - Bridge Harbor, LLC Delaware DHIR - Brookside at Pleasant Valley, LLC Delaware DHI Residential DHIR - Canebrake Landings, LLC Delaware DHI Residential DHIR - Carolina Forest SF, LLC Delaware DHIR - Cedar Station, LLC Delaware DHI Residential DHIR - Chapel Commons, LLC Delaware DHI Residential DHIR - Citadel at Colfax, LLC Delaware DHI Residential DHIR - Cypress Bay, LLC Delaware DHI Residential DHIR - Desert Willow at Hunning Ranch, LLC Delaware DHIR - Devco 72, LLC Delaware DHI Residential DHIR - Dixon Preserve, LLC Delaware DHI Residential 

NAME STATE OF INCORPORATION OR ORGANIZATION DOING BUSINESS AS 

 DHIR - Emerald Lakes, LLC Delaware DHIR - Erikson Parks, LLC Delaware DHI Residential DHIR - Fairview Meadows, LLC Delaware DHI Residential DHIR - Fosters Ridge, LLC Delaware DHIR - Fountain Park, LLC Delaware DHI Residential DHIR - Graystone Ridge, LLC Delaware DHI Residential DHIR - Gulf Stream, LLC Delaware DHIR - Harrison Trace, LLC Delaware DHI Residential DHIR - Huff Creek, LLC Delaware DHIR - Indigo, LLC Delaware DHI Residential DHIR - Iron Horse, LLC Delaware DHI Residential DHIR - Jennings Place, LLC Delaware DHI Residential DHIR - Lakeside Palms West, LLC Delaware DHI Residential DHIR - Lakeshore Villages, LLC Delaware DHI Residential DHIR - Millbrook Park, LLC Delaware DHI Residential DHIR - Osprey Point Towns, LLC Delaware DHI Residential DHIR - Parkview at Lynn Haven, LLC Delaware DHIR - Pecan Creek, LLC Delaware DHI Residential DHIR - Pikes Peak Heights, LLC Delaware DHI Residential DHIR - Poplar Village, LLC Delaware DHIR - Properties I, LLC Delaware DHIR - Riverstone at Westpointe, LLC Delaware DHI Residential DHIR - Roadrunner Estates, LLC Delaware DHI Residential DHIR - Rock Ridge, LLC Delaware DHIR - Sandalwood, LLC Delaware DHI Residential DHIR - Soluna, LLC Delaware DHI Residential DHIR - St. Augustine, LLC Delaware DHI Residential DHIR - Sunset Village, LLC Delaware DHIR - Taylor Farms, LLC Delaware DHIR - The Heights, LLC Delaware DHI Residential DHIR - Valley View, LLC Delaware DHIR - Village at Hickory Street, LLC Delaware DHIR - Westpoint Crossing, LLC Delaware DHI Residential 

NAME STATE OF INCORPORATION OR ORGANIZATION DOING BUSINESS AS 

 D.R. Horton - CHAustin, LLC Delaware D.R. Horton - Colorado, LLC Delaware D.R. Horton Corpus Christi, LLC Delaware Braselton Homes D.R. Horton - Crown, LLC Delaware Crown Communities D.R. Horton - Emerald, Ltd. Texas D.R. Horton - Georgia, LLC Delaware D.R. Horton - Highland, LLC Delaware D.R. Horton - Indiana, LLC Delaware Westport Homes D.R. Horton - Iowa, LLC Delaware Classic Builders D.R. Horton - MV, LLC Delaware D.R. Horton - Nebraska, LLC Delaware D.R. Horton - Permian, LLC Delaware D.R. Horton - Regent, LLC Delaware D.R. Horton - Terramor, LLC Delaware Terramor Homes D.R. Horton - Texas, Ltd. Texas D.R. Horton - Texas, Ltd. LP Emerald Homes Express Homes D.R. Horton - WPH, LLC Delaware D.R. Horton - Wyoming, LLC Delaware D.R. Horton, Inc. - Birmingham Alabama D.R. Horton, Inc. - Chicago Delaware D.R. Horton, Inc. - Denver Delaware Trimark Communities D.R. Horton - Trimark Series D.R. Horton, Inc. - Dietz-Crane Delaware D.R. Horton, Inc. - Greensboro Delaware D.R. Horton, Inc. - Gulf Coast Delaware D.R. Horton, Inc. - Huntsville Delaware D.R. Horton, Inc. - Jacksonville Delaware Continental Homes Continental Homes - Jacksonville Emerald Homes Express Homes Freedom Homes D.R. Horton, Inc. - Louisville Delaware D.R. Horton, Inc. - Midwest California Cambridge Homes Emerald Homes Express Homes Express Homes of Illinois Freedom Homes Freedom Homes of Illinois D.R. Horton, Inc. - Minnesota Delaware 

NAME STATE OF INCORPORATION OR ORGANIZATION DOING BUSINESS AS 

 D.R. Horton, Inc. - New Jersey Delaware D.R. Horton D.R. Horton, Northeast Division Emerald Homes Emerald Homes of Pennsylvania Express Homes Express Homes of Pennsylvania Freedom Homes Freedom Homes of Pennsylvania D.R. Horton, Inc. - NNV Delaware D.R. Horton, Inc. - Portland Delaware D.R. Horton America s Builder Emerald Homes Express Homes Freedom Homes D.R. Horton, Inc. - Torrey Delaware Torrey Homes D.R. Horton, Inc. Foundation Texas D.R. Horton BAY, Inc. Delaware D.R. Horton America s Builder Emerald Homes D.R. Horton CA2, Inc. California D.R. Horton America s Builder Emerald Homes Express Homes D.R. Horton CA3, Inc. Delaware D.R. Horton America s Builder Emerald Homes Express Homes Freedom Homes D.R. Horton CA4, LLC Delaware D.R. Horton Commercial, Inc. Delaware D.R. Horton Cruces Construction, Inc. Delaware D.R. Horton Hawaii LLC Delaware Emerald Homes Express Homes Freedom Homes D.R. Horton Insurance Agency, Inc. Texas D.R. Horton LA North, Inc. Delaware D.R. Horton Life Insurance Agency, Inc. Texas D.R. Horton Los Angeles Holding Company, Inc. California D.R. Horton America s Builder Freedom Homes D.R. Horton Management Company, Ltd. Texas D.R. Horton Materials, Inc. Delaware D.R. Horton Realty, LLC Delaware D.R. Horton Realty of Atlantic County, LLC Delaware D.R. Horton Realty of Central Florida, LLC Delaware D.R. Horton Realty of Delaware, LLC Delaware D.R. Horton Realty of Georgia, Inc. Delaware D.R. Horton Realty of Melbourne, LLC Delaware D.R. Horton Realty of Northwest Florida, LLC Delaware D.R. Horton Realty of Southeast Florida, LLC Delaware D.R. Horton Realty of Southwest Florida, LLC Delaware D.R. Horton Realty of Tampa, LLC Delaware 

NAME STATE OF INCORPORATION OR ORGANIZATION DOING BUSINESS AS 

 D.R. Horton Realty of Virginia, LLC Delaware D.R. Horton Realty of Maryland D.R. Horton Realty of Virginia D.R. Horton Realty of West Virginia D.R. Horton Seabridge Marina, Inc. Delaware D.R. Horton Serenity Construction, LLC Delaware D.R. Horton Urban Renewal, LLC New Jersey D.R. Horton VEN, Inc. California D.R. Horton America s Builder Emerald Homes DRH - ARK, LLC Delaware DRH - ASG, LLC Delaware DRH - HWY 114, LLC Delaware Express Homes DRH Cambridge Homes, LLC Delaware DRH Capital Trust I Delaware DRH Capital Trust II Delaware DRH Capital Trust III Delaware DRH Colorado Realty, Inc. Delaware DRH Construction, Inc. Delaware DRH Energy, Inc. Colorado DRH FS Mortgage Reinsurance, Ltd. Turks & Caicos DRH Land Opportunities I, Inc. Delaware DRH Land Opportunities II, Inc. Delaware DRH Mountain View, LLC Delaware DRH Oil & Gas, Inc. Delaware DRH Opportunities I, Inc. Delaware DRH Properties, Inc. Arizona DRH Realty Company, Inc. California CH Realty DRH Realty of Iowa, LLC Delaware DRH Regrem VII, LP Texas DRH Regrem XII, LP Texas DRH Regrem XIV, Inc. Delaware DRH Regrem XV, Inc. Delaware DRH Regrem XVI, Inc. Delaware DRH Regrem XVII, Inc. Delaware DRH Regrem XVIII, Inc. Delaware DRH Regrem XIX, Inc. Delaware 

NAME STATE OF INCORPORATION OR ORGANIZATION DOING BUSINESS AS 

 DRH Regrem XX, Inc. Delaware DRH Regrem XXI, Inc. Delaware DRH Regrem XXII, Inc. Delaware DRH Regrem XXIII, Inc. Delaware DRH Regrem XXIV, Inc. Delaware DRH Regrem XXV, Inc. Delaware DRH Regrem XLV, LLC Delaware DRH Regrem XLVI, LLC Delaware DRH Regrem XLVII, LLC Delaware DRH Regrem XLVIII, LLC Delaware DRH Regrem XLIX, LLC Delaware DRH Regrem L, LLC Delaware DRH Regrem LI, LLC Delaware DRH Regrem LII, LLC Delaware DRH Regrem LIII, LLC Delaware DRH Regrem LIV, LLC Delaware DRH Regrem LV, LLC Delaware DRH Regrem LVI, LLC Delaware DRH Regrem LVII, LLC Delaware DRH Regrem LVIII, LLC Delaware DRH Regrem LIX, LLC Delaware DRH Regrem LX, LLC Delaware DRH Regrem LXI, LLC Delaware DRH Regrem LXII, LLC Delaware DRH Regrem LXIII, LLC Delaware DRH Regrem LXIV, LLC Delaware DRH Regrem LXV, LLC Delaware DRH Southwest Construction, Inc. California DRH Tucson Construction, Inc. Delaware DRHI, Inc. Delaware Emerald Creek No. 4, L.P. Texas Emerald Realty of Alabama, LLC Delaware Emerald Realty of Central Florida, LLC Delaware 

NAME STATE OF INCORPORATION OR ORGANIZATION DOING BUSINESS AS 

 Emerald Realty of North Florida, LLC Delaware Emerald Realty of Northwest Florida, LLC Delaware Emerald Realty of Southeast Florida, LLC Delaware Emerald Realty of Southwest Florida, LLC Delaware Encore II, Inc. Arizona Encore Venture Partners, L.P. Delaware Encore Venture Partners II (California), L.P. Delaware Encore Venture Partners II (Texas), L.P. Delaware Express Realty of Central Florida, LLC Delaware Express Realty of North Florida, LLC Delaware Express Realty of Northwest Florida, LLC Delaware Express Realty of Southeast Florida, LLC Delaware Express Realty of Southwest Florida, LLC Delaware FOG NonOp, LLC Delaware Forestar Group Inc. Delaware Founders Oil & Gas, LLC Delaware Founders Oil & Gas II, LLC Delaware Founders Oil & Gas III, LLC Delaware Founders Oil & Gas IV, LLC Delaware Founders Oil & Gas Operating, LLC Delaware Georgetown Data, Inc. Texas Germann & McQueen, L.L.C. Arizona GP-Encore, Inc. Arizona Grande Realty Incorporated New Jersey D.R. Horton Realty, Inc. D.R. Horton Realty of New Jersey Grande Realty of Pennsylvania, LLC Delaware D.R. Horton Realty of Pennsylvania Grande Title Agency, LLC New Jersey Greywes, LLC California D.R. Horton America s Builder Hadian, LLC Delaware HPH Homebuilders 2000 L.P. California Kaomalo LLC Hawaii KDB Homes, Inc. Delaware Continental Homes Continental Welcome Home D.R. Horton - Continental Series D.R. Horton America s Builder 

NAME STATE OF INCORPORATION OR ORGANIZATION DOING BUSINESS AS 

 Lexington Homes - DRH, LLC Delaware D.R. Horton America s Builder Emerald Homes Express Homes Lexington Homes Martin Road Lake Forest, LLC Colorado McQueen & Willis, LLC Arizona Meadows I, Ltd. Delaware Meadows II, Ltd. Delaware Meadows VIII, Ltd. Delaware Meadows IX, Inc. New Jersey Meadows X, Inc. New Jersey Melody Homes, Inc. Delaware D.R. Horton - Melody Series D. Jensen Homes, Inc. D.R. Horton America s Builder Emerald Homes Express Homes Freedom Homes Metro Title, LLC Virginia MRLF, LLC Colorado Pacific Ridge - DRH, LLC Delaware D.R. Horton Pacific Ridge Pacific Ridge - DRH Rielly Carlsbad LLC Delaware Rielly Homes Madison, LLC Delaware Schuler Homes of Arizona LLC Delaware D.R. Horton - Continental Series D.R. Horton - Schuler Series Schuler Homes of California, Inc. California Schuler Homes of Oregon, Inc. Oregon Schuler Homes of Washington, Inc. Washington Keys & Schuler Homes Schuler Homes Northwest SFTEN, LLC Delaware SGS Communities at Grande Quay L.L.C. New Jersey SHA Construction LLC Delaware SHLR of California, Inc. California SHLR of Nevada, Inc. Nevada SHLR of Washington, Inc. Washington SRHI LLC Delaware SSHI LLC Delaware D.R. Horton D.R. Horton Custom Homes DR Horton DR Horton Custom Homes Emerald Homes Express Homes Stafford Custom Homes Stafford Homes Summerlin Pkwy & Cimarron, LLC Delaware Surprise Village North, LLC Arizona 

NAME STATE OF INCORPORATION OR ORGANIZATION DOING BUSINESS AS 

 Tierra Financial Advisors, LLC Delaware Travis County Title Company Texas DHI Title Agency DHI Title of Georgia DHI Title of Central Texas DHI Title of New Mexico DHI Title of North Carolina Treasure Assets, LLC Delaware Venture Management of South Carolina, LLC South Carolina Vertical Construction Corporation Delaware Walker Drive, LLC Delaware Western Pacific Brea Development, LLC Delaware Western Pacific Housing, Inc. Delaware D.R. Horton America s Builder Emerald Homes Express Homes Freedom Homes Western Pacific Housing-Antigua, LLC Delaware Western Pacific Housing-Broadway, LLC Delaware Western Pacific Housing-Canyon Park, LLC Delaware Western Pacific Housing-Carrillo, LLC Delaware Western Pacific Housing-Communications Hill, LLC Delaware Western Pacific Housing-Copper Canyon, LLC Delaware Western Pacific Housing-Creekside, LLC Delaware Western Pacific Housing-Lomas Verdes, LLC Delaware Western Pacific Housing-Lyons Canyon Partners, LLC Delaware Western Pacific Housing Management, Inc. California Western Pacific Housing-McGonigle Canyon, LLC Delaware Western Pacific Housing - Mountaingate, L.P. California Western Pacific Housing-Norco Estates, LLC Delaware Western Pacific Housing-Pacific Park II, LLC Delaware Western Pacific Housing-Park Avenue East, LLC Delaware Western Pacific Housing-Park Avenue West, LLC Delaware Western Pacific Housing-Playa Vista, LLC Delaware Western Pacific Housing-River Ridge, LLC Delaware Western Pacific Housing - SDG, LLC California Western Pacific Housing-Terra Bay Duets, LLC Delaware Western Pacific Housing-Torrey Meadows, LLC Delaware Western Pacific Housing-Torrey Village Center, LLC Delaware Western Pacific Housing - Westlake II, L.P. California Western Pacific Housing-Windemere, LLC Delaware 

NAME STATE OF INCORPORATION OR ORGANIZATION DOING BUSINESS AS 

 WPH-Camino Ruiz, LLC Delaware WPH-Copper Canyon, LLC Delaware WPH-Copper Canyon II, LLC Delaware 137 Mitchells Chance, LLC Delaware 1050 North Argonne Road, LLC Delaware 10700 Pecan Park Austin, Inc. Delaware 11241 Slater Avenue NE, LLC Delaware 2 C Development Company LLC California 8800 Roswell Road Bldg. B, LLC Delaware 91 st Avenue & Happy Valley, L.L.C. 
 Arizona 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-22.1>
 6
 a9302021exhibit221.htm
 EX-22.1

Document 

Exhibit 22.1 
 
 List of Guarantor Subsidiaries 
 
 The following subsidiaries of D.R. Horton, Inc. (the Company were, as of September 30, 2021, guarantors of the Company s 4.375 senior notes due 2022, 4.75 senior notes due 2023, 5.75 senior notes due 2023, 2.5 senior notes due 2024, 2.6 senior notes due 2025, 1.3 senior notes due 2026 and 1.4 senior notes due 2027. 
 
 Exact Name of Guarantor Subsidiary Jurisdiction of Formation 
 C. Richard Dobson Builders, Inc. Virginia CH Investments of Texas, Inc. (f k a CH Investments of Texas II, Inc.) 
 Delaware CHTEX of Texas, Inc. Delaware Continental Homes, Inc. Delaware Continental Homes of Texas, L.P. Texas Continental Residential, Inc. (f k a L&W Investments, Inc.) 
 California D.R. Horton - CHAustin, LLC (f k a DRH Regrem XXXII, LLC) 
 Delaware D.R. Horton - Colorado, LLC (f k a DRH Regrem XXXV, LLC) 
 Delaware D.R. Horton - Corpus Christi, LLC (f k a DRH Regrem XLII, LLC) 
 Delaware D.R. Horton - Crown, LLC (f k a DRH Regrem XXVII, LLC) 
 Delaware D.R. Horton - Emerald, Ltd. (f k a DRH Regrem VI, LP) 
 Texas D.R. Horton - Georgia, LLC (f k a DRH Regrem XXX, LLC) 
 Delaware D.R. Horton - Highland, LLC (f k a DRH Regrem XXXIX, LLC) 
 Delaware D.R. Horton - Indiana, LLC (f k a DRH Regrem XXXVI, LLC) 
 Delaware D.R. Horton - Iowa, LLC (f k a DRH Regrem XXXVIII, LLC) 
 Delaware D.R. Horton - Nebraska, LLC (f k a DRH Regrem XLIV, LLC) 
 Delaware D.R. Horton - Permian, LLC (f k a DRH Regrem XXXIII, LLC) 
 Delaware D.R. Horton - Regent, LLC (f k a DRH Regrem XXVI, LLC) 
 Delaware D.R. Horton - Terramor, LLC (f k a DRH Regrem XL, LLC) 
 Delaware D.R. Horton - Texas, Ltd. Texas D.R. Horton - WPH, LLC (f k a (i) D.R. Horton - Atlanta, LLC and (ii) DRH Regrem XXIX, LLC) 
 Delaware D.R. Horton - Wyoming, LLC (f k a DRH Regrem XLIII, LLC) 
 Delaware D.R. Horton, Inc. - Birmingham Alabama D.R. Horton, Inc. - Chicago Delaware D.R. Horton, Inc. - Dietz-Crane (f k a DRH Regrem I, Inc.) 
 Delaware D.R. Horton, Inc. - Greensboro Delaware D.R. Horton, Inc. - Gulf Coast (f k a DRH Regrem V, Inc.) 
 Delaware D.R. Horton, Inc. - Huntsville (f k a DRH Regrem XIII, Inc.) 
 Delaware 

Exact Name of Guarantor Subsidiary Jurisdiction of Formation 

 D.R. Horton, Inc. - Jacksonville (f k a D.R. Horton, Inc. - San Diego) 
 Delaware D.R. Horton, Inc. - Louisville (f k a D.R. Horton, Inc. - Albuquerque) 
 Delaware D.R. Horton, Inc. - Midwest (f k a (i) DRH Cambridge Homes, Inc. and (ii) D.R. Horton Sacramento Management Company, Inc.) 
 California D.R. Horton, Inc. - Minnesota Delaware D.R. Horton, Inc. - New Jersey Delaware D.R. Horton, Inc. - Portland Delaware D.R. Horton, Inc. - Torrey Delaware D.R. Horton BAY, Inc. (f k a (i) D.R. Horton OCI, Inc., (ii) D.R. Horton Orange County, Inc. and (iii) DRH Regrem IX, Inc.) 
 Delaware D.R. Horton CA2, Inc. (f k a D.R. Horton, Inc. - Sacramento) 
 California D.R. Horton CA3, Inc. (f k a (i) DRH Regrem IV, Inc. and (ii) D.R. Horton, Inc. - Fresno) 
 Delaware D.R. Horton CA4, LLC (f k a DRH Regrem XXXI, LLC) 
 Delaware D.R. Horton Cruces Construction, Inc. (f k a DRH Regrem XI, Inc.) 
 Delaware D.R. Horton Hawaii LLC (f k a D.R. Horton - Schuler Homes, LLC) 
 Delaware D.R. Horton LA North, Inc. (f k a DRH Regrem X, Inc.) 
 Delaware D.R. Horton Los Angeles Holding Company, Inc. California D.R. Horton Management Company, Ltd. (f k a Meadows Management Company, Ltd.) 
 Texas D.R. Horton Materials, Inc. f k a DRH Regrem III, Inc. 
 Delaware D.R. Horton Serenity Construction, LLC f k a DRH Regrem VIII, LLC 
 Delaware D.R. Horton VEN, Inc. f k a (i) D.R. Horton LAV, Inc. and (ii) D.R. Horton San Diego Holding Company, Inc. 
 California DRH Cambridge Homes, LLC Delaware DRH Construction, Inc. Delaware DRH - HWY 114, LLC (f k a DRH Regrem XLI, LLC) 
 Delaware DRH Phoenix East Construction, Inc. (f k a CHI Construction Company) 
 Arizona DRH Regrem VII, LP Texas DRH Regrem XII, LP Texas DRH Regrem XIV, Inc. Delaware DRH Regrem XV, Inc. Delaware DRH Regrem XVI, Inc. Delaware DRH Regrem XVII, Inc. Delaware DRH Regrem XVIII, Inc. Delaware DRH Regrem XIX, Inc. Delaware DRH Regrem XX, Inc. Delaware DRH Regrem XXI, Inc. Delaware 

Exact Name of Guarantor Subsidiary Jurisdiction of Formation 

 DRH Regrem XXII, Inc. Delaware DRH Regrem XXIII, Inc. Delaware DRH Regrem XXIV, Inc. Delaware DRH Regrem XXV, Inc. f k a (i) D.R. Horton VEN, Inc., (ii) D.R. Horton, Inc. - Los Angeles and (iii) D.R. Horton, Inc. - Chicago 
 Delaware DRH Regrem XLV, LLC Delaware DRH Regrem XLVI, LLC Delaware DRH Regrem XLVII, LLC Delaware DRH Regrem XLVIII, LLC Delaware DRH Regrem XLIX, LLC Delaware DRH Regrem L, LLC Delaware DRH Regrem LI, LLC Delaware DRH Regrem LII, LLC Delaware DRH Regrem LIII, LLC Delaware DRH Regrem LIV, LLC Delaware DRH Regrem LV, LLC Delaware DRH Regrem LVI, LLC Delaware DRH Regrem LVII, LLC Delaware DRH Regrem LVIII, LLC Delaware DRH Regrem LIX, LLC Delaware DRH Regrem LX, LLC Delaware DRH Regrem LXI, LLC Delaware DRH Regrem LXII, LLC Delaware DRH Regrem LXIII, LLC Delaware DRH Regrem LXIV, LLC Delaware DRH Regrem LXV, LLC Delaware DRH Southwest Construction, Inc. f k a DRH Land Company, Inc. 
 California DRH Tucson Construction, Inc. f k a DRH - California, Inc. 
 Delaware HPH Homebuilders 2000 L.P. California KDB Homes, Inc. Delaware Lexington Homes - DRH, LLC f k a DRH Regrem XXXIV, LLC 
 Delaware Meadows I, Ltd. Delaware Meadows II, Ltd. Delaware Meadows VIII, Ltd. Delaware 

Exact Name of Guarantor Subsidiary Jurisdiction of Formation 

 Meadows IX, Inc. New Jersey Meadows X, Inc. New Jersey Melody Homes, Inc. Delaware Pacific Ridge - DRH, LLC f k a (i) D.R. Horton - Seattle North, LLC and (ii) DRH Regrem XXVIII, LLC 
 Delaware Schuler Homes of Arizona LLC Delaware Schuler Homes of California, Inc. California Schuler Homes of Oregon, Inc. Oregon Schuler Homes of Washington, Inc. Washington SGS Communities at Grande Quay L.L.C. New Jersey SHA Construction LLC Delaware SHLR of California, Inc. California SHLR of Nevada, Inc. Nevada SHLR of Washington, Inc. Washington SRHI LLC Delaware SSHI LLC Delaware Vertical Construction Corporation f k a Lokelani Construction Corporation 
 Delaware Walker Drive, LLC f k a DRH Regrem XXXVII, LLC 
 Delaware Western Pacific Housing-Antigua, LLC f k a Western Pacific Housing - Eastlake, LLC 
 Delaware Western Pacific Housing-Broadway, LLC Delaware Western Pacific Housing-Canyon Park, LLC Delaware Western Pacific Housing-Carrillo, LLC Delaware Western Pacific Housing-Communications Hill, LLC Delaware Western Pacific Housing-Copper Canyon, LLC f k a Agoura II, LLC 
 Delaware Western Pacific Housing-Creekside, LLC Delaware Western Pacific Housing-Lomas Verdes, LLC Delaware Western Pacific Housing-McGonigle Canyon, LLC f k a Western Pacific Housing-Carlsbad II, LLC 
 Delaware Western Pacific Housing - Mountaingate, L.P. California Western Pacific Housing-Norco Estates, LLC Delaware Western Pacific Housing-Pacific Park II, LLC Delaware Western Pacific Housing-Park Avenue East, LLC Delaware Western Pacific Housing-Park Avenue West, LLC Delaware Western Pacific Housing-Playa Vista, LLC Delaware Western Pacific Housing-River Ridge, LLC Delaware 

Exact Name of Guarantor Subsidiary Jurisdiction of Formation 

 Western Pacific Housing-Terra Bay Duets, LLC Delaware Western Pacific Housing-Torrey Meadows, LLC Delaware Western Pacific Housing-Torrey Village Center, LLC Delaware Western Pacific Housing-Windemere, LLC f k a Western Pacific Housing-Glacier, LLC 
 Delaware Western Pacific Housing, Inc. (f k a Schuler Homes Holdco, Inc.) 
 Delaware Western Pacific Housing Management, Inc. (f k a Western Pacific Housing, Inc. (CA)) 
 California WPH-Camino Ruiz, LLC Delaware 

</EX-22.1>

<EX-23.1>
 7
 a9302021exhibit231ey.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

Exhibit 23.1 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

We consent to the incorporation by reference in the following Registration Statements 
 
 (1) Registration Statement (Form S-3 No. 333-258236) of D.R. Horton, Inc. 
 
 (2) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-72423) pertaining to the D.R. Horton, Inc. 1999 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
 
 (3) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-69694) pertaining to the D.R. Horton, Inc. 1991 Stock Incentive Plan 
 
 (4) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-90988) pertaining to the D.R. Horton Deferred Compensation Plan 
 
 (5) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-89346) pertaining to the D.R. Horton, Inc. 1991 Stock Incentive Plan 
 
 (6) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-133948) pertaining to the D.R. Horton, Inc. 2006 Stock Incentive Plan and 
 
 (7) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-208116) pertaining to the D.R. Horton, Inc. 2006 Stock Incentive Plan, as Amended & Restated. 
 
 of our reports dated November 18, 2021, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of D.R. Horton, Inc. and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of D.R. Horton, Inc. included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) of D.R. Horton, Inc. for the year ended September 30, 2021. 

s Ernst & Young LLP 

Dallas, Texas 
 November 18, 2021 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 8
 a9302021exhibit311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 302(a) 
 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, David V. Auld, certify that 
 1 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of D.R. Horton, Inc. 
 
 2 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(f) and 15d 15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date November 18, 2021 
 
 s D AVID V. A ULD 
 By David V. Auld President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 9
 a9302021exhibit312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 302(a) 
 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Bill W. Wheat, certify that 
 1 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of D.R. Horton, Inc. 
 
 2 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(f) and 15d 15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date November 18, 2021 
 
 s B ILL W. W HEAT 
 By Bill W. Wheat Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 10
 a9302021exhibit321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. 
 SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 
 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of D.R. Horton, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2021 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, David V. Auld, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge 
 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Date November 18, 2021 s D AVID V. A ULD 
 By David V. Auld President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 11
 a9302021exhibit322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. 
 SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 
 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of D.R. Horton, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2021 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Bill W. Wheat, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge 
 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Date November 18, 2021 s B ILL W. W HEAT 
 By Bill W. Wheat Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 12
 dhi-20210930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 13
 dhi-20210930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 14
 dhi-20210930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 15
 dhi-20210930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 16
 dhi-20210930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

