<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20211216_10-K_edgar_data_1659207_0001640334-21-003194.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>2297509</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>61696</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>452764</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>599735</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>464240</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>665060</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>7</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001640334-21-003194.hdr.sgml : 20211216
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20211216101120
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001640334-21-003194
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		45
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20210831
FILED AS OF DATE:		20211216
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20211216

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Fellazo Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001659207
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	COMMERCIAL PRINTING [2750]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0831

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-208237
		FILM NUMBER:		211496259

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		T2-L8-3, LEVEL 8, IOI CITY TOWER TWO
		STREET 2:		LEBUH IRC, IOI RESORT CITY
		CITY:			PUTRAJAYA
		STATE:			N8
		ZIP:			62502
		BUSINESS PHONE:		6017 998 9889

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		T2-L8-3, LEVEL 8, IOI CITY TOWER TWO
		STREET 2:		LEBUH IRC, IOI RESORT CITY
		CITY:			PUTRAJAYA
		STATE:			N8
		ZIP:			62502

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001640334-21-003194.txt : 20211216

10-K
 1
 fllz_10q.htm
 FORM 10-K

fllz_10q.htm 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 Form Annual Report pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 For the fiscal year ended August 31, 2021 Transition Report pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 For the transition period from __________ to __________ Commission file number: (Exact name of small business issuer as specified in its charter) 3990 (State or other jurisdiction of (Primary Standard Industrial (IRS Employer incorporation or organization) Classification Number) Identification Number) , , , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) Website: http://fellazo.com Tel. + Email: info@fellazo.com (Address and telephone number of principal executive offices) Securities registered under Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered None None None Securities registered under Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act: None Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15 (d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging Growth Company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has fi led a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C.7262(b)) by the registered public accounting fi rm that prepared or issued its audit report. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No The aggregate market value of voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the Registrant on February 28, 2021 was based on a 14 average bid and asked price of such common equity, as of the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter. Fellazo Corp has common shares issued and outstanding as of December 13, 2021. TABLE OF CONTENTS Page PART I Item 1. Business. 3 Item 1A. Risk Factors. 5 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 5 Item 2. Properties. 6 Item 3. Legal proceedings. 6 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 6 PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 7 Item 6. Selected Financial Data. 7 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 8 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 10 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 11 Item 9. Changes In and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 13 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 13 Item 9B. Other Information. 13 Item 9C Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance. 14 Item 11. Executive Compensation. 16 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 16 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 17 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services. 17 PART IV Item 15. Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules. 18 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 18 Signatures 19 2 Table of Contents PART I Item 1. Business GENERAL Fellazo Corp. the Company , we , us or our was incorporated in the State of Nevada on May 28, 2014. The Company s core business is Healthcare and Personal Wellness products - primarily bird-nest based, which include manufacturing and retail (retail chain and online). With our expertise in online applications platforms, we will be developing an online network platform to market and sell our products. and also create a system to source and purchase raw materials we required. In mid of October 2019, the Company s 49 subsidiary Fellazo Berhad (FB) started purchases of raw bird-nests directly from bird-nest farmers or their agents, and re-sold them to bird-nest processors; wherever possible these raw bird-nests are delivered directly from the farmer to the processor, so that we would not have to maintain a facility to store these raw bird-nests at an early stage of our business development. FB s show factory had since moved to a new location after our Head-Office moved to Putrajaya, the Malaysian Government s Federal Administrative Center. The new show factory is located within half an hour from our office and continue to be managed by our Management Agent, Swipypay Berhad. Due to the continuous effects of the Covid-19 pandemic and the economy uncertainty, our operations are on bare minimum and any plan for expansion had been put on hold until the overall economy climate improves. On April 1, 2021, Yap Kit Chuan, President, director and owner of ninety-six percent (96 of the issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock of the Company, agreed to transfer, to a number of business associates, up to approximately 26,000,000 shares of the Company s Common Stock, representing thirty percent (30 of the total issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock of the Company. On July 15, 2021, Yap Kit Chuan, agreed to increase the proposed transfers up to a total of 35,000,000 shares, representing up to forty-one percent (41 of the issued and outstanding shares of the Company s Common Stock. The transfer will occur from time to time and will now be completed on or before August 31, 2021. The transfers will be undertaken pursuant to Regulation S of the Securities Act of 1933, and the shares transferred will continue to carry a restrictive legend. As of August 31,2021, the total of 34,835,373 shares have been transferred to 249 new and 9 existing shareholders, and the number of shares belonged to Yap Kit Chuan was 48,368,127 shares. Our office is located at T2-L8-3, Level 8, IOI City Tower Two, Lebuh IRC, IOI Resort City, 62502 Putrajaya, Malaysia . Our corporate website is http://fellazo.com. 3 Table of Contents We have never declared bankruptcy, been in receivership, or involved in any kind of legal proceeding. PRODUCTS Our Company s main core products during the next accounting year are expected to be the following, and these would depend heavily on the economy recovery from effects of the pandemic. (a) Raw bird-nests - FB will purchase raw bird-nests from bird-nest farmers locally in Malaysia, but we are also seeking sources from nearby countries in South East Asia, such as Indonesia, Philippines, Vietnam and others. This initial plan is also to create a network of consistent supplies of raw bird-nests. The raw bird-nests will then be sold to bird-nest processing factories and for use at our show-factory located at our premise. (b) Clean bird-nests - we have made arrangements with small-holder bird-nest processing factories to supply them with raw bird-nests, who will then sell all the same finished clean products to us. This will ensure we have a constant supply of clean bird-nests. The clean bird-nests will be packed in different packages in according to volume and grades for stock-up and sale at our retail outlet on our premise. (c) OEM personal cleansing and nourishing facial products under the brand name of Yanduopin (YDP) - which name means Multiple Bird Nest Product we are still in the process of testing and performing consumer surveys on our personal cleansing and nourishing facial products. CUSTOMERS Our target customers are; (1) Raw bird-nest - small and medium size processing factories in Malaysia. (2) Clean bird-nest - consumer majority Asian female aged from 18 to 65 years. (3) YDP+ Y-Essence Personal Cleansing Nourishing Facial products consumer majority Asian female aged from 23 to 65 years. SALES AND MARKETING FB had a show-factory for processing of raw bird-nests.and weexpect this will entice visits by tourists and tour groups to our retail outlet.. Our plan of setting-up our own online business for our products are also put on hold pending due to the pandemic. SUPPLY, MANUFACTURE AND DISTRIBUTION (1) To create a network of consistent supplies of raw bird-nests and clean bird-nests to sustain our sales. (2) By setting-up our show-factory, we hope to also provide a platform for our management to learn and experience all the requirements, regulations and procedures of operating a bird-nest processing factory, should we decide to set-up our own factories. SEASONALITY Our products are not influenced by seasonality. 4 Table of Contents COMPETITION The bird-nest industry is becoming a very competitive market, and increasingly popular due to the huge consumer market in China. There are a number of companies, especially in Malaysia, who are venturing into the bird-nest and bird-nest related products market. Because competition for raw bird-nest is very high, so it is essential to establish a network of suppliers to ensure consistent supplies. Our company is considering options to acquire our own bird-nesting houses to ensure consistent and quality supplies. We target to be ahead of our competitors by; (a) sourcing good quality raw bird-nest locally or overseas (b) ensuring efficiency of bird-nest processing by our factory/partner to reduce wastage (c) selling our products in the most effective manner by bringing our products to the consumer through online sales or retail outlets at consumers locality. GOVERNMENT REGULATION We will always comply with all regulations, rules and directives of governmental authorities and agencies applicable to our business in any jurisdiction which we would conduct activities. We do not believe that governmental regulation will have a material impact on the way we conduct our business. RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT None. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY Not Applicable. EMPLOYEES Presently FB had 2 marketing staff under its employment, all whom reports directly to Director Choo Chee Loong. All other administrative functions are handled on behalf by our appointed Management Agent, Swipypay Berhad. The Board is assisted by a team consisting of highly competent professional consultants and experts in the related the fields during this period of transformation exercise. Item 1A. Risk Factors Not Applicable to smaller reporting company. Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments Not Applicable. Item 1C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. None. 5 Table of Contents Item 2. Properties Our Company does not own any property, our office in Putrajaya is shared with our Management Agent. Item 3. Legal Proceedings From time to time, we may become involved in litigation relating to claims arising out of our operations in the normal course of business. We are not involved in any pending legal proceeding or litigation and, to the best of our knowledge, no governmental authority is contemplating any proceeding to which we are a party and which would reasonably be likely to have a material adverse effect on our company. To date, our company has never been involved in litigation, as either a party or a witness, nor has our company been involved in any legal proceedings commenced by any regulatory agency against our company. Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosure Not Applicable. 6 Table of Contents PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities Our common shares are listed for quotation on the OTC Markets under the symbol FLLZ . There is no established current public market for the shares of our common stock. There can be no assurance that a liquid market for our securities will ever develop. Transfer of our common stock may also be restricted under the securities or blue sky laws of various states and foreign jurisdictions. Consequently, investors may not be able to liquidate their investments and should be prepared to hold the common stock for an indefinite period of time. Our shares are issued in registered form. Globex Transfer, LLC, with an address at 780 Deltona Blvd., Suite 202, Deltona, FL 32725 and telephone number is 813-344-4490, is the registrar and transfer agent for our common shares. On December 13, 2021, there were 289 registered shareholders with 86,264,000 shares of common stock outstanding. Dividends No cash dividends were paid on our shares of common stock during the fiscal year ended August 31, 2021, and since our incorporation on May 28, 2014, and presently had no plans to declare any dividend on our common stock. Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities No unregistered sales of equity securities took place during the year ended August 31, 2020. Purchases of Equity Securities by the Registrant and Affiliated Purchasers None. Item 6. Selected Financial Data We are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and are not required to provide the information under this item. 7 Table of Contents Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. RESULTS OF OPERATIONS The following summary of our results of operations should be read in conjunction with our financial statements included elsewhere in this annual report. As at August 31, 2021, the Company has a working capital deficit of 1,415,589 and has not yet established a stabilized source of revenue sufficient to cover operating cost for the foreseeable future. These factors, among others, may raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Our financial statements have been prepared assuming that we will continue as a going concern and, accordingly, do not include adjustments relating to the recoverability and realization of assets and classification of liabilities that might be necessary should we be unable to continue in operation. We expect we will require additional capital to meet our long term operating requirements. We expect to raise additional capital through, among other things, the sale of equity or debt securities. Comparison of the years ended August 31, 2021 and, 2020 Years Ended August 31, 2021 2020 Change Revenue 246,861 65,848 181,013 275 Cost of Goods Sold 182,306 49,511 132,795 268 General and administrative expenses 391,378 325,399 65,979 20 Net loss 326,823 309,062 17,761 6 For the year ended August 31, 2021, we had revenue of 246,861 and cost of revenue of 182,306, as compared to 65,848 and 49,511 for the same period in 2020. The Company started with trading of raw bird-nest since fiscal year 2020 and it is an initial stage of our operations. Due to the outbreak of Covid-19 pandemic and a government-imposed lockdown, we ceased operations mid-January 2020, and have yet to fully recover even with partial lifting of lockdown. Our general and administrative expenses were 391,378 for the year ended August 31, 2021, with an increase of 65,979 as compared to 325,399 for the same period in 2020. The increase in general and administrative expenses was primarily due to increased management fees and traveling expense. Liquidity and Capital Resources Working Capital August 31, August 31, 2021 2020 Change Current assets 7,361 14,393 (7,032 (49 Current liabilities 1,422,950 1,103,389 319,561 29 Working capital deficiency (1,415,589 (1,088,996 (326,593 30 The Company s current assets consists of cash of 7,361 at August 31, 2021, with a decrease of 7,032 as compared to cash of 6,665 and prepaid expense and deposit of 7,728 at August 31, 2020. The decrease was primarily due to a decrease in prepaid expense and deposit. As at August 31, 2021, current liabilities consisted of accounts payable and accrued liabilities of 13,721 and due to a related party of 1,409,229, as compared to August 31, 2020 current liabilities consisted of accounts payable and accrued liabilities of 30,137 and due to a related party of 1,073,252. The increase in current liabilities of 319,561 is primarily due to the operating expenses paid by the related party. 8 Table of Contents Cash Flows Years Ended August 31, 2021 2020 Change Cash provided by operating activities 68,935 8,804 60,131 Cash used in financing activities (68,163 (57,218 (10,945 Effects on changes in foreign exchange rate (76 612 (688 Net change in cash 696 (47,802 48,498 Cash Flow from Operating Activities Cash flows provided by operations was 68,935 during the year ended August 31, 2021, compared with 8,804 during the same period in 2020. The increase of 60,131 is mainly due to increase in expenses paid by related party. Cash Flow from Financing Activities Cash flows used in financing activities was 68,163 during the year ended August 31, 2021. It consists of advances from related party of 15,555 and repayment to related party of 83,718. Cash flows used in financing activities was 57,218 during the year ended August 31, 2020. It consists of advances from related party of 309,249, expenses paid on behalf of related party of 362,099 and repayment to related party of 4,368. Plan of Operation and Funding We expect that working capital requirements will continue to be funded through further issuances of our securities and loans from our executive officers and principal shareholders, including Joseph Ho. Our working capital requirements are expected to increase in line with the growth of our business. Existing working capital, further advances and debt instruments, and anticipated cash flow are not expected to be adequate to fund our operations and potential acquisitions over the next twelve months. We have no lines of credit or other bank financing arrangements. Generally, we have financed operations to date through the proceeds of the private placement of equity and debt instruments. In connection with our business plan, management anticipates additional increases in operating expenses and capital expenditures relating to: (i) the acquisition of businesses in the health-related industry; (ii) acquisition of inventory; (iii) developmental expenses associated with a start-up business; and (iv) marketing expenses. We intend to finance these expenses with further issuances of equity securities and debt instruments. Thereafter, we expect we will need to raise additional capital and generate revenues to meet long-term operating requirements. Additional issuances of equity or convertible debt securities will result in dilution to our current shareholders. Further, such securities might have rights, preferences or privileges senior to our common stock. Additional financing may not be available upon acceptable terms, or at all. If adequate funds are not available or are not available on acceptable terms, we may not be able to take advantage of prospective new business endeavors or opportunities, which could significantly and materially restrict our business operations. We will also be sourcing funds from potential investors to finance purchases of raw materials needed to support our operations and surplus for potential buyers. We believe our business plan will create a significant growth potential to the Company which would generate more than sufficient revenue and liquidity to sustain the Company for the next twelve months and a significant future growth. Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements As of the date of this Annual Report, we do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources that are material to investors. 9 Table of Contents Going Concern The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern, which contemplates the realization of assets and the discharge of liabilities in the normal course of business for the foreseeable future. As of August 31, 2021, the Company had an accumulated deficit of 1,403,624 and net loss of 326,823 for the year ended August 31, 2021. Losses have principally occurred as a result of the substantial resources required for general and administrative expenses associated with our operations. The continuation of the Company as a going concern is dependent upon the continued financial support from its stockholders or external financing. Management believes the existing stockholders will provide the additional cash to meet with the Company s obligations as they become due. However, there is no assurance that the Company will be successful in securing sufficient funds to sustain the operations. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. These financial statements do not include any adjustments to reflect the possible future effect on the recoverability and classification of assets or the amounts and classifications of liabilities that may result from the outcome of these uncertainties. Management believes that the actions presently being taken to obtain additional funding and implement its strategic plan provides the opportunity for the Company to continue as a going concern. Critical Accounting Policies We have identified the following policies below as critical to our business and results of operations. Our reported results are impacted by the application of the following accounting policies, certain of which require management to make subjective or complex judgments. These judgments involve making estimates about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain and may significantly impact quarterly or annual results of operations. For all of these policies, management cautions that future events rarely develop exactly as expected, and the best estimates routinely require adjustment. Specific risks associated with these critical accounting policies are described in the following paragraphs. Use of Estimates The preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements as well as the reported amount of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from these estimates. Recent Accounting Pronouncements Our company has implemented all new accounting pronouncements and does not believe that there are any other accounting pronouncements that have been issued that may have a material impact on its financial statements. Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk. As a smaller reporting company , we are not required to provide the information required by this Item. 10 Table of Contents Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data FELLAZO CORP. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED AUGUST 31, 2020 TABLE OF CONTENTS Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firms F-1 Consolidated Balance Sheets F-2 Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss F-3 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Deficit F-4 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flow F-5 Notes to the Financial Statements F-6 11 Table of Contents REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To: The Board of Directors and Stockholders of Fellazo Corp. Opinion on the Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Fellazo Corp. (the Company as of August 31, 2021 and 2020, and the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss, changes in stockholders deficit, and cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended August 31, 2021, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of August 31, 2021 and 2020, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended August 31, 2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Emphasis of Matter The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the financial statements, the Company had incurred substantial losses during the year ended August 31, 2020, and had a working capital deficit, which raised substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. As of and for the year ended August 31, 2021, the Company continued to have a working capital deficit and continued to incur substantial losses which continues to give rise to the substantial doubt that the Company will continue as a going concern. Management s plans to address this substantial doubt are set forth in Note 1. These financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainly. Basis for Opinion These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. Critical Audit Matters Critical audit matters are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. We determined that there were no critical audit matters. /s/ WWC, P.C. WWC, P.C. Certified Public Accountants We have served as the Company s auditor since January 6, 2020 San Mateo, California December 15, 2021 F-1 Table of Contents FELLAZO CORP. Consolidated Balance Sheets August 31, August 31, 2021 2020 ASSETS Current Assets Cash Prepaid expense and deposit Total Current Assets TOTAL ASSETS LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' DEFICIT Current Liabilities Accounts payable and accrued liabilities Due to related party Total Current Liabilities TOTAL LIABILITIES Commitments and contingencies Stockholders' Deficit Common stock, par value, shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit Accumulated other comprehensive loss Total Fellazo Corp. Stockholders' Deficit Non-controlling interest Total Stockholders' Deficit TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' DEFICIT The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. F-2 Table of Contents FELLAZO CORP. Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss Years Ended August 31, 2021 2020 Revenues Revenues from related parties Revenues total Cost of Goods Sold Cost of Goods Sold from related party Cost of Goods Sold total Gross profit Operating Expenses General and administrative expenses Total operating expenses Loss from operations Loss before taxes Provision for income tax Net loss Net loss attributable to the non-controlling interest Net Loss Attributable to The Shareholders of Fellazo Corp. Other comprehensive loss Foreign currency translation gain (loss) Total comprehensive loss Comprehensive Loss attributable to the non-controlling interest Comprehensive Loss Attributable to The Shareholders of Fellazo Corp. Basic and dilutive net loss per common share Weighted average number of common shares outstanding - basic and diluted The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. F-3 Table of Contents FELLAZO CORP. Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Deficit For the Years Ended August 31, 2021 and 2020 Accumulated Common Stock Additional Paid in Accumulated other comprehensive Non controlling Shares Amount Capital Deficit loss Interest Total Balance, August 31, 2019 Net loss for the year - Foreign currency translation loss - Balance, August 31, 2020 Net loss for the year - Foreign currency translation loss - Balance, August 31, 2021 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements F-4 Table of Contents FELLAZO CORP. Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows Years Ended August 31, 2021 2020 Cash Flows from Operating Activities: Net loss Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operations: Expenses paid by related party Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Prepaid Deposit Accounts payable and accrued liabilities Net Cash Provided by Operating Activities Cash Flows from Financing Activities: Expenses paid on behalf of related party Advances from related party Repayment to related party Net Cash Used in Financing Activities Effects on changes in foreign exchange rate Net change in cash Cash, beginning of period Cash, end of period Supplemental cash flow information Interest paid Income taxes paid The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements F-5 Table of Contents FELLAZO CORP. Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements , and net loss of for the year ended August 31, 2021. Losses have principally occurred as a result of the substantial resources required for general and administrative expenses associated with our operations. The continuation of the Company as a going concern is dependent upon the continued financial support from its stockholders or external financing. Management believes the existing stockholders will provide the additional cash to meet with the Company s obligations as they become due. However, there is no assurance that the Company will be successful in securing sufficient funds to sustain the operations. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. These financial statements do not include any adjustments to reflect the possible future effect on the recoverability and classification of assets or the amounts and classifications of liabilities that may result from the outcome of these uncertainties. Management believes that the actions presently being taken to obtain additional funding and implement its strategic plan provides the opportunity for the Company to continue as a going concern. Principles of Consolidation owned subsidiary Fellazo Berhad, an entity under common control. All significant inter-company balances and transactions within the Company have been eliminated upon consolidation. Variable Interest Entities F-6 Table of Contents Foreign Currency Translation Average period RM : USD exchange rate Cash and Cash Equivalents and in cash and cash equivalents, respectively. Fair value of financial instruments F-7 Table of Contents Revenue recognition Cost of Goods Sold Commitments and contingencies F-8 Table of Contents Concentrations of the Company s sales where for one customer was , a second customer was , and a third customer was . The Company had a concentration in supply of its products as one supplier provided and second supplier provided of the Company s purchases totaling . Income taxes Net loss per share Related Parties Recent Accounting Pronouncements owned by our Director Mr Yap Kit Chuan. Total outstanding amount due to our Management Agent was and as of August 31, 2021 and 2020 respectively. The additional amount of incurred in the year ended August 31, 2021 consisted of operating expenses paid on behalf of the Company of and advances from a related party of , and repayment to related party of . The difference of amount was a result of change of exchange rate. F-9 Table of Contents and (RM38,790.51) worth of raw bird-nest from Swipypay Berhad (also an agent for bird-nest farmers), respectively. Our Company does not own or lease any real property, and our registered office in Malaysia is provided by our Management Agent. Deposit During the year ended August 31, 2020, the Company recorded deposit of (RM 27,467), which is an initial deposit for OEM personal cleansing and nourishing facial products, these initial batches of the products would generally be used for marketing purpose ie. as trial samples for potential customers. shares of common stock at a par value . During the years ended August 31, 2021 and 2020, there were no issuances of common stock. As of August 31, 2021 and 2020, shares of common stock were issued and outstanding, respectively. - Foreign Loss before income taxes (309,061 United States of America Fellazo Corp operates in the United States and files tax returns in these jurisdictions. F-10 Table of Contents Statutory income tax rate Income tax expense at statutory rate Tax losses carryforward Income tax expense As of August 31, 2021, the operations in the United States recognized a deferred tax assets in the amount of as a result of accumulated net operating losses. This asset is available to be carried forward to offset future income taxes payable. Management assessed the likelihood of realizing these deferred tax assets, and determined that at August 31, 2021, it was not able to reliably estimate future taxable profits, accordingly, Management has provided for a full valuation allowance against the deferred tax assets of . Malaysia The Company s subsidiary FB operating in Malaysia is subject to the Malaysia Profits Tax at a standard income tax rate range of 24 on the assessable income arising in Malaysia during its tax year. The reconciliation of income tax rate to the effective income tax rate for the year ended August 31, 2021 and 2020 is as follows: Statutory income tax rate Income tax expense at statutory rate Tax losses carryforward Income tax expense As of August 31, 2021, the operations in Malaysia recognized a deferred tax assets in the amount of as a result of accumulated net operating losses. This asset is available to be carried forward to offset future income taxes payable. Management assessed the likelihood of realizing these deferred tax assets, and determined that at August 31, 2021, it was not able to reliably estimate future taxable profits, accordingly, Management has provided for a full valuation allowance against the deferred tax assets of . The following table sets forth the significant components of the aggregate deferred tax assets of the Company as of August 31, 2021 and 2020: Malaysia Total Less: valuation allowance Net deferred tax asset Management believes that it is more likely than not that the deferred tax assets will not be fully realizable in the future. Accordingly, the Company provided for a full valuation allowance against its deferred tax assets of as of August 31, 2021. In the period, the valuation allowance increased by . F-11 Table of Contents Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure Not Applicable. Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. Evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures Pursuant to Rule 13a-15(b) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Exchange Act ), our company carried out an evaluation, with the participation of our company s management, including our company s Chief Executive Officer (our principal executive officer and our principal financial and accounting officer), of the effectiveness of our company s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined under Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based upon that evaluation, our company s CEO concluded that our company s disclosure controls and procedures are not effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed by our company in the reports that our company files or submits under the Exchange Act, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our company s management, including our company s CEO, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure, due to the material weaknesses identified below. It should be noted that any system of controls, however well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, and not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the system are met. In addition, the design of any control system is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events. Because of these and other inherent limitations of control systems, there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. Report of Management on Internal Control over Financial Reporting Management of our company is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting for our company. Our internal control system was designed, in general, to provide reasonable assurance to our company s management and board regarding the preparation and fair presentation of published financial statements, but because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the framework in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement to our company s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected. In the course of management s assessment, management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was not effective as of August 31, 2021. We have identified the following material weaknesses in internal control over financial reporting: Segregation of Duties As a result of limited resources, we did not maintain proper segregation of incompatible duties, namely the lack of an audit committee, an understaffed financial and accounting function, and the need for additional personnel to prepare and analyze financial information in a timely manner and to allow review and on-going monitoring and enhancement of our controls. The effect of the lack of segregation of duties potentially affects multiple processes and procedures Maintenance of Current Accounting Records We may from time to time fail to maintain our records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions of our company. 12 Table of Contents We are in the continuous process of improving our internal control over financial reporting in an effort to eliminate these material weaknesses through improved supervision and training of our staff, but additional effort is needed to fully remedy these deficiencies. Management has engaged a Certified Public Accountant as a consultant to assist with the financial reporting process in an effort to mitigate some of the identified weaknesses. Our company is still in its development stage and intends on hiring the necessary staff to address the weaknesses once revenue has been realized. This annual report does not include an attestation report of our company s registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by our company s registered public accounting firm pursuant to temporary rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission that permit our company to provide only management s report in this annual report. Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting There have been no changes in our internal controls over financial reporting that occurred during the year ended August 31, 2021 that have materially or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal controls over financial reporting. Item 9B. Other Information. Except as provided above, there is no information to be disclosed in a report on Form 8-K during the fourth quarter of the year covered by this Form 10-K that has not been previously filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 13 Table of Contents PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance. The name, age and titles of our executive officer and director are as follows: Name of Executive Officer and/or Director Age Position HUANG Minxi 60 Director (Appointed as Director on September 9, 2016) YAP Kit Chuan 45 President, CEO, CFO, Treasurer, Secretary and Director (Appointed as Director on September 9, 2016, Appointed as President, CEO, CFO, Treasurer and Secretary on May 15, 2018) Professor Dr. HUANG Minxi has special research and professional interest in in-depth profiling of new ideas, opportunities and challenges in network technology development in the era of digital economy. He holds two doctoral degrees and is Senior Economist appointed Adjunct Professor at Institute of Politics and International Relations, Beijing Normal University. In addition, his international appointment includes Professor of National University of the Philippines and Adjunct Professor at Malaysian Hospitality College. Dr. Huang plays active roles in NGOs such as the Deputy Secretary General of Chinese Experts and Scholars Association, Vice President of the China Electronic Commerce Association and Senior Adviser to Hainan Vocational Education Institute. Professor Huang has demonstrated his entrepreneurship ability, over the past 20 years, by leading two successful enterprises, General Counsel to Tongxiang Palm s Network Technology Co., Ltd. and Tongxiang Wuzhen PZ Points Software Development Co., Ltd. Both combined yearly revenues of USD100 million and manages over 100 employees in total. Our company believes that Dr. Huang s professional background experience gives him the qualifications and skills necessary to serve as a director of our company. Dato Antheny YAP Kit Chuan received his State honour from His Highness of Pahang State of Malaysia carrying the Dato title, in honouring his social and economic contribution. In 2013 Dato Antheny won the Top Brand Award for his mobile payment gateway solutions ventures and subsequently in 2016 ASEAN Most Recognised Brand Award in mobile business apps development. He was an entrepreneur at 18 years of age. He is now Executive Director and CEO to Asia Loyalty Corporation Pte Ltd (HK) with businesses in Information Technology, Education, Healthcare and Property Development. Dato Antheny has experience and knowledge in software development and payment gateway industry. In the past ten years, he has been involved in the corporate environment, particularly in merger and acquisition and capital market. 14 Table of Contents Our company believes that Mr. Yap s professional background experience gives him the qualifications and skills necessary to serve as a director of our company. Family Relationships There are no family relationships between any of our directors, executive officers and proposed directors or executive officers. Involvement in Certain Legal Proceedings To the best of our knowledge, none of our directors or executive officers has, during the past ten years: 1. been convicted in a criminal proceeding or been subject to a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor offences); 2. had any bankruptcy petition filed by or against the business or property of the person, or of any partnership, corporation or business association of which he was a general partner or executive officer, either at the time of the bankruptcy filing or within two years prior to that time; 3. been subject to any order, judgment, or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction or federal or state authority, permanently or temporarily enjoining, barring, suspending or otherwise limiting, his involvement in any type of business, securities, futures, commodities, investment, banking, savings and loan, or insurance activities, or to be associated with persons engaged in any such activity; 4. been found by a court of competent jurisdiction in a civil action or by the SEC or the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have violated a federal or state securities or commodities law, and the judgment has not been reversed, suspended, or vacated; 5. been the subject of, or a party to, any federal or state judicial or administrative order, judgment, decree, or finding, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated (not including any settlement of a civil proceeding among private litigants), relating to an alleged violation of any federal or state securities or commodities law or regulation, any law or regulation respecting financial institutions or insurance companies including, but not limited to, a temporary or permanent injunction, order of disgorgement or restitution, civil money penalty or temporary or permanent cease-and-desist order, or removal or prohibition order, or any law or regulation prohibiting mail or wire fraud or fraud in connection with any business entity; or 6. been the subject of, or a party to, any sanction or order, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any self-regulatory organization (as defined in Section 3(a)(26) of the Exchange Act (15 U.S.C. 78c(a)(26)), any registered entity (as defined in Section 1(a)(29) of the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1(a)(29)), or any equivalent exchange, association, entity or organization that has disciplinary authority over its members or persons associated with a member. TERM OF OFFICE Our directors are appointed to hold office until the next annual meeting of our stockholders or until their respective successor is elected and qualified, or until she resigns or is removed in accordance with the provisions of the Nevada Revised Statues. Our Board of Directors hold office until removed by the Board or until their resignation appoints our officer. 15 Table of Contents Item 11. Executive Compensation The particulars of the compensation paid to the following persons: (a) our principal executive officer; (b) each of our two most highly compensated executive officers who were serving as executive officers at the end of the years ended August 31, 2021 and 2020; and (c) up to two additional individuals for whom disclosure would have been provided under (b) but for the fact that the individual was not serving as our executive officer at the end of the years ended August 31, 2021 and 2020, who we will collectively refer to as the named executive officers of our company, are set out in the following summary compensation table, except that no disclosure is provided for any named executive officer, other than our principal executive officers, whose total compensation did not exceed 100,000 for the respective fiscal year: SUMMARY COMPENSATION TABLE Name and Principal Position Year Salary ) Bonus ) Stock Awards ) Option Awards ) Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensa-tion ) Change in Pension Value and Nonqualified Deferred Compensa-tion Earnings ) All Other Compensa-tion ) Total ) Yap Kit Chuan 2021 92,902 - - - - - - 92,902 President, CEO, CFO, Treasurer, Secretary and Director 2020 92,902 - - - - - - 92,902 Huang Minxi 2021 - - - - - - - - Director 2020 - - - - - - - - Mr. Yap Kit Chuan is drawing a monthly salary of RM30,000 (approximately 6,897) with contributions to Employee Provident Fund and Social Security (in accordance to Malaysian labor law) of RM3,676.95 (approximately 845), hence a total monthly salary compensation of RM 33,676.95 (approximately 7,742) effective from December 2016. There are no annuity, pension or retirement benefits proposed to be paid to the officer or director or employees in the event of retirement at normal retirement date pursuant to any presently existing plan provided or contributed to by the company or any of its subsidiaries, if any. Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters The following table sets forth certain information concerning the number of our common stock shares of owned beneficially as of December 13, 2021 by: (i) each person (including any group) who is known to us to own more than five percent (5 of any class of our voting securities, (ii) our director, and or (iii) our officer. Unless otherwise indicated, the stockholder listed possesses sole voting and investment power with respect to the shares shown. 16 Table of Contents Title of Class Name and Address of Beneficial Owner Affiliation Amount and Nature of Beneficial Ownership Percentage Common Stock Yap Kit Chuan of B-18-2 Blok B, East Lake, Seksyen 3, Taman Serdang Perdana, 43300 Seri Kembangan, Selangor Darul Ehsan, Malaysia. Director 48,368,127 (Direct) 56.07 Common Stock Huang Minxi of Room 4 Building No. 27, Ren Huang Shan Zhuang, Feng Huang Street, Wuxing District, Huzhou City, China Director 1,295,500 (Direct) 1.50 A beneficial owner of a security includes any person who, directly or indirectly, through any contract, arrangement, understanding, relationship, or otherwise has or shares: (i) voting power, which includes the power to vote, or to direct the voting of shares; and (ii) investment power, which includes the power to dispose or direct the disposition of shares. Certain shares may be deemed to be beneficially owned by more than one person (if, for example, persons share the power to vote or the power to dispose of the shares). In addition, shares are deemed to be beneficially owned by a person if the person has the right to acquire the shares (for example, upon exercise of an option) within 60 days of the date as of which the information is provided. In computing the percentage ownership of any person, the amount of shares outstanding is deemed to include the amount of shares beneficially owned by such person (and only such person) by reason of these acquisition rights. As of December 13, 2021, there were 86,264,000 shares of our common stock issued and outstanding. Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence Except as described below, during the year ended August 31, 2021, we did not enter into any transactions with our Executive Officer or Directors, or persons nominated for these positions, beneficial owners of 5 or more of our common stock, or family members of these persons wherein the amount involved in the transaction or a series of similar transactions exceeded the value of 1 of the average of our total assets for the last three fiscal years. Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services The following table sets forth the aggregate fees billed to the Company by its independent registered public accounting firm, for the fiscal years indicated. Accounting Fees Services For Year Ended August 31, 2021 For Year Ended August 31, 2020 Audit fees 10,900 10,000 Audit related fees - - Tax fee - - All other fess acquisition advice - - Total 10,900 10,000 All of the professional services rendered by principal accountants for the review and audit of our financial statements that are normally provided by the accountant in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements for last three fiscal years were approved by our board of directors. 17 Table of Contents PART IV Item 15. Exhibits The following exhibits are included as part of this report by reference: Exhibit No. Title Form Exhibit Filing Date 3.1 Articles of Incorporation S-1 3.1 11/27/2015 3.3 Bylaws S-1 3.2 11/27/2015 3.4 Certificate of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation, effective as of September 19, 2017 8-K 3.1 09/22/2017 10.1 Stock purchase agreement 10-Q 10.1 04/23/2019 31.1 Certification Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 32.1 Certification Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 101 Inline XBRL Document Set for the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes in Part II, Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 104 Inline XBRL for the cover page of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, included in the Exhibit 101 Inline XBRL Document Set. ___________ Filed herewith Furnished herewith _______ Filed herewith. As filed in the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-208237) Item 16. Form 10-K Summary None. 18 Table of Contents SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. FELLAZO CORP. /s/ Yap Kit Chuan Date: December 15, 2021 YAP KIT CHUAN President, CEO, CFO, Treasurer, Secretary and Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Company (Principal Executive Officer, Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. /s/ Yap Kit Chuan Date: December 15, 2021 YAP KIT CHUAN President, CEO, CFO, Treasurer, Secretary and Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Company (Principal Executive Officer, Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) Date: December 15, 2021 /s/ Huang Minxi HUANG MINXI Director 19 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 fllz_ex311.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 fllz_ex311.htm EXHIBIT 31.1 CERTIFICATION I, YAP KIT CHUAN, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of FELLAZO CORP. for the year ended August 31, 2021; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and we have: a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the fiscal year that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Date: December 15, 2021 By : /s/ Yap Kit Chuan YAP KIT CHUAN President, CEO, CFO, Treasurer, Secretary and Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Company (Principal Executive Officer, Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 3
 fllz_ex321.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 fllz_ex321.htm EXHIBIT 32.1 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of FELLAZO CORP. for the year ended August 31, 2021, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof, the undersigned hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to best of my knowledge and belief: (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. Date: December 15, 2021 By: /s/ Yap Kit Chuan YAP KIT CHUAN President, CEO, CFO, Treasurer, Secretary and Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Company (Principal Executive Officer, Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906, or other documents authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 4
 fllz-20210831.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 fllz-20210831_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.PRE>
 7
 fllz-20210831_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 fllz-20210831_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

