<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20211214_10-K_edgar_data_935419_0001493152-21-031404.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>14711293</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>337731</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1789019</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>5777171</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2748236</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3658623</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-21-031404.hdr.sgml : 20211214
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20211214160615
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-21-031404
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		109
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20210930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20211214
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20211214

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			RCI HOSPITALITY HOLDINGS, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000935419
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RETAIL-EATING PLACES [5812]
		IRS NUMBER:				760458229
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			TX
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0930

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-13992
		FILM NUMBER:		211491050

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		10737 CUTTEN ROAD
		CITY:			HOUSTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77066
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2813976730

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		10737 CUTTEN ROAD
		CITY:			HOUSTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77066

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	RICKS CABARET INTERNATIONAL INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19950112

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-21-031404.txt : 20211214

10-K
 1
 form10k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

ANNUAL
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

Transition
 report under Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

Commission
file number: 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State
 or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation
 or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer 
 Identification
 No.) 

,

(Address
of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

(Registrant s
telephone number, including area code) 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of each class 
 
 Trading
 Symbol(s) 
 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered 

The
 Global Market 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None. 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company,
or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller
reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer 
 Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.): Yes 

The
aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which
the common equity was last sold as of the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter was
 . 

As
of December 10, 2021, there were approximately 
shares of common stock outstanding. 

NOTE
ABOUT FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of
1995. These statements include, among other things, statements regarding plans, objectives, goals, strategies, future events or performance
and underlying assumptions and other statements, which are other than statements of historical facts. Forward-looking statements may
appear throughout this report, including without limitation, the following sections: Item 1 Business, Item 1A 
 Risk Factors, and Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations. Forward-looking statements generally can be identified by words such as anticipates, believes, 
 estimates, expects, intends, plans, predicts, projects, 
 will be, will continue, will likely result, and similar expressions. These forward-looking
statements are based on current expectations and assumptions that are subject to risks and uncertainties, which could cause our actual
results to differ materially from those reflected in the forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences
include, but are not limited to, those discussed in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and, in particular, the risks discussed under the
caption Risk Factors in Item 1A and those discussed in other documents we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). Important factors that in our view could cause material adverse effects on our financial condition and results of
operations include, but are not limited to, the risks and uncertainties associated with (i) operating and managing an adult business,
(ii) the business climates in cities where it operates, (iii) the success or lack thereof in launching and building the company s
businesses, (iv) cyber security, (v) conditions relevant to real estate transactions, (vi) the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, and (vii)
numerous other factors such as laws governing the operation of adult entertainment businesses, competition and dependence on key personnel.
We undertake no obligation to revise or publicly release the results of any revision to any forward-looking statements, except as required
by law. Given these risks and uncertainties, readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. 

2 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

Page
 No. 
 
 PART I 

Item
 1. 
 Business 
 4 

Item
 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 9 

Item
 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 19 

Item
 2. 
 Properties 
 19 

Item
 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 20 

Item
 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 20 

PART II 

Item
 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 21 

Item
 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 23 

Item
 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 24 

Item
 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 42 

Item
 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 42 

Item
 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 84 

Item
 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 84 

Item
 9B. 
 Other Information 
 86 

PART III 

Item
 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 88 

Item
 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 92 

Item
 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 98 

Item
 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 99 

Item
 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 100 

PART IV 

Item
 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 101 

Item
 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 102 

Signatures 
 103 

3 

PART
I 

Item
1. Business. 

OVERVIEW 

RCI
Hospitality Holdings, Inc. is a holding company. Through our subsidiaries, we engaged in a number of activities in the hospitality and
other businesses. As of September 30, 2021, our subsidiaries operated a total of 48 establishments that offer live adult entertainment
and/or restaurant and bar operations, including 2 locations that were temporarily closed. Together with its subsidiaries, RCI
Hospitality Holdings, Inc. is collectively referred to as RCIHH, the Company, we, us, 
or our in this report. We also operate a leading business communications company serving the multibillion-dollar adult
nightclubs industry. RCIHH was incorporated in the State of Texas in 1994 and became public in 1995. 

Our
fiscal year ends on September 30. References to years 2021, 2020, and 2019 are for fiscal years ended September 30, 2021, 2020, and 2019,
respectively. Our fiscal quarters chronologically end on December 31, March 31, June 30 and September 30. 

Our
corporate website address is www.rcihospitality.com. Upon written request, we make available free of charge our Annual Report on Form
10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and all amendments to those reports as soon as reasonably practicable
after such material is electronically filed with the SEC under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (www.sec.gov). Information
contained in the corporate website shall not be construed as part of this Form 10-K. 

COVID-19
PANDEMIC 

Since
the U.S. declaration of COVID-19 as a pandemic in March 2020, we have had a major disruption in our business operations that threatened
to significantly impact our cash flow. The declaration resulted in a significant reduction in customer traffic in our clubs and restaurants
due to changes in consumer behavior as social distancing practices, dining room closures, and other restrictions were mandated or encouraged
by federal, state, and local governments. To adapt to the situation, we took significant steps to augment an anticipated decline in operating
cash flows, including negotiating deferment of some of our debts, reducing the number of our employees and related payroll costs where
necessary, and deferring or modifying certain fixed and variable monthly expenses, among others. 

The temporary closure
of our clubs and restaurants caused by the COVID-19 pandemic presented operational challenges. Our strategy has been to open locations
and operate in accordance with local and state guidelines. As of the date of this report, all locations closed due to pandemic-related
restrictions were open. We believe that we can borrow capital if needed but currently we do not have unused credit facilities
so there can be no guarantee that additional liquidity will be readily available or available on favorable terms. 

On
May 8, 2020, the Company received approval and funding under the Paycheck Protection Program PPP of the Coronavirus Aid,
Relief, and Economic Security Act (the CARES Act for its restaurants, shared service entity, and lounge. See Notes 3,
9 and 10 to our consolidated financial statements. 

4 

As
of the release of this report, we do not know the future extent and duration of the impact of COVID-19 on our businesses. Closures and
operating restrictions, as caused by local, state, and national guidelines, could lead to adverse financial results. However, we will
continually monitor and evaluate the situation and will determine any further measures to be instituted. 

We
continue to adhere to state and local government mandates regarding the pandemic and, since March 2020, have closed and reopened a number
of our locations depending on changing government mandates, including operating hour and limited occupancy restrictions, where applicable. 

OUR
BUSINESS 

We
operate several businesses, which we aggregate for financial reporting purposes into two reportable segments Nightclubs and Bombshells.
Businesses not included as Nightclubs or Bombshells are combined as Other. 

During
fiscal 2021, 2020, and 2019, on a consolidated basis, revenues were 195.3 million, 132.3 million, and 181.1 million, respectively,
generating diluted earnings (loss) per share of 3.37, (0.66), and 2.10, respectively. Fiscal 2020 was heavily impacted by the
COVID-19 pandemic. 

Nightclubs
Segment 

We
operate our adult entertainment nightclubs through several brands that target many different demographics of customers by providing a
unique, quality entertainment environment. Our clubs do business as Rick s Cabaret, Jaguars Club, Tootsie s Cabaret, XTC
Cabaret, Club Onyx, Hoops Cabaret and Sports Bar, Scarlett s Cabaret, Temptations Adult Cabaret, Foxy s Cabaret, Vivid Cabaret,
Downtown Cabaret, Cabaret East, The Seville, Silver City Cabaret, and Kappa Men s Club. We also operate one dance club under the
brand name Studio 80. 

We
generate revenue from our nightclubs through the sale of alcoholic beverages, food, and merchandise items; service in the form
of cover charge, dance fees, and room rentals; and through other related means such as ATM commissions and vending income, among others. 

During
fiscal 2021, our Nightclub segment sales mix was 40 service revenue; 40 alcoholic beverages; and 20 food, merchandise and other. Segment
gross margin (revenues less cost of goods sold, divided by revenues) was approximately 88 . Our Nightclubs segment revenue increased
by 55 and income from operations increased by more than 230 compared to prior year. Same-stores sales for Nightclubs in 2021
was -2.1 with the impact of the pandemic excluded from comparable sales. With the impact of the pandemic included in comparable sales
(see Adjusted Same-Store Sales on page 25), Nightclubs same-store sales would be +59.2 . 

5 

Our
Nightclubs segment continues to be affected by the COVID-19 pandemic as most states we operate in have reissued directives for
strict safety restrictions due to the resurgence of cases. 

On October 18, 2021, we and certain of our
subsidiaries completed our acquisition of eleven gentlemen s clubs, six related real estate properties, and associated
intellectual property for a total agreed acquisition price of 88.0 million (with a total consideration preliminary fair
value of 88.4 million based on the Company s stock price at acquisition date and discounted due to the lock-up period).
See Note 15 to our consolidated financial statements for details of the transaction. 

A
list of our nightclub locations is in Item 2 Properties. 

Bombshells
Segment 

Our
Bombshells segment operates a restaurant and bar concept that sets itself apart with d cor that pays homage to all branches of
the U.S. military. Locations feature local DJs, large outdoor patios, and more than 75 state-of-the-art flat screen TVs for watching
your favorite sports. All food and drink menu items have military names. Bombshell Girls, with their military-inspired uniforms, are
a key attraction. Their mission, in addition to waitressing, is to interact with guests and generate a fun atmosphere. Bombshells is
also franchising under our subsidiary, BMB Franchising Services, Inc., which has been approved to sell franchises in all 50 states. On
December 22, 2020, the Company signed a franchise development agreement with a group of private investors to open three Bombshells locations
in San Antonio, Texas over a period of five years, and the right of first refusal for three more locations in Corpus Christi, New Braunfels,
and San Marcos, all in Texas. See Note 4 to our consolidated financial statements. As of September 30, 2021, we operated ten Bombshells
locations, all in Texas with one in Dallas, one in Austin, and eight in the Greater Houston area. 

During
fiscal 2021, Bombshells sales mix was 57 alcoholic beverages and 43 food, merchandise, and other. Segment gross margin (revenues
less cost of goods sold, divided by revenues) was approximately 76 . We grew Bombshells segment revenue by 31 and income from operations
by 44 from prior year despite the lingering effect of the COVID-19 pandemic. Same-stores sales for Bombshells in 2021 was +7.7 with
the impact of the pandemic excluded from comparable sales. With the impact of the pandemic included in comparable sales (see Adjusted
Same-Store Sales on page 25), Bombshells same-store sales would be +24.8 . 

We
opened the first Bombshells in March 2013 in Dallas, quickly becoming one of the most popular restaurant destinations in the area. Within
six years, eight more opened in the Austin and Houston, Texas areas, including two that were opened in fiscal 2019. In September 2016,
we closed one Bombshells location in Webster, Texas. We opened one Bombshells on Interstate 10 (BMB I-10), east of Houston in December
2018, and another one on State Highway 249 (BMB 249), northwest of Houston in March 2019. In fiscal 2020, we opened one Bombshells in
Katy, Texas (BMB Katy) in October 2019, and another on U.S. Highway 59 (BMB 59) in Houston, Texas in January
2020. Of the ten active Bombshells as of September 30, 2021, eight are freestanding pad sites and two are inline locations. In December
2021, we opened a new Bombshells location in Arlington, Texas. Currently, we have one Bombshells franchised location
that is under construction. 

For
a list of our Bombshells locations, refer to Item 2 Properties. 

Other
Segment 

We
group together all businesses not belonging to either Nightclubs and Bombshells as Other reportable segment. This is made up of several
wholly-owned subsidiaries composed primarily of our Media Group and Drink Robust. Our Media Group is the leading business communications
company serving the multibillion-dollar adult nightclubs industry and the adult retail products industry. It owns a national industry
convention and tradeshow; two national industry trade publications; two national industry award shows; and more than a dozen industry
and social media websites. Included in the Media Group is ED Publications, publishers of the bimonthly ED Club Bulletin, the only national
business magazine serving the 2,200-plus adult nightclubs in North America, which collectively have annual revenues in excess of 5 billion,
according to the Association of Club Executives. ED Publications, founded in 1991, also publishes the Annual VIP Guide of adult nightclubs,
touring entertainers and industry vendors; and produces the Annual Gentlemen s Club Owners EXPO, a national convention and
tradeshow. The Media Group produces two nationally
recognized industry award shows for the readers of both ED Club Bulletin and StorErotica magazines, and maintains a number of B-to-B
and consumer websites for both industries. Drink Robust is licensed to sell Robust Energy Drink in the United States. 

6 

OUR
STRATEGY 

Our
overall objective is to create value for our shareholders by developing and operating profitable businesses in the hospitality and related
space. We strive to achieve that by providing an attractive price-value entertainment, dining experience, and top-notch service;
by attracting and retaining quality personnel; and by focusing on unit-level operating performance. Aside from our operating strategy,
we employ a capital allocation strategy. 

Capital
Allocation Strategy 

Our
capital allocation strategy provides us with disciplined guidelines on how we should use our free cash flows; provided however, that
we may deviate from this strategy if other strategic rationale warrants. We calculate free cash flow as net cash flows from operating
activities minus maintenance capital expenditures. Using the after-tax yield of buying our own stock as baseline, management believes
that we are able to make better investment decisions. 

Based
on our current capital allocation strategy: 

We
 consider acquiring or developing our own clubs or restaurants that we believe have the potential to provide a minimum cash on cash
 return of 25 -33 , absent an otherwise strategic rationale; 

We
 consider disposing of underperforming units to free up capital for more productive use; 

We
 consider buying back our own stock if the after-tax yield on free cash flow is above 10 ; 

We
 consider paying down our most expensive debt if it makes sense on a tax-adjusted basis, or there is an otherwise strategic rationale. 

Since the first full year of implementing our capital allocation strategy in fiscal 2016
up to fiscal 2021, we improved diluted earnings per share at a compounded annual growth rate CAGR of 24.9 , which was
mainly caused by increasing revenue at a CAGR of 7.7 , flowing through net income at a CAGR of 23.6 . As a result, net cash provided
by operating activities improved at 12.8 and free cash flow at 12.0 CAGR for the same period. See discussions of our non-GAAP financial measures starting on page 35. 

COMPETITION 

The
adult entertainment and the restaurant/sports bar businesses are highly competitive with respect to price, service and location. All
of our nightclubs compete with a number of locally owned adult clubs, some of whose brands may have name recognition that equals that
of ours. The names Rick s and Rick s Cabaret, Tootsie s Cabaret, XTC
Cabaret, Scarlett s, Silver City, Club Onyx, Downtown Cabaret, Temptations, 
 The Seville, Jaguars, Hoops Cabaret, Foxy s Cabaret, Mile
High Men s Club, Country Rock Cabaret, PT s, and Diamond Cabaret are
proprietary. In the restaurant/sports bar business, Bombshells is also proprietary. We believe that the combination of
our existing brand name recognition and the distinctive entertainment environment that we have created allows us to compete effectively
in the industry and within the cities where we operate. Although we believe that we are well positioned to compete successfully, there
can be no assurance that we will be able to maintain our high level of name recognition and prestige within the marketplace. 

GOVERNMENTAL
REGULATIONS 

We
are subject to various federal, state and local laws affecting our business activities. Particularly in Texas, the authority to issue
a permit to sell alcoholic beverages is governed by the Texas Alcoholic Beverage Commission TABC ), which has the authority,
in its discretion, to issue the appropriate permits. We presently hold a Mixed Beverage Permit and a Late Hour Permit at numerous Texas
locations. Minnesota, North Carolina, Louisiana, Arizona, Pennsylvania, Florida, New York, and Illinois have similar laws that may limit
the availability of a permit to sell alcoholic beverages or that may provide for suspension or revocation of a permit to sell alcoholic
beverages in certain circumstances. It is our policy, prior to expanding into any new market, to take steps to ensure compliance with
all licensing and regulatory requirements for the sale of alcoholic beverages, as well as the sale of food. 

7 

In
addition to various regulatory requirements affecting the sale of alcoholic beverages, in many cities where we operate, the location
of an adult entertainment cabaret is subject to restriction by city, county or other governmental ordinance. The prohibitions deal generally
with distance from schools, churches and other sexually oriented businesses, and contain restrictions based on the percentage of residences
within the immediate vicinity of the sexually oriented business. The granting of a sexually oriented business permit is not subject to
discretion; the permit must be granted if the proposed operation satisfies the requirements of the ordinance. In all states where we
operate, management believes we are in compliance with applicable city, county, state or other local laws governing the sale of alcohol
and sexually oriented businesses. 

In relation to acquisitions that closed in October
and November 2021, we now have club locations in Denver, Colorado; Louisville, Kentucky; Raleigh, North Carolina; Portland, Maine; Indianapolis,
Indiana; Sauget, Illinois; and Newburgh, New York. 

TRADEMARKS 

Our rights to the trade names RCI Hospitality
Holdings, Inc., Rick s, Rick s Cabaret, Tootsie s Cabaret, Club
Onyx, XTC Cabaret, Temptations, Jaguars, Downtown Cabaret, Cabaret
East, Bombshells Restaurant and Bar, Vee Lounge, Mile High Men s Club, Country
Rock Cabaret, PT s, and Diamond Cabaret are established under common law, based upon our
substantial and continuous use of these trade names in interstate commerce, some of which have been in use at least as early as 1987.
We have registered our service mark, RICK S AND STARS DESIGN, and the BOMBSHELLS RESTAURANT BAR 
logo design with the United States Patent and Trademark Office. We have also obtained service mark registrations from the Patent and
Trademark Office for RICK S AND STARS DESIGN logo, RCI HOSPITALITY HOLDINGS, INC., RICK S, 
 RICK S CABARET, CLUB ONYX, XTC CABARET, SCARLETT S CABARET, SILVER
CITY CABARET, BOMBSHELLS RESTAURANT AND BAR, THE SEVILLE CLUB, DOWN IN TEXAS SALOON, 
 CLUB DULCE, THE BLACK ORCHID, HOOPS CABARET, VEE LOUNGE, STUDIO 80, 
 FOXY S CABARET, EXOTIC DANCER, TOYS FOR TATAS, and BOMBSHELLS OFFICER S
CLUB are registered through service mark registrations issued by the United States Patent and Trademark Office. As of this
date, we have pending registration applications for the names TOOTSIES CABARET, IN THE BIZ, JAGUARS, 
 THE MANSION, and LA BOHEME GENTLEMAN S CLUB. We also own the rights to numerous trade names
associated with our media division. There can be no assurance that these steps we have taken to protect our service marks will be adequate
to deter misappropriation of our protected intellectual property rights. 

As a result of an acquisition that closed on October 18, 2021 (see
Note 15 to our consolidated financial statements), we obtained the rights to the following service mark registrations from the Patent
and Trademark Office: MILE HIGH MEN S CLUB, MHMC logo, AFTER DARK, COUNTRY ROCK
CABARET, PT S, DIAMOND CABARET, and NAUGHTY MOMMIES NIGHT OUT. 

EMPLOYEES
AND INDEPENDENT CONTRACTORS 

Our
people are employed by the parent company or by any of its subsidiaries. Executive officers are employed by the parent company; shared
services personnel and managers responsible for multiple clubs or restaurants are employed by RCI Management Services, Inc.; and the
rest are employed by the individual operating entities. As of September 30, 2021, we had the following employees: 

Operations 

Managers 
 Non-Managers 
 Corporate 
 Total 
 
 Hourly 
 15 
 2,135 
 20 
 2,170 
 
 Salaried 
 273 
 28 
 58 
 359 

288 
 2,163 
 78 
 2,529 

Additionally,
as of September 30, 2021, we had independent contractor entertainers who are self-employed and conduct business at our locations on a
non-exclusive basis. Our entertainers at Rick s Cabaret in Minneapolis, Minnesota and at Jaguars Club in Phoenix, Arizona act as
commissioned employees. All employees and independent contractors sign arbitration non-class-action participation agreements, where allowed
by federal and state laws. None of our employees are represented by a union. We consider our employee relations to be good. 

We
believe that the adult entertainment industry standard of treating entertainers as independent contractors provides us with safe harbor
protection to preclude payroll tax assessment. We have prepared plans that we believe will protect our profitability in the event that
the sexually oriented business industry is required in all states to convert entertainers, who are now independent contractors, into
employees. See related discussion in Risk Factors below. 

8 

Item
1A. Risk Factors. 

An
investment in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the risks described below before deciding
to purchase shares of our common stock. If any of the events, contingencies, circumstances or conditions described in the risks below
actually occurs, our business, financial condition, or results of operations could be seriously harmed. The trading price of our
common stock could, in turn, decline and you could lose all or part of your investment. 

A
summary of our risk factors is as follows: 

Risks
related to general macroeconomic and safety conditions 

The
 novel coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic has disrupted and is expected to continue to disrupt our business, which has and could continue
 to materially affect our operations, financial condition, and results of operations for an extended period of time. 

If
 we are unable to maintain compliance with certain of our debt covenants or unable to obtain waivers, we may be unable to make additional
 borrowings and be declared in default where our debt will be made immediately due and payable. In addition, global economic conditions
 may make it more difficult to access new credit facilities. 

We
 have recorded impairment charges in current and past periods and may record additional impairment charges in future
 periods. 

Risks related to regulations and/or regulatory
agencies 

Our business operations are subject to regulatory uncertainties which may affect our ability to continue operations of existing nightclubs, acquire additional nightclubs, or be profitable. 

The adult entertainment industry standard is to classify adult entertainers as independent contractors, not employees. If federal or state law mandates that they be classified as employees, our business could be adversely impacted. 

Our revenues could be significantly affected by limitations relating to permits to sell alcoholic beverages. 

Activities or conduct at our nightclubs may cause us to lose necessary business licenses, expose us to liability, or result in adverse publicity, which may increase our costs and divert management s attention from our business. 

9 

Risks related to our business 

We
 may deviate from our present capital allocation strategy. 

We
 may need additional financing, or our business expansion plans may be significantly limited. 

There
 is substantial competition in the nightclub entertainment industry, which may affect our ability to operate profitably or acquire
 additional clubs. 

The
 adult entertainment industry is extremely volatile. 

Private
 advocacy group actions targeted at the kind of adult entertainment we offer could result in limitations and our inability to operate
 in certain locations and negatively impact our business. 

We
 rely heavily on information technology in our operations and any material failure, weakness, interruption or breach of security could
 prevent us from effectively operating our business. 

Security
 breaches of confidential customer information or personal employee information may adversely affect our business. 

Our
 acquisitions may result in disruptions in our business and diversion of management s attention. 

We
 face a variety of risks associated with doing business with franchisees and licensees. 

The
 impact of new club or restaurant openings could result in fluctuations in our financial performance. 

Our ability to grow sales through delivery orders is
 uncertain. 

We
 incur significant costs as a result of operating as a public company, and our management devotes substantial time to new compliance
 initiatives. 

We
 have identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting. 

We
 may have uninsured risks in excess of our insurance coverage. 

Our
 previous liability insurer may be unable to provide coverage to us and our subsidiaries. 

The
 protection provided by our service marks is limited. 

We
 are dependent on key personnel. 

A
 failure to maintain food safety throughout the supply chain and food-borne illness concerns may have an adverse effect on our business. 

Other
 risk factors may adversely affect our financial performance. 

Risk
related to our common stock 

We
 must continue to meet NASDAQ Global Market Continued Listing Requirements, or we risk delisting. 

We
 may be subject to allegations, defamations, or other detrimental conduct by third parties, which could harm our reputation and cause
 us to lose customers and/or contribute to a deflation of our stock price. 

Our
 quarterly operating results may fluctuate and could fall below the expectations of securities analysts and investors due to seasonality
 and other factors, some of which are beyond our control, resulting in a decline in our stock price. 

Anti-takeover
 effects of the issuance of our preferred stock could adversely affect our common stock. 

Future
 sales or the perception of future sales of a substantial amount of our common stock may depress our stock price. 

Our
 stock price has been volatile and may fluctuate in the future. 

Cumulative
 voting is not available to our stockholders. 

Our
 directors and officers have limited liability and have rights to indemnification. 

10 

Details
of our risk factors are as follows: 

Risks
related to general macroeconomic and safety conditions 

The
novel coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic has disrupted and is expected to continue to disrupt our business, which has and could continue
to materially affect our operations, financial condition and results of operations for an extended period of time. 

The
COVID-19 pandemic has had an adverse effect that is material on our business. The COVID-19 pandemic, federal, state and local government
responses to COVID-19, our customers responses to the pandemic, and our Company s responses to the pandemic have all disrupted
and will continue to disrupt our business. In the United States, as well as globally, individuals are being encouraged to practice social
distancing, restricted from gathering in groups and, in some areas, placed on complete restriction from non-essential movements outside
of their homes. In response to the COVID-19 pandemic and these changing conditions, we temporarily closed all of our clubs and restaurants
on March 18, 2020. We furloughed club and restaurant employees, except for a limited number of unit managers, and implemented cost savings
measures throughout our operations. We have since reopened many of our club and Bombshells locations with certain operating hour restrictions
and with limited occupancy. The COVID-19 pandemic s impact on the economy in general could also adversely affect our customers 
financial condition, resulting in reduced spending at our clubs and restaurants. The COVID-19 pandemic and these responses have affected
and will continue to adversely affect our customer traffic, sales and operating costs and we cannot predict how long the pandemic will
last or what other government responses may occur. 

If
the business interruptions caused by COVID-19 last longer than we expect, we may need to seek other sources of liquidity. The COVID-19
pandemic is adversely affecting the availability of liquidity generally in the credit markets, and there can be no guarantee that additional
liquidity will be readily available or available on favorable terms. 

Our
club and restaurant operations could be further disrupted if any of our employees are diagnosed with COVID-19 and the circumstances require
quarantine of some or all of a club or restaurant s employees and disinfection of the facilities. If a significant percentage of
our workforce is unable to work, whether because of illness, quarantine, limitations on travel or other government restrictions in connection
with COVID-19, our operations may be negatively impacted, potentially materially adversely affecting our liquidity, financial condition
or results of operations. Those employees might seek and find other employment during our business interruption, which could materially
adversely affect our ability to properly staff and reopen our clubs and restaurants with experienced team members when permitted to do
so by governments. 

Our
suppliers could be adversely impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic. If our suppliers employees are unable to work, whether because
of illness, quarantine, limitations on travel or other government restrictions in connection with COVID-19, we could face shortages of
food items or other supplies at our restaurants and our operations and sales could be adversely impacted by such supply interruptions. 

The
equity markets in the United States have been extremely volatile due to the COVID-19 pandemic and the Company s stock price has
fluctuated significantly. 

11 

If
we are unable to maintain compliance with certain of our debt covenants or unable to obtain waivers, we may be unable to make additional
borrowings and be declared in default where our debt will be made immediately due and payable. In addition, global economic conditions
may make it more difficult to access new credit facilities. 

Our
liquidity position is, in part, dependent upon our ability to borrow funds from financial institutions and/or private individuals. Certain
of our debts have financial covenants that require us to maintain certain operating income to debt service ratios. As of September 30,
2021, we were in compliance with all covenants. However, as a result of the COVID-19 outbreak, our total revenues decreased significantly
(although they have since recovered), and we have implemented certain operational changes in order to address the evolving challenges
presented by the global pandemic on our operations. Due to the impact of COVID-19, our financial performance in future fiscal quarters
will be negatively impacted. A failure to comply with the financial covenants under our credit facility or obtain waivers would give
rise to an event of default under the terms of certain of our debts, allowing the lenders to accelerate repayment of any outstanding
debt. 

We
have recorded impairment charges in current and past periods and may record additional impairment charges in future periods. 

Our nightclubs are often acquired with a purchase
price based on historical EBITDA (Earnings Before Interest, Taxes, Depreciation and Amortization). This results in certain nightclubs
carrying a substantial amount of intangible asset value, mostly allocated to licenses and goodwill. Generally accepted accounting principles
require periodic impairment review of indefinite-lived intangible assets, long-lived assets, and goodwill to determine if, or when events
and circumstances indicate that, the fair value of these assets is not recoverable. As a result of our periodic impairment reviews, we
recorded impairment charges of 13.6 million in 2021 (representing 6.3 million goodwill impairment on seven clubs, 5.3
million SOB license impairment on three clubs, and 2.0 million property and equipment impairment on four clubs and
one held-for-sale property); 10.6 million in 2020 (representing 7.9 million goodwill impairment on seven club reporting units, 2.3
million of license impairment on two clubs, 302,000 property and equipment impairment on one club and one Bombshells, and 104,000 of
operating lease right-of-use asset impairment on one club); and 6.0 million in 2019 (representing 4.2 million property and equipment
impairment on two clubs, 1.6 million goodwill impairment on four clubs, and 178,000 of license impairment on one club). A huge portion,
if not all, of the impairments in 2021 and 2020 related to the projected decline in EBITDA caused by the COVID-19 pandemic. If
difficult market and economic conditions materialize over the next year and/or we experience a decrease in revenue at one or more nightclubs
or restaurants, we could incur a decline in fair value of one or more of our nightclubs or restaurants. This could result in future impairment
charges of up to the total value of our tangible and intangible assets, including goodwill. We actively monitor our clubs and restaurants
for any indication of impairment. 

Risks
related to regulations and/or regulatory agencies 

Our
business operations are subject to regulatory uncertainties which may affect our ability to continue operations of existing nightclubs,
acquire additional nightclubs, or be profitable. 

Adult
entertainment nightclubs are subject to local, state and federal regulations. Our business is regulated by local zoning, local and state
liquor licensing, local ordinances, and state and federal time place and manner restrictions. The adult entertainment provided by our
nightclubs has elements of speech and expression and, therefore, enjoys some protection under the First Amendment to the United States
Constitution. However, the protection is limited to the expression, and not the conduct of an entertainer. While our nightclubs are generally
well established in their respective markets, there can be no assurance that local, state and/or federal licensing and other regulations
will permit our nightclubs to remain in operation or profitable in the future. 

12 

The
adult entertainment industry standard is to classify adult entertainers as independent contractors, not employees. If federal or state
law mandates that they be classified as employees, our business could be adversely impacted. 

The
adult entertainment industry standard is to classify adult entertainers as independent contractors, not employees. The Internal Revenue
Service regulations and applicable state law guidelines regarding independent contractor classification are subject to judicial and agency
interpretation, and it could be determined that the independent contractor classification is inapplicable. Further, if legal standards
for classification of independent contractors change, it may be necessary to modify our compensation structure for these adult entertainers,
including by paying additional compensation or reimbursing expenses. While we take steps to ensure that our adult entertainers are deemed
independent contractors, if our adult entertainers are determined to have been misclassified as independent contractors, we would incur
additional exposure under federal and state law, workers compensation, unemployment benefits, labor, employment and tort laws,
including for prior periods, as well as potential liability for employee benefits and tax withholdings. Any of these outcomes could result
in substantial costs to us, could significantly impair our financial condition and our ability to conduct our business as we choose,
and could damage our ability to attract and retain other personnel. 

Our
revenues could be significantly affected by limitations relating to permits to sell alcoholic beverages. 

We
derive a significant portion of our revenues from the sale of alcoholic beverages. States in which we operate may have laws which may
limit the availability of a permit to sell alcoholic beverages, or which may provide for suspension or revocation of a permit to sell
alcoholic beverages in certain circumstances. The temporary or permanent suspension or revocations of any such permits would have a material
adverse effect on our revenues, financial condition and results of operations. In all states where we operate, management believes we
are in compliance with applicable city, county, state or other local laws governing the sale of alcohol. 

Activities
or conduct at our nightclubs may cause us to lose necessary business licenses, expose us to liability, or result in adverse publicity,
which may increase our costs and divert management s attention from our business. 

We
are subject to risks associated with activities or conduct at our nightclubs that are illegal or violate the terms of necessary business
licenses. Some of our nightclubs operate under licenses for sexually oriented businesses and are afforded some protection under the First
Amendment to the U.S. Constitution. While we believe that the activities at our nightclubs comply with the terms of such licenses, and
that the element of our business that constitutes an expression of free speech under the First Amendment to the U.S. Constitution is
protected, activities and conduct at our nightclubs may be found to violate the terms of such licenses or be unprotected under the U.S.
Constitution. This protection is limited to the expression and not the conduct of an entertainer. An issuing authority may suspend or
terminate a license for a nightclub found to have violated the license terms. Illegal activities or conduct at any of our nightclubs
may result in negative publicity or litigation. Such consequences may increase our cost of doing business, divert management s
attention from our business and make an investment in our securities unattractive to current and potential investors, thereby lowering
our profitability and our stock price. 

We
have developed comprehensive policies aimed at ensuring that the operation of each of our nightclubs is conducted in conformance with
local, state and federal laws. We have a no tolerance policy on illegal drug use in or around our facilities. We continually
monitor the actions of entertainers, waitresses and customers to ensure that proper behavior standards are met. However, such policies,
no matter how well designed and enforced, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the policies objectives are
being achieved. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems and policies, there can be no assurance that our policies
will prevent deliberate acts by persons attempting to violate or circumvent them. Notwithstanding the foregoing limitations, management
believes that our policies are reasonably effective in achieving their purposes. 

Risks
related to our business 

We
may deviate from our present capital allocation strategy. 

We
believe that our present capital allocation strategy will provide us with optimized returns. However, implementation of our capital allocation
strategy depends on the interplay of several factors such as our stock price, our outstanding common shares, the interest rates on our
debt, and the rate of return on available investments. If these factors are not conducive to implementing our present capital allocation
strategy, or we determine that adopting a different capital allocation strategy is in the best interest of shareholders, we reserve the
right to deviate from this approach. There can be no assurance that we will not deviate from or adopt an alternative capital allocation
strategy moving forward. 

13 

We
may need additional financing, or our business expansion plans may be significantly limited. 

If
cash generated from our operations is insufficient to satisfy our working capital and capital expenditure requirements, we will need
to raise additional funds through the public or private sale of our equity or debt securities. The timing and amount of our capital requirements
will depend on a number of factors, including cash flow and cash requirements for nightclub acquisitions and new restaurant development.
If additional funds are raised through the issuance of equity or convertible debt securities, the ownership percentage of our then-existing
shareholders will be diluted. We cannot ensure that additional financing will be available on terms favorable to us, if at all.
Any future equity financing, if available, may result in dilution to existing shareholders; and debt financing, if available, may include
restrictive covenants. Any failure by us to procure timely additional financing, if needed, will have material adverse consequences on
our business operations. 

There
is substantial competition in the nightclub entertainment industry, which may affect our ability to operate profitably or acquire additional
clubs. 

Our
nightclubs face substantial competition. Some of our competitors may have greater financial and management resources than we do. Additionally,
the industry is subject to unpredictable competitive trends and competition for general entertainment dollars. There can be no assurance
that we will be able to remain profitable in this competitive industry. 

The
adult entertainment industry is extremely volatile. 

Historically,
the adult entertainment, restaurant and bar industry has been an extremely volatile industry. The industry tends to be extremely sensitive
to the general local economy, in that when economic conditions are prosperous, adult entertainment industry revenues increase, and when
economic conditions are unfavorable, entertainment industry revenues decline. Coupled with this economic sensitivity are the trendy personal
preferences of the customers who frequent adult cabarets. We continuously monitor trends in our customers tastes and entertainment
preferences so that, if necessary, we can make appropriate changes which will allow us to remain one of the premiere adult cabarets.
However, any significant decline in general corporate conditions or uncertainties regarding future economic prospects that affect consumer
spending could have a material adverse effect on our business. In addition, we have historically catered to a clientele base from the
upper end of the market. Accordingly, further reductions in the amounts of entertainment expenses allowed as deductions from income under
the Internal Revenue Code of 1954, as amended, could adversely affect sales to customers dependent upon corporate expense accounts. 

Private
advocacy group actions targeted at the kind of adult entertainment we offer could result in limitations in our inability to operate
in certain locations and negatively impact our business. 

Our
ability to operate successfully depends on the protection provided to us under the First Amendment to the U.S. Constitution. From time
to time, private advocacy groups have sought to target our nightclubs by petitioning for non-renewal of certain of our permits and licenses.
Furthermore, private advocacy groups which have influences on certain financial institutions have managed to sway these financial institutions
into not doing business with us. In addition to possibly limiting our operations and financing options, negative publicity campaigns,
lawsuits and boycotts could negatively affect our businesses and cause additional financial harm by discouraging investors from investing
in our securities or requiring that we incur significant expenditures to defend our business. 

We
rely heavily on information technology in our operations and any material failure, weakness, interruption, or breach of security
could prevent us from effectively operating our business. 

Our
operations and corporate functions rely heavily on information systems, including point-of-sale processing, management of our supply
chain, payment of obligations, collection of cash, electronic communications, data warehousing to support analytics, finance and accounting
systems, mobile technologies to enhance the customer experience, and other various processes and procedures, some of which are handled
by third parties. Our ability to efficiently and effectively manage our business depends significantly on the reliability and capacity
of these systems. The failure of these systems to operate effectively, maintenance problems, upgrading or transitioning to new platforms,
or a breach in security relating to these systems could result in delays in consumer service and reduce efficiency in our operations.
These problems could adversely affect our results of operations, and remediation could result in significant, unplanned capital investments. 

14 

Security
breaches of confidential customer information or personal employee information may adversely affect our business. 

A
significant portion of our revenues are paid through debit and credit cards. Other restaurants and retailers have experienced significant
security breaches in which debit and credit card information or other personal information of their customers have been stolen. We also
maintain certain personal information regarding our employees. Although we aim to safeguard our technology systems, they could potentially
be vulnerable to damage, disability or failures due to physical theft, fire, power outage, telecommunication failure or other catastrophic
events, as well as from internal and external security breaches, employee error or malfeasance, denial of service attacks, viruses, worms
and other disruptive problems caused by hackers and cyber criminals. A breach in our systems that compromises the information of our
customers or employees could result in widespread negative publicity, damage to our reputation, a loss of customers, and legal liabilities.
We may in the future become subject to lawsuits or other proceedings for purportedly fraudulent transactions arising from the actual
or alleged theft of our customers debit and credit card information or if customer or employee information is obtained by unauthorized
persons or used inappropriately. Any such claim or proceeding, or any adverse publicity resulting from such an event, may have a material
adverse effect on our business. 

Our
acquisitions may result in disruptions in our business and diversion of management s attention. 

We
have made and may continue to make acquisitions of complementary nightclubs, restaurants or related operations. Any acquisitions will
require the integration of the operations, products and personnel of the acquired businesses and the training and motivation of these
individuals. Such acquisitions may disrupt our operations and divert management s attention from day-to-day operations, which could
impair our relationships with current employees, customers and partners. We may also incur debt or issue equity securities to pay for
any future acquisitions. These issuances could be substantially dilutive to our stockholders. In addition, our profitability may suffer
because of acquisition-related costs or amortization, or impairment costs for acquired goodwill and other intangible assets. If management
is unable to fully integrate acquired business, products or persons with existing operations, we may not receive the benefits of the
acquisitions, and our revenues and stock trading price may decrease. 

We
face a variety of risks associated with doing business with franchisees and licensees. 

We
have started franchising Bombshells. We believe that we have selected highly competent operating partners and franchisees with significant
experience in restaurant operations, and we are providing them training and support on the Bombshells brand. However, the probability
of opening, ultimate success and quality of any franchise or licensed restaurant rests principally with the franchisee. If the franchisee
does not successfully open and operate its restaurants in a manner consistent with our standards, or if guests have negative experiences
due to issues with food quality or operational execution, our brand value could suffer, which could have an adverse impact on our business. 

The
impact of new club or restaurant openings could result in fluctuations in our financial performance. 

Performance
of any new club or restaurant location will usually differ from its originally targeted performance due to a variety of factors, and
these differences may be material. New clubs and restaurants typically encounter higher customer traffic and sales in their initial months,
which may decrease over time. Accordingly, sales achieved by new or reconcepted locations may not be indicative of future operating results.
Additionally, we incur substantial pre-opening expenses each time we open a new establishment, which expenses may be higher than anticipated.
Due to the foregoing factors, results for any one fiscal quarter are not necessarily indicative of results to be expected for any other
fiscal quarter or for a full fiscal year. 

15 

Our ability to grow sales through delivery orders is uncertain. 

Part of our strategy for restaurant growth is
dependent on increased sales from guests that want our food delivered to them. We currently rely on third-party delivery providers for
the ordering and payment platforms that receive guest orders and that send orders directly to our point-of-sale system. These platforms
could be damaged or interrupted by technological failures, cyber-attacks, or other factors, which may adversely impact our sales through
these channels. 

Delivery providers generally fulfill delivery
orders through drivers that are independent contractors. These drivers may make errors, fail to make timely deliveries, damage our food,
or poorly represent our brands, which may lead to customer disappointment, reputational harm and unmet sales expectations. Our sales
may also be adversely impacted if there is a shortage of drivers that are willing and available to make deliveries from our restaurants.
We also incur additional costs associated with delivery orders, and it is possible that these orders could cannibalize more profitable
in-restaurant visits or take-out orders. 

We
incur significant costs as a result of operating as a public company, and our management devotes substantial time to new compliance initiatives. 

We incur significant legal, accounting and other expenses that our non-public competition does not incur. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
2002 (the Sarbanes-Oxley Act ), as well as new rules subsequently implemented by the SEC, have imposed various requirements
on public companies, including requiring certain corporate governance practices. Our management and other personnel devote a substantial
amount of time to these compliance initiatives. Moreover, these rules and regulations increase our legal and financial compliance costs
and will make some activities more time-consuming and costly. 

In addition, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires,
among other things, that we maintain effective internal control over financial reporting and effective disclosure controls and procedures.
In particular, under Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, we are required to perform system and process evaluation and testing on the
effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting, and our independent registered public accounting firm is required to
report on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. In performing this evaluation and testing, both our management
and our independent registered public accounting firm concluded that our internal control over financial reporting is not effective as
of September 30, 2021 because of a material weakness. We are, however, addressing this issue and remediating our material weakness. Upon
finalizing the remediation of this material weakness, we believe our internal control will be deemed effective. Correcting this issue,
and thereafter our continued compliance with Section 404 will require that we incur substantial accounting expense and expend significant
management efforts. Moreover, if we are not able to correct our internal control issues and comply with the requirements of Section 404
in a timely manner, or if in the future we or our independent registered public accounting firm identifies deficiencies in our internal
controls over financial reporting that are deemed to be material weaknesses, the market price of our stock could decline, and we could
be subject to sanctions or investigations by the SEC or other regulatory authorities, which would require additional financial and management
resources. 

We have identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting. 

Management,
including our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial
reporting as of September 30, 2021 and concluded that we did not maintain effective internal control over financial reporting. Specifically,
management identified a material weakness over the impairment of goodwill, indefinite-lived intangibles and long-lived assets, specifically
over the precision of management s review of certain assumptions see Item 9A, Controls and Procedures, 
below. While certain actions have been taken to implement a remediation plan to address this material weakness and to enhance our internal
control over financial reporting, if this material weakness is not remediated, it could adversely affect our ability to report our financial
condition and results of operations in a timely and accurate manner, which could negatively affect investor confidence in our company,
and, as a result, the value of our common stock could be adversely affected. 

16 

We
may have uninsured risks in excess of our insurance coverage. 

We
maintain insurance in amounts we consider adequate for personal injury and property damage to which the business of the Company may be
subject. However, there can be no assurance that uninsured liabilities in excess of the coverage provided by insurance, which liabilities
may be imposed pursuant to the Texas dram shop statute or similar dram shop statutes or common law theories
of liability in other states where we operate or expand. For example, the Texas dram shop statute provides a person injured
by an intoxicated person the right to recover damages from an establishment that wrongfully served alcoholic beverages to such person
if it was apparent to the server that the individual being sold, served or provided with an alcoholic beverage was obviously intoxicated
to the extent that he presented a clear danger to himself and others. An employer is not liable for the actions of its employee who over-serves
if (i) the employer requires its employees to attend a seller training program approved by the TABC; (ii) the employee has actually attended
such a training program; and (iii) the employer has not directly or indirectly encouraged the employee to violate the law. It is our
policy to require that all servers of alcohol working at our clubs in Texas be certified as servers under a training program approved
by the TABC, which certification gives statutory immunity to the sellers of alcohol from damage caused to third parties by those who
have consumed alcoholic beverages at such establishment pursuant to the TABC. There can be no assurance, however, that uninsured liabilities
may not arise in the markets in which we operate which could have a material adverse effect on the Company. 

Our
previous liability insurer may be unable to provide coverage to us and our subsidiaries. 

As
previously reported, the Company and its subsidiaries were insured under a liability policy issued by Indemnity Insurance Corporation,
RRG IIC through October 25, 2013. The Company and its subsidiaries changed insurance companies on that date. 

On
November 7, 2013, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware entered a Rehabilitation and Injunction Order Rehabilitation
Order ), which declared IIC impaired, insolvent and in an unsafe condition and placed IIC under the supervision of the Insurance
Commissioner of the State of Delaware Commissioner in her capacity as receiver Receiver ). The Rehabilitation
Order empowered the Commissioner to rehabilitate IIC through a variety of means, including gathering assets and marshaling those assets,
as necessary. Further, the order stayed or abated pending lawsuits involving IIC as the insurer until May 6, 2014. 

On
April 10, 2014, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware entered a Liquidation and Injunction Order With Bar Date Liquidation
Order ), which ordered the liquidation of IIC and terminated all insurance policies or contracts of insurance issued by IIC. The
Liquidation Order further ordered that all claims against IIC must have been filed with the Receiver before the close of business on
January 16, 2015 and that all pending lawsuits involving IIC as the insurer were further stayed or abated until October 7, 2014. As a
result, the Company and its subsidiaries no longer had insurance coverage under the liability policy with IIC. The Company has retained
counsel to defend against and evaluate these claims and lawsuits. We are funding 100 of the costs of litigation and will seek reimbursement
from the bankruptcy receiver. The Company filed the appropriate claims against IIC with the Receiver before the January 16, 2015 deadline
and has provided updates as requested; however, there are no assurances of any recovery from these claims. It is unknown at this time
what effect this uncertainty will have on the Company. As previously stated, since October 25, 2013, the Company obtained general liability
coverage from other insurers, which have covered and/or will cover any claims arising from actions after that date. As of September 30,
2021, we had 2 remaining unresolved claims out of the original 71 claims. One of the two remaining claims was settled
in November 2021. 

The
protection provided by our service marks is limited. 

Our rights to the trade names RCI Hospitality
Holdings, Inc., Rick s, Rick s Cabaret, Tootsie s Cabaret, Club
Onyx, XTC Cabaret, Temptations, Jaguars, Downtown Cabaret, Cabaret
East, Bombshells Restaurant and Bar, Vee Lounge, Mile High Men s Club, Country
Rock Cabaret, PT s, and Diamond Cabaret are established under common law, based upon our substantial
and continuous use of these trade names in interstate commerce, some of which have been in use at least as early as 1987. We have registered
our service mark, RICK S AND STARS DESIGN, and the BOMBSHELLS RESTAURANT BAR logo design with
the United States Patent and Trademark Office. We have also obtained service mark registrations from the Patent and Trademark Office
for RICK S AND STARS DESIGN logo, RCI HOSPITALITY HOLDINGS, INC., RICK S, RICK S
CABARET, CLUB ONYX, XTC CABARET, SCARLETT S CABARET, SILVER CITY CABARET, 
 BOMBSHELLS RESTAURANT AND BAR, THE SEVILLE CLUB, DOWN IN TEXAS SALOON, CLUB DULCE, 
 THE BLACK ORCHID, HOOPS CABARET, VEE LOUNGE, STUDIO 80, FOXY S CABARET, 
 EXOTIC DANCER, TOYS FOR TATAS, and BOMBSHELLS OFFICER S CLUB are registered through service mark registrations
issued by the United States Patent and Trademark Office. As of this date, we have pending registration applications for the names TOOTSIES
CABARET, IN THE BIZ, JAGUARS , THE MANSION, and LA BOHEME GENTLEMAN S CLUB. 
We also own the rights to numerous trade names associated with our media division. There can be no assurance that these steps we have
taken to protect our service marks will be adequate to deter misappropriation of our protected intellectual property rights. Litigation
may be necessary in the future to protect our rights from infringement, which may be costly and time consuming. The loss of the intellectual
property rights owned or claimed by us could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

As a result of the acquisition that closed on
October 18, 2021, we obtained the rights to the following service mark registrations from the Patent and Trademark Office: MILE
HIGH MEN S CLUB, MHMC logo, AFTER DARK, COUNTRY ROCK CABARET, PT S, 
 DIAMOND CABARET, and NAUGHTY MOMMIES NIGHT OUT . 

17 

We
are dependent on key personnel. 

Our
future success is dependent, in a large part, on retaining the services of Eric Langan, our President and Chief Executive Officer, and
Bradley Chhay, our Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Langan possesses a unique and comprehensive knowledge of our industry. While Mr. Langan
has no present plans to leave or retire in the near future, his loss could have a negative effect on our operating, marketing and financial
performance if we are unable to find an adequate replacement with similar knowledge and experience within our industry. Mr. Chhay possesses
thorough familiarity with our accounting system and how it affects our operations. Mr. Chhay is also vital in our due diligence efforts
when acquiring clubs. We maintain key-man life insurance with respect to Mr. Langan but not for Mr. Chhay. Although Messrs. Langan and
Chhay have signed employment agreements with us (as described herein), there can be no assurance that Mr. Langan or Mr. Chhay will continue
to be employed by us. 

A
failure to maintain food safety throughout the supply chain and food-borne illness concerns may have an adverse effect on our business. 

Food
safety is a top priority, and we dedicate substantial resources to ensuring that our guests enjoy safe, quality food products. However,
food safety issues could be caused at the point of source or by food suppliers or distributors and, as a result, be out of our control.
In addition, regardless of the source or cause, any report of food-borne illnesses such as E. coli, hepatitis A, trichinosis or salmonella,
and other food safety issues including food tampering or contamination, at one of our restaurants or clubs could adversely affect the
reputation of our brands and have a negative impact on our sales. Even instances of food-borne illness, food tampering or food contamination
occurring solely at restaurants of our competitors could result in negative publicity about the food service industry generally and adversely
impact our sales. The occurrence of food-borne illnesses or food safety issues could also adversely affect the price and availability
of affected ingredients, resulting in higher costs and lower margins. 

Other
risk factors may adversely affect our financial performance. 

Other
risk factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements by affecting,
among many things, pricing, consumer spending and consumer confidence, include, without limitation, changes in economic conditions and
financial and credit markets, credit availability, increased fuel costs and availability for our employees, customers and suppliers,
health epidemics or pandemics or the prospects of these events (such as reports on avian flu or COVID-19), consumer perceptions
of food safety, changes in consumer tastes and behaviors, governmental monetary policies, changes in demographic trends, terrorist acts,
energy shortages and rolling blackouts, and weather (including, major hurricanes and regional snow storms) and other acts of God. 

We are also subject to the general risks of inflation,
increases in minimum wage, health care, and other benefits that may have a material adverse effect on our cost structure, and the disruption
in our supply chain caused by several factor, including the COVID-19 pandemic. 

Risk
related to our common stock 

We
must continue to meet NASDAQ Global Market Continued Listing Requirements, or we risk delisting. 

Our
securities are currently listed for trading on the NASDAQ Global Market. We must continue to satisfy NASDAQ s continued listing
requirements or risk delisting which would have an adverse effect on our business. If our securities are ever delisted from NASDAQ, they
may trade on the over-the-counter market, which may be a less liquid market. In such case, our shareholders ability to trade or
obtain quotations of the market value of shares of our common stock would be severely limited because of lower trading volumes and transaction
delays. These factors could contribute to lower prices and larger spreads in the bid and ask prices for our securities. 

We
may be subject to allegations, defamations, or other detrimental conduct by third parties, which could harm our reputation and cause
us to lose customers and/or contribute to a deflation of our stock price. 

We
have been subject to allegations by third parties or purported former employees, negative internet postings, and other adverse public
exposure on our business, operations and staff compensation. We may also become the target of defamations or other detrimental conduct
by third parties or disgruntled former or current employees. Such conduct may include complaints, anonymous or otherwise, to regulatory
agencies, media or other organizations. We may be subject to government or regulatory investigation or other proceedings as a result
of such third-party conduct and may be required to spend significant time and incur substantial costs to address such third-party conduct,
and there is no assurance that we will be able to conclusively refute each of the allegations within a reasonable period of time, or
at all. Any government or regulatory investigations initiated as a result of the above may cause a deflation in our stock price. Additionally,
allegations, directly or indirectly against us, may be posted on the internet, including social media platforms by anyone, whether or
not related to us, on an anonymous basis. Any negative publicity on us or our management can be quickly and widely disseminated. Social
media platforms and devices immediately publish the content of their subscribers and participants post, often without filters or checks
on accuracy of the content posted. Information posted may be inaccurate and adverse to us, and it may harm our reputation, business or
prospects. The harm may be immediate without affording us an opportunity for redress or correction. Our reputation may be negatively
affected as a result of the public dissemination of negative and potentially false information about our business and operations, which
in turn may cause us to lose customers. 

Our
quarterly operating results may fluctuate and could fall below the expectations of securities analysts and investors due to seasonality
and other factors, some of which are beyond our control, resulting in a decline in our stock price. 

Our
nightclub operations are affected by seasonal factors. Historically, we have experienced reduced revenues from April through September
with the strongest operating results occurring from October through March. As a result, our quarterly and annual operating results and
comparable restaurant sales may fluctuate significantly as a result of seasonality and the factors discussed above. Accordingly, results
for any one fiscal quarter are not necessarily indicative of results to be expected for any other fiscal quarter or for any fiscal year
and same-store sales for any particular future period may decrease. In the future, operating results may fall below the expectations
of securities analysts and investors. In that event, the price of our common stock would likely decrease. 

Anti-takeover
effects of the issuance of our preferred stock could adversely affect our common stock. 

Our
Board of Directors has the authority to issue up to 1,000,000 shares of preferred stock in one or more series, to fix the number of shares
constituting any such series, and to fix the rights and preferences of the shares constituting any series, without any further vote or
action by the stockholders. The issuance of preferred stock by the Board of Directors could adversely affect the rights of the holders
of our common stock. For example, such issuance could result in a class of securities outstanding that would have preferences with respect
to voting rights and dividends and in liquidation over the common stock, and could (upon conversion or otherwise) enjoy all of the rights
appurtenant to common stock. The Board s authority to issue preferred stock could discourage potential takeover attempts and could
delay or prevent a change in control of the Company through merger, tender offer, proxy contest or otherwise by making such attempts
more difficult to achieve or costlier. There are no issued and outstanding shares of preferred stock; there are no agreements or understandings
for the issuance of preferred stock; and the Board of Directors has no present intention to issue preferred stock. 

Future
sales or the perception of future sales of a substantial amount of our common stock may depress our stock price. 

The
market price of our common stock could decline as a result of sales of substantial amounts of our common stock in the public market,
or as a result of the perception that these sales could occur. In addition, these factors could make it more difficult for us to raise
funds through future offerings of common stock. 

18 

Our
stock price has been volatile and may fluctuate in the future. 

The
trading price of our securities may fluctuate significantly. This price may be influenced by many factors, including: 

our
 performance and prospects; 

the
 depth and liquidity of the market for our securities; 

investor
 perception of us and the industry in which we operate; 

changes
 in earnings estimates or buy/sell recommendations by analysts; 

general
 financial and other market conditions; and 

domestic
 economic conditions. 

Public
stock markets have experienced, and may experience, extreme price and trading volume volatility. These broad market fluctuations may
adversely affect the market price of our securities. 

Cumulative
voting is not available to our stockholders. 

Cumulative
voting in the election of Directors is expressly denied in our Articles of Incorporation. Accordingly, the holder or holders of a majority
of the outstanding shares of our common stock may elect all of our Directors. 

Our
directors and officers have limited liability and have rights to indemnification. 

Our
Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws provide, as permitted by governing Texas law, that our directors and officers shall not be personally
liable to us or any of our stockholders for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a director or officer, with certain exceptions.
The Articles further provide that we will indemnify our directors and officers against expenses and liabilities they incur to defend,
settle, or satisfy any civil litigation or criminal action brought against them on account of their being or having been its directors
or officers unless, in such action, they are adjudged to have acted with gross negligence or willful misconduct. 

The
inclusion of these provisions in the Articles may have the effect of reducing the likelihood of derivative litigation against directors
and officers and may discourage or deter stockholders or management from bringing a lawsuit against directors and officers for breach
of their duty of care, even though such an action, if successful, might otherwise have benefited us and our stockholders. 

The
Articles provide for the indemnification of our officers and directors, and the advancement to them of expenses in connection with any
proceedings and claims, to the fullest extent permitted by Texas law. The Articles include related provisions meant to facilitate the
indemnitee s receipt of such benefits. These provisions cover, among other things: (i) specification of the method of determining
entitlement to indemnification and the selection of independent counsel that will in some cases make such determination, (ii) specification
of certain time periods by which certain payments or determinations must be made and actions must be taken, and (iii) the establishment
of certain presumptions in favor of an indemnitee. 

Insofar
as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act may be permitted to our directors, officers and controlling persons
pursuant to the foregoing provisions, we have been advised that in the opinion of the Securities and Exchange Commission, such indemnification
is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and is therefore unenforceable. 

Item
1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 

None. 

Item
2. Properties . 

As
of September 30, 2021, we own 51 real estate properties. On 37 of these properties, we operate clubs or restaurants, including
those temporarily closed. We lease multiple other properties to third-party tenants. Four of our owned properties are in locations
where we previously operated clubs, but now lease the buildings to third parties. Ten are non-income-producing properties for
corporate use (including our corporate office) or future club or restaurant locations, or
may be offered for sale in the future. Eleven of our clubs and restaurants are in leased locations. 

Our principal corporate office is located at 10737
Cutten Road, Houston, Texas 77066, consisting of a 21,000-square foot corporate office and an 18,000-square foot warehouse facility.
In March 2021, we acquired approximately 57,000-square foot of land across the street from our corporate office. We plan to build
a warehouse on that land in the coming months. See Note 15 to our consolidated financial statements. 

19 

Below
is a list of locations we operated as of September 30, 2021: 

Name
 of Establishment 
 Fiscal
 Year Acquired/Opened 
 
 Club Onyx, Houston, TX 
 1995 
 
 Rick s Cabaret, Minneapolis, MN 
 1998 
 
 XTC Cabaret, Austin, TX 
 1998 
 
 XTC Cabaret, San Antonio, TX 
 1998 (2) 
 
 Rick s Cabaret, New York City, NY 
 2005 
 
 Club Onyx, Charlotte, NC 
 2005 (1) 
 
 Rick s Cabaret, San Antonio, TX 
 2006 
 
 XTC Cabaret, South Houston 
 2006 (1) 
 
 Rick s Cabaret, Fort Worth, TX 
 2007 
 
 Tootsie s Cabaret, Miami Gardens, FL 
 2008 
 
 XTC Cabaret, Dallas, TX 
 2008 
 
 Rick s Cabaret, Round Rock, TX 
 2009 
 
 Cabaret East, Fort Worth, TX 
 2010 
 
 Rick s Cabaret DFW, Fort Worth, TX 
 2011 
 
 Downtown Cabaret, Minneapolis, MN 
 2011 
 
 Temptations, Aledo, TX 
 2011 (1) 
 
 Silver City Cabaret, Dallas, TX 
 2012 
 
 Jaguars Club, Odessa, TX 
 2012 
 
 Jaguars Club, Phoenix, AZ 
 2012 
 
 Jaguars Club, Lubbock, TX 
 2012 
 
 Jaguars Club, Longview, TX 
 2012 
 
 Jaguars Club, Tye, TX 
 2012 
 
 Jaguars Club, Edinburg, TX 
 2012 
 
 Jaguars Club, El Paso, TX 
 2012 
 
 Jaguars Club, Harlingen, TX 
 2012 
 
 Studio 80, Fort Worth, TX 
 2013 (1) 
 
 Bombshells, Dallas, TX 
 2013 
 
 Temptations, Sulphur, LA 
 2013 (2) 
 
 Temptations, Beaumont, TX 
 2013 
 
 Vivid Cabaret, New York, NY 
 2014 (1) 
 
 Bombshells, Austin, TX 
 2014 (1) 
 
 Rick s Cabaret, Odessa, TX 
 2014 
 
 Bombshells, Spring, TX 
 2014 (1) 
 
 Bombshells Fuqua, Houston, TX 
 2014 (1) 
 
 Foxy s Cabaret, Austin TX 
 2015 
 
 The Seville, Minneapolis, MN 
 2015 
 
 Hoops Cabaret and Sports Bar, New York, NY 
 2016 (1) 
 
 Bombshells, Highway 290 Houston, TX 
 2017 (1) 
 
 Scarlett s Cabaret, Washington Park, IL 
 2017 
 
 Scarlett s Cabaret, Miami, FL 
 2017 (1) 
 
 Bombshells, Pearland, TX 
 2018 
 
 Kappa Men s Club, Kappa, IL 
 2018 
 
 Rick s Cabaret, Chicago, IL 
 2019 
 
 Rick s Cabaret, Pittsburgh, PA 
 2019 
 
 Bombshells I-10, Houston, TX 
 2019 
 
 Bombshells 249, Houston, TX 
 2019 
 
 Bombshells, Katy, TX 
 2020 
 
 Bombshells 59, Houston, TX 
 2020 

(1) 
 Leased
 location. 
 
 (2) 
 Currently closed. 

Our
property leases are typically for a fixed rental rate without revenue percentage rentals. The lease terms generally have initial terms
of 10 to 20 years with renewal terms of 5 to 20 years. At September 30, 2021, certain of our owned properties were collateral for mortgage
debt amounting to approximately 102.3 million. See related information in Notes 6, 9 and 19 to our consolidated financial statements. 

Item
3. Legal Proceedings. 

See
the Legal Matters section within Note 11 to our consolidated financial statements within this Annual Report on Form
10-K for the requirements of this Item, which section is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item
4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 

Not
applicable. 

20 

PART
II 

Item
5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 

Our
common stock is quoted on the NASDAQ Global Market under the symbol RICK. 

Holders 

On
December 10, 2021, the closing stock price for our common stock as reported by NASDAQ was 63.66, and there were 147
stockholders of record of our common stock (excluding broker held shares in street name ). Currently, we estimate that
there are approximately 9,300 stockholders having beneficial ownership in street name. 

Transfer
Agent and Registrar 

The
transfer agent and registrar for our common stock is Colonial Stock Transfer Company, Inc., 66 Exchange Place, 1st Floor, Salt Lake City,
Utah 84111. 

Dividend
Policy 

Prior
to 2016, we had not paid cash dividends on our common stock. Starting in March 2016, in conjunction with our share buyback program (see
discussion below), our Board of Directors has declared regular quarterly cash dividends of 0.03 per share, except for the fourth quarter
of fiscal 2019, the second and fourth quarters of fiscal 2020, and all four quarters of fiscal 2021 when we paid 0.04 per share. During
fiscal 2021, 2020, and 2019, we paid cash dividends totaling 1.4 million, 1.3 million, and 1.3 million, respectively. 

In connection with the September 2021 Refinancing
Note (see Note 9 to our consolidated financial statements), we have agreed to not pay out any dividends or distributions; provided that,
we are permitted to continue to pay our quarterly dividend in the amount of 0.04 per share per quarter 0.16 per year) unless the debt
service coverage in connection with the loan falls below 1.4x for three consecutive quarters, in which event such quarterly dividend
must be suspended until such time as the 1.4x debt service coverage is achieved. 

Purchases
of Equity Securities by the Issuer 

During
the three months ended September 30, 2021, we did not repurchase any shares of our common stock. 

21 

Equity
Compensation Plan Information 

None. 

Stock
Performance Graph 

The
following chart compares the 5-year cumulative total stock performance of our common stock; the NASDAQ Composite Index (IXIC); the Russell
2000 Index (RUT); and the Dow Jones U.S. Restaurant Bar Index (DJUSRU), our peer index. The graph assumes a hypothetical investment
of 100 on September 30, 2016 in each of our common stock and each of the indices, and that all dividends were reinvested. The measurement
points utilized in the graph consist of the last trading day as of September 30 each year, representing the last day of our fiscal year.
The calculations exclude trading commissions and taxes. We have selected the Dow Jones U.S. Restaurant Bar Index as our peer index
since it represents a broader group of restaurant and bar operators that are more aligned to our core business operations. RICK is a
component of the NASDAQ Composite Index and the Russell 2000 Index. The historical stock performance presented below is not intended
to and may not be indicative of future stock performance. 

9/30/2016 
 9/30/2017 
 9/30/2018 
 9/30/2019 
 9/30/2020 
 9/30/2021 
 
 RCI Hospitality Holdings, Inc. 
 100.00 
 215.03 
 255.84 
 178.60 
 176.60 
 593.72 
 
 NASDAQ Composite Index 
 100.00 
 122.29 
 151.47 
 150.59 
 210.23 
 272.00 
 
 Dow Jones U.S. Restaurant Bar Index 
 100.00 
 115.78 
 130.42 
 170.09 
 172.30 
 211.21 
 
 Russell 2000 Index 
 100.00 
 119.11 
 135.55 
 121.71 
 120.46 
 176.12 

22 

Item
6. [Reserved] 

23 

Item
7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

OVERVIEW 

The
following Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations MD A is intended
to help the reader understand RCI Hospitality Holdings, Inc., our operations and our present business environment. MD A is provided
as a supplement to, and should be read in conjunction with, our consolidated financial statements and the accompanying notes thereto
contained in Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this report. This overview summarizes the MD A,
which includes the following sections: 

Our
 Business a general description of our business and the adult nightclub industry, our objective, our strategic priorities,
 our core capabilities, and challenges and risks of our business. 

Critical
 Accounting Policies and Estimates a discussion of accounting policies that require critical judgments and estimates. 

Operations
 Review an analysis of our Company s consolidated results of operations for the three years presented in our consolidated
 financial statements. 

Liquidity
 and Capital Resources an analysis of cash flows, aggregate contractual obligations, and an overview of financial position. 

Ongoing
Impact of COVID-19 Pandemic 

Since
the U.S. declaration of COVID-19 as a pandemic in March 2020, we have had a major disruption in our business operations that threatened
to significantly impact our cash flow. The declaration resulted in a significant reduction in customer traffic in our clubs and restaurants
due to changes in consumer behavior as social distancing practices, dining room closures, and other restrictions that were mandated
or encouraged by federal, state, and local governments. To adapt to the situation, we took significant steps to augment an anticipated
decline in operating cash flows, including negotiating deferment of some of our debts, reducing the number of our employees and related
payroll costs where necessary, and deferring or modifying certain fixed and variable monthly expenses, among others. 

The
temporary closure of our clubs and restaurants caused by the COVID-19 pandemic presented operational challenges. Our strategy is to open
locations and operate in accordance with local and state guidelines. We believe that we can borrow capital if needed but currently
we do not have unused credit facilities so there can be no guarantee that additional liquidity will be readily available or available
on favorable terms, especially the longer the COVID-19 pandemic lasts. 

Compared
to fiscal 2020, which showed a significant impact of the pandemic in terms of revenues and bottom line, in fiscal 2021 our operations
exhibited tremendous recovery. Revenues were up by 47.6 from prior year and up by 7.8 from pre-pandemic fiscal 2019. Net income increased
by 47.5 from fiscal 2019 (fiscal 2020 had a net loss) and free cash flow increased by 167.7 from fiscal 2020 and by 8.3 from
fiscal 2019. 

As
of the release of this report, we do not know the future extent and duration of the impact of COVID-19 on our businesses. Closures and
operating restrictions, as caused by local, state, and national guidelines, could lead to adverse financial results. However, we will
continually monitor and evaluate the situation and will determine any further measures to be instituted. 

OUR
BUSINESS 

The
following are our operating segments: 

Nightclubs 
 Our
 wholly-owned subsidiaries own and/or operate upscale adult nightclubs serving primarily businessmen and professionals. These
 nightclubs are in Houston, Austin, San Antonio, Dallas, Fort Worth, Beaumont, Longview, Harlingen, Edinburg, Tye, Lubbock, Aledo,
 Round Rock, El Paso and Odessa, Texas; Charlotte, North Carolina; Minneapolis, Minnesota; New York, New York; Miami Gardens and
 Pembroke Park, Florida; Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania; Phoenix, Arizona; and Washington Park, Kappa and Chicago, Illinois. No sexual
 contact is permitted at any of our locations. We also own and operate a Studio 80 dance club in Fort Worth, Texas. We also own and
 lease to third parties real properties that are adjacent to (or used to be locations of) our clubs. 

In relation to acquisitions that closed in October and November 2021,
we now have club locations in Denver, Colorado; Louisville, Kentucky; Raleigh, North Carolina; Portland, Maine; Indianapolis, Indiana;
Sauget, Illinois; and Newburgh, New York. 

Bombshells 
 Our
 wholly-owned subsidiaries own and operate restaurants and sports bars in Houston, Dallas, Austin, Spring, Pearland, Tomball
 and Katy, Texas under the brand name Bombshells Restaurant Bar. 

Other
 
 Our
 wholly-owned subsidiaries own a media division Media Group ), including the leading trade magazine serving the multibillion-dollar
 adult nightclubs industry and the adult retail products industry. We also own an industry trade show, an industry trade publication
 and more than a dozen industry and social media websites. Included here is Drink Robust, which is licensed to sell Robust Energy
 Drink in the United States. 

Our
revenues are derived from the sale of liquor, beer, wine, food, merchandise; service revenues such as cover charges, membership fees,
and facility use fees; and other revenues such as commissions from vending and ATM machines, real estate rental, valet parking, and other
products and services for both nightclub and restaurant/sports bar operations. Other revenues include Media Group revenues for the sale
of advertising content and revenues from our annual Expo convention, and Drink Robust sales. Our fiscal year-end is September 30. 

24 

Same-Store
Sales. We calculate same-store sales by comparing year-over-year revenues from nightclubs and restaurants/sports bars starting in
the first full quarter of operations after at least 12 full months for Nightclubs and at least 18 full months for Bombshells. We consider
the first six months of operations of a Bombshells unit to be the honeymoon period where sales are significantly higher
than normal. We exclude from a particular month s calculation units previously included in the same-store sales base that have
closed temporarily for more than 15 days until its next full month of operations. We also exclude from the same-store sales base units
that are being reconcepted or are closed due to renovations or remodels. Acquired units are included in the same-store sales calculation
as long as they qualify based on the definitions stated above. Revenues outside of our Nightclubs and Bombshells reportable segments 
core business are excluded from same-store sales calculation. 

Adjusted
Same-Store Sales. Due to the disruption created by the COVID-19 pandemic and in an effort to minimize the complexity in the calculation
of same-store sales caused by closing and opening again our locations, we are presenting two alternative same-store sales results calculated
with and without the impact of closures caused by state and local government mandates. In the alternative calculation, a comparable location
will remain in the same-store sales base regardless of closing and reopening due to COVID-19 restrictions. 

Our
goal is to use our Company s assets our brands, financial strength, and the talent and strong commitment of our management
and employees to become more competitive and to accelerate growth. 

CRITICAL
ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES 

Management s
discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations are based upon our financial statements, which have been prepared
in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States GAAP ). The preparation of these consolidated
financial statements requires our management to make assumptions and estimates about future events and apply judgments that affect the
reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. These estimates
are based on management s historical and industry experience and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable
under the circumstances. On a regular basis, we evaluate these accounting policies, assumptions, estimates and judgments to ensure that
our financial statements are presented fairly and in accordance with GAAP. However, because future events and their effects cannot be
determined with certainty, actual results may differ from our estimates, and such differences could be material. 

A
full discussion of our significant accounting policies is contained in Note 2 to our consolidated financial statements, which is included
in Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this report. We believe that the following accounting
estimates are the most critical to aid in fully understanding and evaluating our financial results. These estimates require our most
difficult, subjective or complex judgments because they relate to matters that are inherently uncertain. We have reviewed these critical
accounting policies and estimates and related disclosures with our Audit Committee. 

Long-Lived
Assets 

We
review long-lived assets, such as property and equipment, and intangible assets subject to amortization, for impairment whenever events
or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset or asset group may not be recoverable. These events or changes
in circumstances include, but are not limited to, significant underperformance relative to historical or projected future operating results,
significant changes in the manner of use of the acquired assets or the strategy for the overall business, and significant negative industry
or economic trends. Recoverability of assets to be held and used is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of the asset group
to the estimated undiscounted cash flows over the estimated remaining useful life of the primary asset included in the asset group. If
the asset group is not recoverable, the impairment loss is calculated as the excess of the carrying value over the fair value. We define
our asset group as an operating club or restaurant location, which is also our reporting unit or the lowest level for which cash flows
can be identified. Key estimates in the undiscounted cash flow model include management s estimate of the projected revenues and
operating margins. If fair value is used to determine an impairment loss, an additional key assumption is the selection of a weighted-average
cost of capital to discount cash flows. Assets to be disposed of are separately presented in the balance sheet and reported at the lower
of the carrying amount or fair value less costs to sell and are no longer depreciated. During the second quarter of 2021, we impaired
one property that was reclassified to assets held for sale for 1.4 million, and during the fourth quarter of 2021, we impaired four
clubs for 584,000. During the second quarter of 2020, we impaired one club and one Bombshells unit for a total
of 302,000, and during the third quarter of 2020, we impaired one club for its operating lease right-of-use asset for 104,000. During
the fourth quarter of 2019, we impaired two clubs for a total of 4.2 million. 

Goodwill
and Other Intangible Assets 

Goodwill
and other intangible assets that have indefinite useful lives are tested annually for impairment during our fourth fiscal quarter and
are tested for impairment more frequently if events and circumstances indicate that the asset might be impaired. 

25 

Our
impairment calculations require management to make assumptions and to apply judgment in order to estimate fair values. If our actual
results are not consistent with our estimates and assumptions, we may be exposed to impairments that could be material. We do not believe
that there is a reasonable likelihood that there will be a change in the estimates or assumptions we used that could cause a material
change in our calculated impairment charges. 

For
our goodwill impairment review, we have the option to first perform a qualitative assessment to determine if it is more likely than not
that the fair value of the reporting unit is less than its carrying value. This assessment is based on several factors, including industry
and market conditions, overall financial performance, including an assessment of cash flows in comparison to actual and projected results
of prior periods. If it is determined that it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying
value based on our qualitative analysis, or if we elect to skip this step, we perform a Step 1 quantitative analysis to determine the
fair value of the reporting unit. The fair value is determined using market-related valuation models, including discounted
cash flows and comparable asset market values. Key estimates in the discounted cash flow model include management s estimate of
the projected revenues and operating margins, along with the selection of a weighted-average cost of capital to discount cash flows.
We recognize goodwill impairment in the amount that the carrying value of the reporting unit exceeds the fair value of the reporting
unit, not to exceed the amount of goodwill allocated to the reporting unit, based on the results of our Step 1 analysis. For the year
ended September 30, 2021, we identified seven reporting units that were impaired and recognized a goodwill impairment loss totaling
 6.3 million. For the year ended September 30, 2020, we identified seven reporting units that were impaired and recognized a goodwill
impairment loss totaling 7.9 million. For the year ended September 30, 2019, we identified four reporting units that were impaired and
recognized a goodwill impairment loss totaling 1.6 million. 

For
indefinite-lived intangibles, specifically SOB licenses, we determine fair value by estimating the multiperiod excess earnings of the
asset with key assumptions being similar to those used in the goodwill impairment valuation model. For indefinite-lived tradename, we
determine fair value by using the relief from royalty method. The fair value is then compared to the carrying value and an impairment
charge is recognized by the amount by which the carrying amount exceeds the fair value of the asset. We recorded impairment charges for
SOB licenses amounting to 5.3 million in 2021 related to three clubs, 2.3 million in 2020 related to two clubs, and 178,000
in 2019 related to one club. 

Income
Taxes 

We
estimate certain components of our provision for income taxes including the recoverability of deferred tax assets that arise from temporary
differences between the tax and book carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. These estimates
include depreciation and amortization expense allowable for tax purposes, allowable tax credits for items such as taxes paid on employee
tip income, effective rates for state and local income taxes, and the deductibility of certain other items, among others. We adjust our
annual effective income tax rate as additional information on outcomes or events becomes available. When necessary, we record a valuation
allowance to reduce deferred tax assets to a balance that is more likely than not to be realized. 

Legal
and Other Contingencies 

As
mentioned in Item 3 Legal Proceedings and in a more detailed discussion in Note 11 to our consolidated financial
statements, we are involved in various suits and claims in the normal course of business. We record a liability when it is probable that
a loss has been incurred and the amount is reasonably estimable. There is significant judgment required in both the probability determination
and as to whether an exposure can be reasonably estimated. In the opinion of management, there was not at least a reasonable possibility
that we may have incurred a material loss, or a material loss in excess of a recorded accrual, with respect to loss contingencies for
asserted legal and other claims. However, the outcome of legal proceedings and claims brought against the Company is subject to significant
uncertainty. Therefore, although management considers the likelihood of such an outcome to be remote, if one or more of these legal matters
were resolved against the Company in a reporting period for amounts in excess of management s expectations, the Company s
consolidated financial statements for that reporting period could be materially adversely affected. In matters where there is insurance
coverage, in the event we incur any liability, we believe it is unlikely we would incur losses in connection with these claims in excess
of our insurance coverage. 

26 

OPERATIONS
REVIEW 

Highlights
of operations from fiscal 2021, 2020, and 2019 are as follows (in thousands, except percentages and per share amounts): 

2021 
 Inc (Dec) 
 2020 
 Inc (Dec) 
 2019 

Revenues 

Consolidated 
 195,258 
 47.6 
 132,327 
 (26.9 
 181,059 
 
 Nightclubs 
 137,348 
 55.4 
 88,373 
 (40.5 
 148,606 
 
 Bombshells 
 56,621 
 31.0 
 43,215 
 40.2 
 30,828 

Same-store sales 

Consolidated 
 
 1.5 
 
 (4.4 

Nightclubs 
 
 (2.1 
 
 (9.0 

Bombshells 
 
 7.7 
 
 18.3 

Income from operations 

Consolidated 
 38,548 
 1,303.8 
 2,746 
 (92.1 
 34,701 
 
 Nightclubs 
 43,815 
 235.6 
 13,056 
 (74.3 
 50,724 
 
 Bombshells 
 13,264 
 43.6 
 9,237 
 300.4 
 2,307 

Diluted earnings (loss) per share 
 3.37 
 
 (0.66 
 
 2.10 

Net cash provided by operating activities 
 41,991 
 168.6 
 15,632 
 (57.9 
 37,174 

Free cash flow 
 36,084 
 167.7 
 13,481 
 (59.5 
 33,316 

Reconciliation
 and discussion of non-GAAP financial measures are included under the Non-GAAP Financial Measures section of this Item.
 These measures should be considered in addition to, rather than as a substitute for, U.S. GAAP measures. 

The
following common size tables present a comparison of our results of operations as a percentage of total revenues for the three most recently
completed fiscal years: 

2021 
 2020 
 2019 
 
 Revenues 

Sales of alcoholic beverages 
 44.4 
 44.6 
 41.5 
 
 Sales of food and merchandise 
 21.1 
 18.5 
 14.3 
 
 Service revenues 
 28.4 
 31.1 
 37.6 
 
 Other 
 6.1 
 5.8 
 6.6 
 
 Total revenues 
 100.0 
 100.0 
 100.0 
 
 Cost of goods sold 

Alcoholic beverages 
 18.3 
 18.8 
 20.4 
 
 Food and merchandise 
 33.6 
 33.0 
 35.1 
 
 Service and other 
 0.6 
 0.5 
 0.7 
 
 Total cost of goods sold (exclusive of items shown separately below) 
 15.4 
 14.7 
 13.8 
 
 Salaries and wages 
 25.9 
 29.5 
 27.5 
 
 Selling, general and administrative 
 28.0 
 39.1 
 33.1 
 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 4.2 
 6.7 
 5.0 
 
 Other charges, net 
 6.8 
 8.0 
 1.4 
 
 Total operating expenses 
 80.3 
 97.9 
 80.8 
 
 Income from operations 
 19.7 
 2.1 
 19.2 
 
 Other income (expenses) 

Interest expense 
 (5.1 
 (7.4 
 (5.6 
 
 Interest income 
 0.1 
 0.2 
 0.2 
 
 Non-operating gains (losses), net 
 2.7 
 (0.0 
 (0.3 
 
 Income (loss) before income taxes 
 17.5 
 (5.1 
 13.4 
 
 Income tax expense (benefit) 
 2.0 
 (0.4 
 2.1 
 
 Net income (loss) 
 15.4 
 (4.8 
 11.3 

Percentages
 may not foot due to rounding. Percentage of revenue for individual cost of goods sold items pertains to their respective revenue
 line. 

27 

Below
is a table presenting the changes in each line item of the income statement for the last three fiscal years (dollar amounts in thousands) 

Better
 (Worse) 

2021
 vs. 2020 
 2020
 vs. 2019 

Amount 
 
 Amount 

Sales of alcoholic beverages 
 27,605 
 46.7 
 (16,060 
 (21.4 
 
 Sales of food and merchandise 
 16,651 
 68.1 
 (1,370 
 (5.3 
 
 Service revenues 
 14,299 
 34.7 
 (26,893 
 (39.5 
 
 Other 
 4,376 
 57.4 
 (4,409 
 (36.6 
 
 Total revenues 
 62,931 
 47.6 
 (48,732 
 (26.9 

Cost of goods sold 

Alcoholic beverages 
 (4,786 
 (43.1 
 4,206 
 27.5 
 
 Food and merchandise 
 (5,653 
 (69.4 
 915 
 10.1 
 
 Service and other 
 (177 
 (89.8 
 381 
 65.9 
 
 Total cost of goods sold (exclusive of items shown separately below) 
 (10,616 
 (54.6 
 5,502 
 22.1 
 
 Salaries and wages 
 (11,557 
 (29.6 
 10,763 
 21.6 
 
 Selling, general and administrative 
 (2,916 
 (5.6 
 8,204 
 13.7 
 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 598 
 6.8 
 236 
 2.6 
 
 Other charges, net 
 (2,638 
 (25.0 
 (7,928 
 (302.6 
 
 Total operating expenses 
 (27,129 
 (20.9 
 16,777 
 11.5 
 
 Income from operations 
 35,802 
 1,303.8 
 (31,955 
 (92.1 
 
 Other income/expenses 

Interest expense 
 (181 
 (1.8 
 398 
 3.9 
 
 Interest income 
 (71 
 (21.9 
 (15 
 (4.9 
 
 Non-operating gains (losses), net 
 5,394 
 
 548 
 89.5 
 
 Income/loss before income taxes 
 40,944 
 601.7 
 (30,994 
 (128.1 
 
 Income tax expense/benefit 
 (4,482 
 
 4,237 
 113.2 
 
 Net income/loss 
 36,462 
 
 (26,757 
 (130.9 

Not meaningful. 

Revenues 

Overall, our consolidated revenues trended significantly
better in fiscal 2021 compared to the more pandemic impacted fiscal 2020 with a 47.6 increase. But even though 2021 was still affected
by the pandemic, revenues grew 7.8 compared to pre-pandemic fiscal 2019. Excluding COVID-19 impact, consolidated same-store sales increase
in 2021 was 1.5 . Including the impact of COVID-19 on comparable units (see definition of Adjusted Same-Store Sales on page 25), adjusted
same-store sales in 2021 would be an increase of 48.7 . Consolidated revenues decreased by 48.7 million, or 26.9 , from 2019
to 2020. The decrease from 2019 to 2020 was mainly caused by significantly
lower traffic due to the COVID-19 restrictions. Excluding COVID-19 impact, consolidated same-store sales decrease in 2020 was 4.4 . Including
the impact of COVID-19 on comparable units, adjusted same-store sales in 2020 would be a decrease of 34.7 . 

28 

Segment
contribution to total revenues was as follows (in thousands): 

2021 
 2020 
 2019 
 
 Nightclubs 

Sales of alcoholic beverages 
 54,305 
 31,950 
 57,277 
 
 Sales of food and merchandise 
 17,221 
 8,561 
 13,051 
 
 Service revenues 
 55,146 
 41,004 
 67,893 
 
 Other revenues 
 10,676 
 6,858 
 10,385 

137,348 
 88,373 
 148,606 
 
 Bombshells 

Sales of alcoholic beverages 
 32,380 
 27,130 
 17,863 
 
 Sales of food and merchandise 
 23,890 
 15,899 
 12,779 
 
 Service revenues 
 315 
 158 
 162 
 
 Other revenues 
 36 
 28 
 24 

56,621 
 43,215 
 30,828 
 
 Other 

Other revenues 
 1,289 
 739 
 1,625 

195,258 
 132,327 
 181,059 

Nightclubs
segment revenues. Nightclubs revenues increased by 55.4 from 2020 to 2021 and decreased by 40.5 from 2019 to 2020. A breakdown
of the changes compared to total change in Nightclubs revenues is as follows: 

2021
 vs. 2020 
 2020
 vs. 2019 
 
 Impact of 2.1 and 9.0 decrease in same-store sales, respectively, to total revenues (excluding COVID-19 impact) 
 (1.2 
 (4.9 
 
 Newly acquired and reconcepted units 
 - 
 0.9 
 
 Closed units (including COVID-19 impact) 
 56.4 
 (36.3 
 
 Other 
 0.2 
 (0.2 

55.4 
 (40.5 

Including
the impact of COVID-19 on comparable Nightclubs locations (see Adjusted Same-Store Sales on page 25), the breakdown would have
been: 

2021
 vs. 2020 
 2020
 vs. 2019 
 
 Impact of 59.2 increase and 41.7 decrease in same-store sales, respectively, to
 total revenues (including COVID-19 impact) 
 56.9 
 (40.3 
 
 Newly acquired and reconcepted units 
 - 
 0.9 
 
 Closed units (excluding COVID-19 impact) 
 (1.8 
 (0.9 
 
 Other 
 0.2 
 (0.2 

55.4 
 (40.5 

By
type of revenue line item, changes in Nightclubs segment revenue dollars are broken down as: 

2021
 vs. 2020 
 2020
 vs. 2019 
 
 Sales of alcoholic beverages 
 70.0 
 (44.2 
 
 Sales of food and merchandise 
 101.2 
 (34.4 
 
 Service revenues 
 34.5 
 (39.6 
 
 Other 
 55.7 
 (34.0 

Nightclubs
segment sales mix did not change much through the three fiscal years: 

2021 
 2020 
 2019 
 
 Sales of alcoholic beverages 
 39.5 
 36.2 
 38.5 
 
 Sales of food and merchandise 
 12.5 
 9.7 
 8.8 
 
 Service revenues 
 40.2 
 46.4 
 45.7 
 
 Other 
 7.8 
 7.7 
 7.0 

100.0 
 100.0 
 100.0 

Included
in the 2019 new units are Rick s Cabaret Chicago and Rick s Cabaret Pittsburgh, which were acquired in November 2018 (see
Note 15 to our consolidated financial statements) and contributed 5.0 million and 4.6 million in revenues for 2019 since acquisition
date. No new clubs were acquired or constructed in 2020 and 2021. 

Included
in other revenues of the Nightclubs segment is real estate rental revenue amounting to 1.5 million in 2021, 1.3 million in 2020, and
 1.7 million in 2019. 

29 

Bombshells
segment revenues. Bombshells revenues increased by 31.0 from 2020 to 2021 and by 40.2 from 2019 to 2020. A breakdown of the changes
compared to total changes in Bombshells revenues is as follows: 

2021
 vs. 2020 
 2020
 vs. 2019 
 
 Impact of 7.7 and 18.3 increase in same-store sales, respectively, to total revenues (excluding COVID-19 impact) 
 5.2 
 9.7 
 
 New units 
 9.6 
 35.0 
 
 Closed units (including COVID-19 impact) 
 16.2 
 (4.5 

31.0 
 40.2 

Including
the impact of COVID-19 on comparable Bombshells locations (see Adjusted Same-Store Sales on page 25), the breakdown would have
been: 

2021
 vs. 2020 
 2020
 vs. 2019 
 
 Impact of 24.8 and 6.5 increase in same-store sales, respectively, to total revenues (including COVID-19 impact) 
 21.4 
 5.1 
 
 New units 
 9.6 
 35.0 
 
 Closed units (excluding COVID-19 impact) 
 - 
 0.1 

31.0 
 40.2 

By
type of revenue line item, changes in Bombshells segment revenues are broken down as: 

2021
 vs. 2020 
 2020
 vs. 2019 
 
 Sales of alcoholic beverages 
 19.4 
 51.9 
 
 Sales of food and merchandise 
 50.3 
 24.4 
 
 Service and other revenues 
 88.7 
 0.0 

Bombshells
segment sales mix for the three fiscal years is as follows: 

2021 
 2020 
 2019 
 
 Sales of alcoholic beverages 
 57.2 
 62.8 
 57.9 
 
 Sales of food and merchandise 
 42.2 
 36.8 
 41.5 
 
 Service and other revenues 
 0.6 
 0.4 
 0.6 

100.0 
 100.0 
 100.0 

Bombshells
I-10 was opened in the first quarter of 2019, while Bombshells 249 was opened in the second quarter of 2019. Bombshells Katy was opened
in the first quarter of 2020, while Bombshells 59 was opened in the second quarter of 2020. No new Bombshells location was opened in
2021. 

Other
segment revenues. Other revenues included revenues from Drink Robust in all three fiscal years presented. Drink Robust sales were
 249,000, 150,000, and 231,000 in fiscal 2021, 2020, and 2019, respectively, which excludes intercompany sales to Nightclubs and Bombshells
units amounting to 141,000, 70,000, and 140,000 in fiscal 2021, 2020, and 2019, respectively. Media business revenues were 1.0 million,
 589,000, and 1.4 million in fiscal 2021, 2020, and 2019, respectively. Due to the COVID-19 pandemic, the 2020 ED EXPO that was supposed
to be held in August 2020 (fiscal 2020) was canceled. All unearned sponsorship and advertising revenues related to the event were either
further deferred or refunded and no revenue was recognized. 

Operating
Expenses 

Total
operating expenses, as a percent of consolidated revenues, were 80.3 , 97.9 , and 80.8 for the fiscal year 2021, 2020, and 2019,
respectively. Significant contributors to the change in operating expenses as a percent of revenues are explained below. 

Cost
of goods sold includes cost of alcoholic and non-alcoholic beverages, food, cigars and cigarettes, merchandise, media printing/binding,
and Drink Robust. As a percentage of consolidated revenues, consolidated cost of goods sold was 15.4 , 14.7 , and 13.8 for fiscal 2021,
2020, and 2019, respectively. See above for breakdown of percentages for each line item of consolidated cost of goods sold as it relates
to the respective consolidated revenue line. For the Nightclubs segment, cost of goods sold was 11.8 , 10.7 , and 11.2 for fiscal 2021,
2020, and 2019, respectively, which was primarily caused by shifts in sales mix. Bombshells cost of goods sold was 23.8 , 22.6 ,
and 25.3 for fiscal 2021, 2020, and 2019, respectively, which was mainly driven by the shift in sales mix to lower-margin food sales
in 2021, to higher-margin alcoholic beverage sales in 2020, and from food cost inflation in 2019. 

30 

Consolidated salaries and wages increased by 11.6
million, or 29.6 , from 2020 to 2021 and decreased by 10.8 million, or 21.6 , from 2019 to 2020. The dollar decrease from
2019 to 2020 was mainly from furloughed employees due to COVID-19, which increased back in 2021 due to hiring and rehiring after
easing restrictions. As a percentage of revenues, consolidated salaries and wages were 25.9 , 29.5 , and 27.5 in 2021, 2020, and 2019,
respectively, mainly due to sales trend and the impact of fixed salaries on lower sales. Corporate salary pay cuts made in 2020 during
the height of the pandemic restrictions were paid back in 2021. 

By
reportable segment, salaries and wages are broken down as follows (in thousands): 

2021 
 2020 
 2019 
 
 Nightclubs 
 26,986 
 19,590 
 32,267 
 
 Bombshells 
 13,041 
 10,427 
 8,887 
 
 Other 
 582 
 491 
 617 
 
 General corporate 
 10,018 
 8,562 
 8,062 

50,627 
 39,070 
 49,833 

Unit-level
manager payroll is included in salaries and wages of each location, while payroll for regional manager and above are included in general
corporate. 

The
components of consolidated selling, general and administrative expenses are in the tables below (dollars in thousands): 

Years
 Ended September 30, 
 Percentage
 of Revenues 

2021 
 2020 
 2019 
 2021 
 2020 
 2019 
 
 Taxes and permits 
 8,701 
 8,071 
 10,779 
 4.5 
 6.1 
 6.0 
 
 Advertising and marketing 
 6,676 
 5,367 
 8,392 
 3.4 
 4.1 
 4.6 
 
 Supplies and services 
 6,190 
 4,711 
 5,911 
 3.2 
 3.6 
 3.3 
 
 Insurance 
 5,676 
 5,777 
 5,429 
 2.9 
 4.4 
 3.0 
 
 Lease 
 3,942 
 4,060 
 3,896 
 2.0 
 3.1 
 2.2 
 
 Legal 
 3,997 
 4,725 
 5,180 
 2.0 
 3.6 
 2.9 
 
 Utilities 
 3,366 
 2,945 
 3,165 
 1.7 
 2.2 
 1.7 
 
 Charge card fees 
 3,376 
 2,382 
 3,803 
 1.7 
 1.8 
 2.1 
 
 Security 
 3,892 
 2,582 
 2,973 
 2.0 
 2.0 
 1.6 
 
 Accounting and professional fees 
 2,031 
 3,463 
 2,815 
 1.0 
 2.6 
 1.6 
 
 Repairs and maintenance 
 2,767 
 2,289 
 2,980 
 1.4 
 1.7 
 1.6 
 
 Other 
 3,994 
 5,320 
 4,573 
 2.0 
 4.0 
 2.5 

54,608 
 51,692 
 59,896 
 28.0 
 39.1 
 33.1 

By
reportable segment, selling, general and administrative expenses are broken down as follows (in thousands): 

2021 
 2020 
 2019 
 
 Nightclubs 
 32,725 
 30,105 
 40,033 
 
 Bombshells 
 14,883 
 11,735 
 10,441 
 
 Other 
 237 
 268 
 356 
 
 General corporate 
 6,763 
 9,584 
 9,066 

54,608 
 51,692 
 59,896 

31 

The
significant variances in selling, general and administrative expenses are as follows: 

In
light of decreased sales activity caused by the COVID-19 pandemic from 2019 to 2020, most of our selling, general and administrative
expenses for 2020 decreased, except for relatively fixed expenses such as insurance, rent, and accounting and professional fees. As a
percentage of revenues, relatively fixed expenses increased in rate due to lower sales, while more discretionary/controllable expenses
such as advertising and marketing were kept to a minimum. Conversely, due to the increase in revenues in 2021 from 2020, almost all selling,
general and administrative expenses consequently increased except accounting and professional fees, insurance, leases, and legal. Accounting
and legal fees primarily decreased from prior year s SEC matters; lease expense decreased due to lease credits we received from
certain landlords; while insurance decreased due to credits given by insurers for unused coverage due to COVID-19 closures in 2020. 

Depreciation
and amortization decreased by 598,000, or 6.8 , from 2020 to 2021 and by 236,000, or 2.6 , from 2019 to 2020. The decrease from 2019
to 2020 was mainly due to properties sold or disposed during the current and prior year, while the decrease from 2020 to 2021 was mainly
from significantly low capital expenditure in 2020. 

The
components of other charges, net are in the table below (dollars in thousands): 

Years
 Ended September 30, 
 Percentage
 of Revenues 

2021 
 2020 
 2019 
 2021 
 2020 
 2019 
 
 Impairment of assets 
 13,612 
 10,615 
 6,040 
 7.0 
 8.0 
 3.3 
 
 Settlement of lawsuits 
 1,349 
 174 
 225 
 0.7 
 0.1 
 0.1 
 
 Gain on sale of businesses and assets 
 (522 
 (661 
 (2,877 
 (0.3 
 (0.5 
 (1.6 
 
 Loss (gain) on insurance 
 (1,253 
 420 
 (768 
 (0.6 
 0.3 
 (0.4 
 
 Total other charges, net 
 13,186 
 10,548 
 2,620 
 6.8 
 8.0 
 1.4 

The
significant variances in other charges, net are discussed below: 

During 2021, we recorded aggregate impairment charges
amounting to 13.6 million related to goodwill of seven clubs 6.3 million), SOB licenses of three clubs 5.3 million),
and property and equipment of five clubs, one of which is held for sale 2.0 million). During 2020, we recorded aggregate
impairment charges amounting to 10.6 million related to goodwill of seven clubs 7.9 million), SOB licenses of two clubs 2.3 million),
and 406,000 of long-lived assets of one club and one Bombshells restaurant (including impairment on operating lease right-of-use assets
of 104,000). During 2019, we recorded aggregate impairment charges amounting to 6.0 million related to goodwill of four clubs 1.6
million), SOB license of one club 178,000), and property and equipment of two clubs 4.2 million). See Notes 2 and 15 to our consolidated
financial statements. 

In
2021, we settled a case with one of our Bombshells landlord for 1.0 million. See Note 11 to our consolidated financial statements. 

In
relation to insurance claims and recoveries, we recognized a 1.3 million gain in 2021, a 420,000 loss in 2020, and a 768,000 gain
in 2019 mainly related to a fire in one of our clubs in Washington Park, Illinois toward the end of fiscal 2018 and a hurricane that
damaged one of our clubs in Sulphur, Louisiana in August 2020. Gains related to insurance recoveries were recognized when the contingencies
related to the insurance claims have been resolved, which may be in a subsequent reporting period. See Note 14 to our consolidated
financial statements. 

Income
from Operations 

During
fiscal 2021, 2020, and 2019, our consolidated operating margin was 19.7 , 2.1 , and 19.2 , respectively. 

Below
is a table which reflects segment contribution to income from operations (in thousands): 

2021 
 2020 
 2019 
 
 Nightclubs 
 43,815 
 13,056 
 50,724 
 
 Bombshells 
 13,264 
 9,237 
 2,307 
 
 Other 
 35 
 (614 
 (309 
 
 General corporate 
 (18,566 
 (18,933 
 (18,021 

38,548 
 2,746 
 34,701 

Nightclubs operating margin was 31.9 ,
14.8 , and 34.1 in 2021, 2020, and 2019, respectively, primarily due to the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic in 2020 and the closure
of underperforming units, fixed expense leverage on increasing sales, and impairment of assets of 13.6 million, 10.4 million,
and 5.9 million for 2021, 2020, and 2019, respectively. Bombshells operating margin was 23.4 , 21.4 , and 7.5 in 2021, 2020, and 2019,
respectively, mainly due to two new units and same-store sales increase in 2021, partially offset by COVID-19 impact in 2020, and pre-opening
expenses in 2019 (particularly in salaries and wages and selling, general and administrative expenses. 

32 

Excluding
certain items, non-GAAP operating income (loss) and non-GAAP operating margin are computed in the tables below (dollars in thousands).
Refer to discussion of Non-GAAP Financial Measures on page 35. 

For
 the Year Ended September 30, 2021 

Nightclubs 
 Bombshells 
 Other 
 Corporate 
 Total

Income
 (loss) from operations 
 43,815 
 13,264 
 35 
 (18,566 
 38,548 
 
 Amortization
 of intangibles 
 187 
 14 
 57 
 - 
 258 
 
 Settlement
 of lawsuits 
 275 
 59 
 5 
 1,010 
 1,349 
 
 Impairment
 of assets 
 13,612 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 13,612 
 
 Costs
 and charges related to debt refinancing 
 17 
 - 
 - 
 40 
 57 
 
 Loss
 (gain) on sale of businesses and assets 
 (580 
 72 
 - 
 (14 
 (522 
 
 Gain
 on insurance 
 (1,209 
 - 
 - 
 (44 
 (1,253 
 
 Non-GAAP
 operating income (loss) 
 56,117 
 13,409 
 97 
 (17,574 
 52,049 

GAAP
 operating margin 
 31.9 
 23.4 
 2.7 
 (9.5 
 19.7 
 
 Non-GAAP
 operating margin 
 40.9 
 23.7 
 7.5 
 (9.0 
 26.7 

For
 the Year Ended September 30, 2020 

Nightclubs 
 Bombshells 
 Other 
 Corporate 
 Total 
 
 Income (loss) from operations 
 13,056 
 9,237 
 (614 
 (18,933 
 2,746 
 
 Amortization of intangibles 
 211 
 15 
 383 
 - 
 609 
 
 Settlement of lawsuits 
 174 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 174 
 
 Impairment of assets 
 10,370 
 245 
 - 
 - 
 10,615 
 
 Loss (gain) on sale of businesses and assets 
 (639 
 16 
 - 
 (38 
 (661 
 
 Loss (gain) on insurance 
 433 
 - 
 - 
 (13 
 420 
 
 Non-GAAP operating income (loss) 
 23,605 
 9,513 
 (231 
 (18,984 
 13,903 

GAAP operating margin 
 14.8 
 21.4 
 (83.1 
 (14.3 
 2.1 
 
 Non-GAAP operating margin 
 26.7 
 22.0 
 (31.3 
 (14.3 
 10.5 

For
 the Year Ended September 30, 2019 

Nightclubs 
 Bombshells 
 Other 
 Corporate 
 Total 
 
 Income (loss) from operations 
 50,724 
 2,307 
 (309 
 (18,021 
 34,701 
 
 Amortization of intangibles 
 230 
 11 
 383 
 - 
 624 
 
 Settlement of lawsuits 
 169 
 3 
 - 
 53 
 225 
 
 Impairment of assets 
 5,920 
 - 
 - 
 120 
 6,040 
 
 Loss (gain) on sale of businesses and assets 
 (2,858 
 27 
 - 
 (46 
 (2,877 
 
 Gain on insurance 
 (654 
 - 
 - 
 (114 
 (768 
 
 Non-GAAP operating income (loss) 
 53,531 
 2,348 
 74 
 (18,008 
 37,945 

GAAP operating margin 
 34.1 
 7.5 
 (19.0 
 (10.0 
 19.2 
 
 Non-GAAP operating margin 
 36.0 
 7.6 
 4.6 
 (9.9 
 21.0 

Other
Income/Expenses 

Interest
expense increased by 181,000 from 2020 to 2021 and decreased by 398,000 from 2019 to 2020. The net increase in interest expense in
2021 was primarily caused by the expensed loan costs and written off unamortized debt issuance costs related to the September 2021 Refinancing
Note (see Note 9 to our consolidated financial statements), partially offset by the impact of a lower average debt balance. The decrease
in interest expense in 2020 was primarily due to the lower average debt balance. During 2019, our debt repayments were significantly
higher than our borrowing, excluding borrowings from acquisitions, thereby reducing interest expense as a percentage of revenue. During
2020, with the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic, certain debt principal and interest payments were deferred, but we continue to
accrue interest on these debts. At the end of 2021, we refinanced several of our existing bank and seller-financed real estate debt with
the issuance of a 99.1 million 5.25 note with a term of 10 years. 

33 

We
consider rent plus interest expense as our occupancy costs since most of our debts are for real properties where our clubs and restaurants
are located. For occupancy cost purposes, we exclude non-real-estate-related interest expense. Total occupancy cost rate (total occupancy
cost as a percentage of revenues) increased in 2020 due to lower sales activity caused by the pandemic as shown below. 

2021 
 2020 
 2019 
 
 Rent 
 2.0 
 3.1 
 2.2 
 
 Interest 
 4.8 
 7.4 
 5.6 
 
 Total occupancy cost 
 6.8 
 10.5 
 7.8 

The
2021 interest expense rate above excludes certain costs and charges related to the September 2021 Refinancing Note amounting to
approximately 637,000, or 0.3 of consolidated revenues. The 637,000 interest expense includes 103,000 in unamortized debt issuance
costs that were written off and 228,000 in expensed new loan costs. 

In
fiscal 2021, we received 11 notices of forgiveness for our PPP loans approving the forgiveness of 100 of each of the 11 PPP loans amounting
to 5.3 million in principal and interest, which were included in non-operating gains (losses), net. In November 2021, we received
a partial forgiveness of the remaining 124,000 PPP loan for 85,000 in principal and interest. See Note 9 to our consolidated financial
statements. 

Income
Taxes 

Income taxes were an expense of approximately
 4.0 million in 2021, a benefit of 493,000 in 2020, and an expense of 3.7 million in 2019. Our effective income tax rate was a
11.7 expense in 2021, 7.2 benefit in 2020, and a 15.5 expense in 2019. The components of our annual effective income tax rate
are the following: 

2021 

2020 

2019 

Federal statutory income tax expense/benefit 

21.0 

21.0 

21.0 

State income taxes, net of federal benefit 

2.1 

(3.7) 

2.8 

Permanent differences 

(1.3) 

(5.8) 

0.2 

Change in state tax rate 

(2.4) 

- 

- 

Change in valuation allowance 

(1.9) 

(18.7) 

- 

Tax credits 

(3.5) 

13.9 

(3.7) 
 
 Other 

(2.4) 

0.6 

(4.8) 
 
 Total effective income tax rate 

11.7 

7.2 

15.5 

Positive or negative percentages are in relation
to income or loss before income taxes of the respective fiscal year. Percentages may not foot due to rounding. 

The effective income tax rate difference from
the statutory federal corporate tax rate of 21 comes from offsetting impact of state income tax, net of federal benefit, and
tax credits that are mostly FICA tip credits. The effective income tax rate for fiscal 2020 was also affected by the pre-tax loss mostly
caused by the pandemic and the changes in the deferred tax asset valuation allowance in fiscal 2021 and 2020. 

34 

Non-GAAP
Financial Measures 

In
addition to our financial information presented in accordance with GAAP, management uses certain non-GAAP financial measures, within
the meaning of the SEC Regulation G, to clarify and enhance understanding of past performance and prospects for the future. Generally,
a non-GAAP financial measure is a numerical measure of a company s operating performance, financial position or cash flows that
excludes or includes amounts that are included in or excluded from the most directly comparable measure calculated and presented in accordance
with GAAP. We monitor non-GAAP financial measures because it describes the operating performance of the Company and helps management
and investors gauge our ability to generate cash flow, excluding (or including) some items that management believes are not representative
of the ongoing business operations of the Company, but are included in (or excluded from) the most directly comparable measures calculated
and presented in accordance with GAAP. Relative to each of the non-GAAP financial measures, we further set forth our rationale as follows: 

Non-GAAP
Operating Income and Non-GAAP Operating Margin. We calculate non-GAAP operating income and non-GAAP operating margin by excluding
the following items from income from operations and operating margin: (a) amortization of intangibles, (b) impairment of assets, (c)
gains or losses on sale of businesses and assets, (d) gains or losses on insurance, (e) settlement of lawsuits, and (f) costs and
charges related to debt refinancing. We believe that excluding these items assists investors in evaluating period-over-period changes
in our operating income and operating margin without the impact of items that are not a result of our day-to-day business and operations. 

Non-GAAP
Net Income and Non-GAAP Net Income per Diluted Share . We calculate non-GAAP net income and non-GAAP net income per diluted share
by excluding or including certain items to net income attributable to RCIHH common stockholders and diluted earnings per share. Adjustment
items are: (a) amortization of intangibles, (b) impairment of assets, (c) costs and charges related to debt refinancing, (d) gains or
losses on sale of businesses and assets, (e) gains or losses on insurance, (f) unrealized loss on equity securities, (g) settlement of
lawsuits, (h) gain on debt extinguishment, (i) costs and charges related to debt refinancing, (j) the income tax effect of the
above-described adjustments, and (k) change in deferred tax asset valuation allowance. Included in the income tax effect of the
above adjustments is the net effect of the non-GAAP provision for income taxes, calculated at 13.5 , 26.0 , and 15.5 effective
tax rate of the pre-tax non-GAAP income before taxes for the 2021, 2020, and 2019, respectively, and the GAAP income tax expense (benefit).
We believe that excluding and including such items help management and investors better understand our operating activities. 

Adjusted
EBITDA . We calculate adjusted EBITDA by excluding the following items from net income attributable to RCIHH common stockholders:
(a) depreciation and amortization, (b) income tax expense (benefit), (c) net interest expense, (d) gains or losses on sale of businesses
and assets, (e) gains or losses on insurance (f) unrealized gains or losses on equity securities, (g) impairment of assets, (h) settlement
of lawsuits, and (i) gain on debt extinguishment. We believe that adjusting for such items helps management and investors better understand
our operating activities. Adjusted EBITDA provides a core operational performance measurement that compares results without the need
to adjust for federal, state and local taxes which have considerable variation between domestic jurisdictions. The results are, therefore,
without consideration of financing alternatives of capital employed. We use adjusted EBITDA as one guideline to assess the unleveraged
performance return on our investments. Adjusted EBITDA multiple is also used as a target benchmark for our acquisitions of nightclubs. 

We
also use certain non-GAAP cash flow measures such as free cash flow. See Liquidity and Capital Resources section for further
discussion. 

35 

The
following tables present our non-GAAP performance measures for the periods indicated (in thousands, except per share amounts and percentages): 

For
 the Year Ended September 30, 

2021 
 2020 
 2019 
 
 Reconciliation of GAAP net income (loss) to Adjusted EBITDA 

Net income (loss) attributable to RCIHH common stockholders 
 30,336 
 (6,085 
 20,294 
 
 Income tax expense (benefit) 
 3,989 
 (493 
 3,744 
 
 Interest expense, net 
 9,739 
 9,487 
 9,900 
 
 Settlement of lawsuits 
 1,349 
 174 
 225 
 
 Impairment of assets 
 13,612 
 10,615 
 6,040 
 
 Gain on sale of businesses and assets 
 (522 
 (661 
 (2,877 
 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 8,238 
 8,836 
 9,072 
 
 Unrealized loss on equity securities 
 84 
 64 
 612 
 
 Gain on debt extinguishment 
 (5,329 
 - 
 - 
 
 Loss (gain) on insurance 
 (1,253 
 420 
 (768 
 
 Adjusted EBITDA 
 60,243 
 22,357 
 46,242 

Reconciliation of GAAP net income (loss) to non-GAAP net income 

Net income (loss) attributable to RCIHH common stockholders 
 30,336 
 (6,085 
 20,294 
 
 Amortization of intangibles 
 258 
 609 
 624 
 
 Settlement of lawsuits 
 1,349 
 174 
 225 
 
 Impairment of assets 
 13,612 
 10,615 
 6,040 
 
 Gain on sale of businesses and assets 
 (522 
 (661 
 (2,877 
 
 Costs and charges related to debt refinancing 
 694 
 - 
 - 
 
 Unrealized loss on equity securities 
 84 
 64 
 612 
 
 Gain on debt extinguishment 
 (5,329 
 - 
 - 
 
 Loss (gain) on insurance 
 (1,253 
 420 
 (768 
 
 Change in deferred tax asset valuation allowance 
 (632 
 1,273 
 - 
 
 Net income tax effect 
 (1,845 
 (1,700 
 (580 
 
 Non-GAAP net income 
 36,752 
 4,709 
 23,570 

For
 the Year Ended September 30, 

2021 
 2020 
 2019 
 
 Reconciliation of GAAP diluted earnings (loss) per share to non-GAAP diluted earnings per share 

Diluted shares 
 9,005 
 9,199 
 9,657 
 
 GAAP diluted earnings (loss) per share 
 3.37 
 (0.66 
 2.10 
 
 Amortization of intangibles 
 0.03 
 0.07 
 0.06 
 
 Settlement of lawsuits 
 0.15 
 0.02 
 0.02 
 
 Impairment of assets 
 1.51 
 1.15 
 0.63 
 
 Gain on sale of businesses and assets 
 (0.06 
 (0.07 
 (0.30 
 
 Costs and charges related to debt refinancing 
 0.08 
 - 
 - 
 
 Unrealized loss on equity securities 
 0.01 
 0.01 
 0.06 
 
 Gain on debt extinguishment 
 (0.59 
 - 
 - 
 
 Loss (gain) on insurance 
 (0.14 
 0.05 
 (0.08 
 
 Change in deferred tax asset valuation allowance 
 (0.07 
 0.14 
 - 
 
 Net income tax effect 
 (0.20 
 (0.18 
 (0.05 
 
 Non-GAAP diluted earnings per share 
 4.08 
 0.51 
 2.44 

Reconciliation of GAAP operating income to non-GAAP operating income 

Income from operations 
 38,548 
 2,746 
 34,701 
 
 Amortization of intangibles 
 258 
 609 
 624 
 
 Settlement of lawsuits 
 1,349 
 174 
 225 
 
 Impairment of assets 
 13,612 
 10,615 
 6,040 
 
 Gain on sale of businesses and assets 
 (522 
 (661 
 (2,877 
 
 Costs and charges related to debt refinancing 
 57 
 - 
 - 
 
 Loss (gain) on insurance 
 (1,253 
 420 
 (768 
 
 Non-GAAP operating income 
 52,049 
 13,903 
 37,945 

Reconciliation of GAAP operating margin to non-GAAP operating margin 

GAAP operating margin 
 19.7 
 2.1 
 19.2 
 
 Amortization of intangibles 
 0.1 
 0.5 
 0.3 
 
 Settlement of lawsuits 
 0.7 
 0.1 
 0.1 
 
 Impairment of assets 
 7.0 
 8.0 
 3.3 
 
 Gain on sale of businesses and assets 
 (0.3 
 (0.5 
 (1.6 
 
 Costs and charges related to debt refinancing 
 0.0 
 - 
 - 
 
 Loss (gain) on insurance 
 (0.6 
 0.3 
 (0.4 
 
 Non-GAAP operating margin 
 26.7 
 10.5 
 21.0 

Per share amounts and percentages may not foot due to rounding. 

Costs and charges related to debt refinancing consist of 637,000 in interest expense and 57,000 in legal and professional fees. The
 637,000 interest expense portion above includes 103,000 in unamortized debt issuance costs that were written off and 228,000 in expensed
new loan costs. 

The
adjustments to reconcile net income attributable to RCIHH common stockholders to non-GAAP net income exclude the impact of adjustments
related to noncontrolling interests, which is immaterial. 

36 

LIQUIDITY
AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 

At September 30, 2021, our cash and cash equivalents
were approximately 35.7 million compared to 15.6 million at September 30, 2020. Because of the large volume of cash we handle, we have
very stringent cash controls. As of September 30, 2021, we had working capital of 26.1 million compared to a negative working
capital of 5.9 million as of September 30, 2020, excluding net assets held for sale (net of associated liabilities of 1.1 million and
 0, respectively) amounting to 3.8 million and 0 as of September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Although we believe that our ability
to generate cash from operating activities is one of our fundamental financial strengths, the temporary closure of our clubs and restaurants
caused by the COVID-19 pandemic presented operational challenges. Our strategy was to open locations and operate in accordance
with local and state guidelines. Revenues seem favorable now that all our locations are not under pandemic-related closure mandates.
We believe that we can borrow capital if needed but currently we do not have unused credit facilities so there can be no guarantee
that additional liquidity will be readily available or available on favorable terms. 

In fiscal 2020, to adapt to the situation,
we took significant steps to augment an anticipated decline in operating cash flows, including negotiating deferment of some of our debts,
reducing the number of our employees and related payroll costs where necessary, and deferring or modifying certain fixed and variable
monthly expenses, among others. 

On May 8, 2020, the Company received approval and
funding under the Paycheck Protection Program of the CARES Act for its restaurants, shared service entity and lounge. Ten of our restaurant
subsidiaries received amounts ranging from 271,000 to 579,000 for an aggregate amount of 4.2 million; our shared-services subsidiary
received 1.1 million; and one of our lounges received 124,000. None of our adult nightclub and other non-core business subsidiaries
received funding under the PPP. The Company believes it used the entire loan amount for qualifying expenses. Under the terms of the PPP,
certain amounts of the loan may be forgiven if they are used for qualifying expenses as described in the CARES Act. The Company utilized
all of the PPP funds and submitted its forgiveness applications. During the year ended September 30, 2021, we received 11 Notices of
PPP Forgiveness Payment from the Small Business Administration out of the 12 of our PPP loans granted. All of the notices received forgave
100 of each of the 11 PPP loans totaling the amount of 5.3 million in principal and interest during the period and were included
in non-operating gains (losses), net in our consolidated statement of operations. In November 2021, we received a partial forgiveness
of the remaining 124,000 PPP loan for 85,000 in principal and interest. The remaining unforgiven portion of approximately 41,000 in principal will be repaid as debt plus accrued interest. 

As
of the release of this report, we do not know the future extent and duration of the impact of COVID-19 on our businesses. Closures and
operating restrictions, as caused by local, state and national guidelines, could lead to adverse financial results. However, we will
continually monitor and evaluate our cash flow situation and will determine any further measures to be instituted. 

We
continue to adhere to state and local government mandates regarding the pandemic and, since March 2020, have closed and reopened a number
of our locations depending on changing government mandates, including operating hour and limited occupancy restrictions, where applicable.
Currently, all of our locations are open except two clubs that are being renovated and/or remodeled. 

We
have not recently raised capital through the issuance of equity securities. Instead, we use debt financing to lower our overall cost
of capital and increase our return on stockholders equity. We have a history of borrowing funds in private transactions and from
sellers in acquisition transactions and have secured traditional bank financing on our new development projects and refinancing of our
existing notes payable, but with the significant global impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, there can be no assurance that any of these
financing options would be presently available on favorable terms, if at all. We also have historically utilized these cash flows to
invest in property and equipment, adult nightclubs, and restaurants/sports bars. 

On October 18, 2021, we and certain of our
subsidiaries completed our acquisition of eleven gentlemen s clubs, six related real estate properties, and associated
intellectual property for a total agreed acquisition price of 88.0 million (with a total consideration preliminary fair value of
 88.4 million based on the Company s stock price at acquisition date and discounted due to the lock-up period). The
acquisition gives the Company presence in six additional states. We paid for the acquisition with 36.8 million in cash, 21.2
million in four seller-financed notes, and 500,000 shares of our common stock. 

We
expect to generate adequate cash flows from operations for the next 12 months from the issuance of this report. 

The
following table presents a summary of our net cash flows from operating, investing, and financing activities (in thousands): 

Year
 Ended September 30, 

2021 
 2020 
 2019 
 
 Operating activities 
 41,991 
 15,632 
 37,174 
 
 Investing activities 
 (6,814 
 (994 
 (27,147 
 
 Financing activities 
 (15,096 
 (13,130 
 (13,656 
 
 Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 
 20,081 
 1,508 
 (3,629 

We
require capital principally for the acquisition of new clubs, construction of new Bombshells, renovation of older units, and investments
in technology. We also utilize capital to repurchase our common stock as part of our share repurchase program, based on our capital allocation
strategy guidelines, and to pay our quarterly dividends. 

37 

Cash
Flows from Operating Activities 

Following
are our summarized cash flows from operating activities (in thousands): 

Year
 Ended September 30, 

2021 
 2020 
 2019 
 
 Net income (loss) 
 30,150 
 (6,312 
 20,445 
 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 8,238 
 8,836 
 9,072 
 
 Deferred tax expense (benefit) 
 (1,253 
 (1,268 
 821 
 
 Impairment of assets 
 13,612 
 10,615 
 6,040 
 
 Gain on debt extinguishment 
 (5,298 
 - 
 - 
 
 Net change in operating assets and liabilities 
 (3,451 
 1,380 
 2,822 
 
 Other 
 (7 
 2,381 
 (2,026 
 
 Net cash provided by operating activities 
 41,991 
 15,632 
 37,174 

Net
cash flows from operating activities increased from 2020 to 2021 mainly due to significantly higher income from operations partially
offset by higher interest payments, which included deferred debt interest payments from 2020, and higher income taxes paid. Net cash
flows from operating activities significantly decreased in 2020 mainly due to the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our operations and
partially offset by lower interest and income taxes paid. 

Cash
Flows from Investing Activities 

Following
are our summarized cash flows from investing activities (in thousands): 

Year
 Ended September 30, 

2021 
 2020 
 2019 
 
 Proceeds from sale of businesses and assets 
 5,415 
 2,221 
 7,223 
 
 Proceeds from insurance and notes receivable 
 1,282 
 2,521 
 258 
 
 Issuance of notes receivable 
 - 
 - 
 (420 
 
 Payments for property and equipment and intangible assets 
 (13,511 
 (5,736 
 (20,708 
 
 Acquisition of businesses, net of cash acquired 
 - 
 - 
 (13,500 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities 
 (6,814 
 (994 
 (27,147 

In 2021, we acquired four real estate properties
either for future club or restaurant locations or for corporate use. On one of the real properties purchased, we opened a Bombshells
restaurant on December 6, 2021 in Arlington, Texas. There were no new Bombshells units opened in 2021. We also sold two real estate properties
in 2021. We opened two new Bombshells units in 2020 (one in Katy, Texas and another on U.S. Highway 59 in
Houston, Texas) and sold three real estate properties. In 2019, we opened four new units (acquired two clubs in Chicago, Illinois
and Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, and built two new Bombshells in Houston, Texas) and seven real estate properties sold. As of September
30, 2021, 2020, and 2019, we had 3.4 million, 20,000, and 8.9 million in construction-in-progress related mostly to Bombshells
opening in the subsequent fiscal year. In 2019, we acquired two clubs (one in Pittsburgh and another in Chicago) where
we paid a total of 13.5 million at closing. See Note 15 to our consolidated financial statements. 

Following
is a reconciliation of our additions to property and equipment for the years ended September 30, 2021, 2020, and 2019 (in thousands): 

Year
 Ended September 30, 

2021 
 2020 
 2019 
 
 New capital expenditures in new clubs and Bombshells units and equipment 
 7,604 
 3,585 
 16,850 
 
 Maintenance capital expenditures 
 5,907 
 2,151 
 3,858 
 
 Total capital expenditures, excluding business acquisitions 
 13,511 
 5,736 
 20,708 

Includes real estate except those acquired through business acquisitions. 

See discussion of acquisitions subsequent to September
30, 2021 in Note 15 to our consolidated financial statements, the most significant of which is our acquisition of eleven clubs on October
18, 2021 for which part of the total acquisition price was paid with 36.8 million in cash at closing. 

38 

Cash
Flows from Financing Activities 

Following
are our summarized cash flows from financing activities (in thousands): 

Year
 Ended September 30, 

2021 
 2020 
 2019 
 
 Proceeds from long-term debt 
 38,490 
 6,503 
 13,511 
 
 Payments on long-term debt 
 (49,178 
 (8,832 
 (22,924 
 
 Payment of dividends 
 (1,440 
 (1,286 
 (1,252 
 
 Purchase of treasury stock 
 (1,794 
 (9,484 
 (2,901 
 
 Payment of loan origination costs 
 (1,174 
 - 
 (20 
 
 Distribution to noncontrolling interests 
 - 
 (31 
 (70 
 
 Net cash used in financing activities 
 (15,096 
 (13,130 
 (13,656 

See Note 9 to our consolidated financial statements
for a detailed discussion of our debt obligations. 

We
purchased shares of our common stock representing 74,659 shares, 516,102 shares, and 128,040 shares in 2021, 2020, and 2019, respectively.
We paid quarterly dividends of 0.03 per share in fiscal 2020 and 2019, except for the fourth quarter of 2019 and the second and fourth
quarter of 2020 where we paid 0.04 per share. We paid quarterly dividends of 0.04 per share in fiscal 2021. 

Non-GAAP
Cash Flow Measure 

Management
also uses certain non-GAAP cash flow measures such as free cash flow. We define free cash flow as net cash provided by operating activities
less maintenance capital expenditures. We use free cash flow as the baseline for the implementation of our capital allocation strategy.
See table below (in thousands): 

2021 
 2020 
 2019 
 
 Net cash provided by operating activities 
 41,991 
 15,632 
 37,174 
 
 Less: Maintenance capital expenditures 
 5,907 
 2,151 
 3,858 
 
 Free cash flow 
 36,084 
 13,481 
 33,316 

We
do not include total capital expenditures as a reduction from net cash flow from operating activities to arrive at free cash flow. This
is because, based on our capital allocation strategy, acquisitions and development of our own clubs and restaurants are our primary uses
of free cash flow. 

Debt
Financing 

Significant
financing activities were as follows: 

99.1
 million bank refinancing loan on September 30, 2021 

17.0
 million borrowings from private investors on October 12, 2021 (subsequent to year-end) 

21.2 million seller-financed notes related to the October
 18, 2021 acquisition (subsequent to year-end) 

See
Note 9 to our consolidated financial statements for more details regarding our debt activity. 

39 

Contractual
Obligations and Commitments 

We
have long-term contractual obligations primarily in the form of debt obligations and operating leases. The following table (in thousands)
summarizes our contractual obligations and their aggregate maturities as well as future minimum rent payments. Future interest payments
related to debt were estimated using the interest rate in effect as of September 30, 2021. 

Payments Due by Period 

Total 

2022 

2023 

2024 

2025 

2026 

Thereafter 

Long-term debt regular (a) 

60,843 

6,625 

4,825 

5,094 

5,409 

5,745 

33,145 

Long-term debt balloon (a) 

65,953 

- 

3,676 

- 

- 

- 

62,277 

Interest payments on debt 

52,213 

6,933 

6,324 

5,996 

5,681 

5,345 

21,934 

Operating leases (b) 

36,766 

3,296 

3,173 

3,177 

3,245 

3,304 

20,571 

(a) 
 See
 Note 9 to our consolidated financial statements. 

(b) 
 See
 Note 19 to our consolidated financial statements. 

Other
than the potentially prolonged effect of the COVID-19 pandemic and the notes payable financing described above, we are not aware of any
event or trend that would adversely impact our liquidity. In our opinion, working capital is not a true indicator of our financial status.
Typically, businesses in our industry carry current liabilities in excess of current assets because businesses in our industry receive
substantially immediate payment for sales, with nominal receivables, while inventories and other current liabilities normally carry longer
payment terms. Vendors and purveyors often remain flexible with payment terms, providing businesses in our industry with opportunities
to adjust to short-term business downturns. We consider the primary indicators of financial status to be the long-term trend of revenue
growth, the mix of sales revenues, overall cash flow, profitability from operations and the level of long-term debt. 

The
following table presents a summary of such indicators (dollars in thousands): 

Increase 
 
 Increase 

2021 
 (Decrease) 
 2020 
 (Decrease) 
 2019 

Sales of alcoholic beverages 
 86,685 
 46.7 
 59,080 
 (21.4 
 75,140 
 
 Sales of food and merchandise 
 41,111 
 68.1 
 24,460 
 (5.3 
 25,830 
 
 Service revenues 
 55,461 
 34.7 
 41,162 
 (39.5 
 68,055 
 
 Other 
 12,001 
 57.4 
 7,625 
 (36.6 
 12,034 
 
 Total revenues 
 195,258 
 47.6 
 132,327 
 (26.9 
 181,059 
 
 Net cash provided by operating activities 
 41,991 
 168.6 
 15,632 
 (57.9 
 37,174 
 
 Adjusted EBITDA 
 60,243 
 169.5 
 22,357 
 (51.7 
 46,242 
 
 Free cash flow 
 36,084 
 167.7 
 13,481 
 (59.5 
 33,316 
 
 Debt (end of period) 
 125,168 
 (11.5 
 141,435 
 (1.5 
 143,528 

See definition and calculation of Adjusted EBITDA and Free Cash Flow under Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Liquidity and Capital Resources
above. 

40 

We
have not established financing other than the notes payable discussed in Note 9 to the consolidated financial statements. There can be
no assurance that we will be able to obtain additional financing on reasonable terms in the future, if at all, should the need arise. 

Share
Repurchase 

As
part of our capital allocation strategy, we buy back shares in the open market or through negotiated purchases, as authorized by our
Board of Directors. During fiscal years 2021, 2020, and 2019, we paid for treasury stock amounting to 1.8 million, 9.5 million, and
 2.9 million representing 74,659 shares, 516,102 shares, and 128,040 shares, respectively. On February 6, 2020, the Board of Directors
increased the repurchase authorization by an additional 10.0 million. We have approximately 9.0 million remaining to purchase additional
shares as of September 30, 2021. 

For
additional details regarding our Board approved share repurchase plans, please refer to Item 5 Market for Registrant s
Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 

IMPACT
OF INFLATION 

To the extent permitted by competition, we have
managed to recover increased costs through price increases and may continue to do so. However, there can be no assurance that we will
be able to do so in the future. 

SEASONALITY 

Our
nightclub operations are affected by seasonal factors. Historically, we have experienced reduced revenues from April through September
(our fiscal third and fourth quarters) with the strongest operating results occurring during October through March (our fiscal first
and second quarters), but in fiscal 2020, due to the COVID-19 pandemic, revenues during the second through the fourth quarter were significantly
reduced. Our revenues in certain markets are also affected by sporting events that cause unusual changes in sales from year to year. 

GROWTH
STRATEGY 

We
believe that our nightclub operations can continue to grow organically and through careful entry into markets and demographic segments
with high growth potential. Our growth strategy involves the following: (i) to acquire existing units in locations that are consistent
with our growth and income targets and which appear receptive to the upscale club formula we have developed; (ii) to open new units after
market analysis; (iii) to franchise our Bombshells brand; (iv) to form joint ventures or partnerships to reduce start-up and operating
costs, with us contributing equity in the form of our brand name and management expertise; (v) to develop new club concepts that are
consistent with our management and marketing skills; (vi) to develop and open our restaurant concepts as our capital and manpower allow;
and (vii) to control the real estate in connection with club operations, although some units may be in leased premises. 

We
believe that Bombshells can grow organically and through careful entry into markets and demographic segments with high growth potential.
All ten of the existing Bombshells as of September 30, 2021 are located in Texas. Our growth strategy is to diversify our operations
with these units which do not require SOB licenses, which are sometimes difficult to obtain. While we are searching for adult nightclubs
to acquire, we are able to also search for restaurant/sports bar locations that are consistent with our income targets. 

41 

During
fiscal 2019, we acquired two clubs, one in Illinois (rebranded as Rick s Cabaret Chicago) and another in Pennsylvania (rebranded
as Rick s Cabaret Pittsburgh) for an aggregate purchase price of 25.5 million. See Note 15 to the consolidated financial statements
for details of the transactions. 

We
opened two new Bombshells units in fiscal 2019. 

In
October 2018, the Company sold its nightclub in Philadelphia for a total sales price of 1.0 million, payable 375,000 in cash at closing
and a 9 note payable over a 10-year period. See Note 15 to the consolidated financial statements for details of the disposition. 

We
opened two new Bombshells units in fiscal 2020. 

On
October 18, 2021, we and certain of our subsidiaries completed our acquisition of eleven gentlemen s clubs, six related real
estate properties, and associated intellectual property for a total agreed acquisition price of 88.0 million (with
a total consideration preliminary fair value of 88.4 million based on the Company s stock price at acquisition date and
discounted due to the lock-up period). See Note 15 to our consolidated financial statements for details of the
transaction. 

On
November 8, 2021, the Company acquired a club and related real estate in Newburgh, New York for a total purchase price of 3.5 million,
by which 2.5 million was paid in cash at closing and 1.0 million through a seller-financed 7-year promissory note with an interest
rate of 4.0 per annum. The note is payable 13,669 per month, including principal and interest. See Note 15 to our consolidated financial
statements. 

In December 2021, we opened a new Bombshells location in Arlington,
Texas. 

We
continue to evaluate opportunities to acquire new nightclubs and anticipate acquiring new locations that fit our business model as we
have done in the past. The acquisition of additional clubs may require us to take on additional debt or issue our common stock, or both.
There can be no assurance that we will be able to obtain additional financing on reasonable terms in the future, if at all, should the
need arise. An inability to obtain such additional financing could have an adverse effect on our growth strategy. 

Item
7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

The
items in our financial statements subject to market risk are potential debt instruments with variable interest rates. We do not carry
any debt with a variable interest rate in effect as of September 30, 2021. Certain of our debt have variable interest rates but will
only be effective in future years. 

Item
8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 

The
information required by this Item begins on page 43. 

42 

RCI
HOSPITALITY HOLDINGS, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Table
of Contents 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 44 

Consolidated Financial Statements: 

Consolidated Balance Sheets at September 30, 2021 and 2020 
 45 

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended September 30, 2021, 2020, and 2019 
 46 

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the years ended September 30, 2021, 2020, and 2019 
 47 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity for the years ended September 30, 2021, 2020, and 2019 
 48 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended September 30, 2021, 2020, and 2019 
 49 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 50 

43 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Board of Directors and Stockholders of 

 RCI
Hospitality Holdings, Inc. 

Opinion
on the Consolidated Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of RCI Hospitality Holdings, Inc. (the Company as of September
30, 2021 and 2020, and the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income (loss), changes in equity, and cash flows
for each of the years in the three-year period ended September 30, 2021, and the related notes and schedule (collectively referred to
as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all
material respects, the financial position of the Company as of September 30, 2021 and 2020, and the results of its operations and its
cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended September 30, 2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America. 

We
also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB ),
the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2021, based on criteria established in Internal
Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO and our report dated December 14, 2021 expressed an adverse opinion. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion
on the Company s consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB
and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable
rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud.
Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether
due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence
regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles
used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements.
We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical
Audit Matter 

The
critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that
was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material
to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication
of critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are
not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or
disclosures to which it relates. 

Impairment
of Goodwill, Indefinite-lived Intangible Assets, and Long-lived Assets 

As
discussed in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company reviews goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets on
an annual basis for impairment, or when events and circumstances indicate that the asset might be impaired. Additionally, the Company
reviews long-lived assets, such as property and equipment, intangible assets subject to amortization, and right-of-use assets on operating
leases for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset or asset group may not
be recoverable. The Company s evaluation of goodwill for impairment involves the comparison of the fair value of each reporting
unit to its carrying value, and impairment of indefinite-lived intangible assets is recognized in the amount by which the carrying value
of the assets exceed their fair value. Recoverability of long-lived assets to be held and used is measured by a comparison of the carrying
amount of the assets to the future undiscounted cash flows expected to be generated by the assets. If these assets are determined to
be impaired, the amount of impairment recognized is the amount by which the carrying amount of the assets exceeds their fair value. Fair
value is generally determined using forecasted cash flows discounted using an estimated weighted average cost of capital. As of September
30, 2021, the Company had goodwill of approximately 39.4 million, indefinite-lived intangible assets of approximately 67.4 million.
Long-lived assets consisted of property and equipment, net, intangible assets subject to amortization, and right of use assets, net,
totaling approximately 200.7 million. During the year ended September 30, 2021 the Company recorded an impairment of these assets of
approximately 13.6 million. 

We
identified the evaluation of the impairment analysis of goodwill, indefinite-lived intangible assets, and long-lived assets as a critical
audit matter. There was a high degree of subjective auditor judgment in evaluating the estimated undiscounted future cash flows used
to test operating locations for recoverability and the determination of fair value of the relevant assets when required. Specifically,
a high degree of subjective auditor judgment was required to evaluate future revenues and operating cash flows, including consideration
of the impact of COVID-19. 

The
following are the primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter. We evaluated the design and tested the operating
effectiveness of certain internal controls related to the Company s goodwill, indefinite-lived intangible asset, and long-lived
asset impairment process, including controls over the identification of relevant assets at risk of impairment, the determination of estimated
undiscounted future cash flows and the fair value of individual reporting unit, as necessary, and controls over the key assumptions as
noted above. Additionally, we: (1) compared the Company s historical projected operating location-level cash flows to the actual
operating location-level cash flows to assess management s ability to accurately estimate, (2) compared the Company s estimated
future revenue growth rates to the historical trends of the operating locations and, (3) compared the Company s projected operating
location cash flows as a percentage of revenue to historical actual percentages. 

/s/
Friedman LLP 

We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2019. 

Marlton,
New Jersey 

December
14, 2021 

44 

RCI
HOSPITALITY HOLDINGS, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS 

 (in
thousands, except per share data) 

September
 30, 

2021 
 2020 

ASSETS 

Current assets 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Accounts receivable, net 

Current portion of notes receivable 

Inventories 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Assets held for sale 
 
 - 
 
 Total current assets 

Property and equipment, net 

Operating lease right-of-use assets, net 

Notes receivable, net of current portion 

Goodwill 

Intangibles, net 

Other assets 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND EQUITY 

Current liabilities 

Accounts payable 

Accrued liabilities 

Current portion of long-term debt 

Current portion of operating lease liabilities 

Total current liabilities 

Deferred tax liability, net 

Debt, net of current portion and debt discount and issuance costs 

Operating lease liabilities, net of current portion 

Other long-term liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies (Note 11) 
 - 
 - 

Equity 

Preferred stock, par value per share; shares authorized; issued and outstanding 
 - 
 - 
 
 Common stock, par value per share; shares authorized; shares and shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Retained earnings 

Total RCIHH stockholders equity 

Noncontrolling interests 

Total equity 

Total liabilities and equity 

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

45 

RCI
HOSPITALITY HOLDINGS, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

 (in
thousands, except per share data) 

Years
 Ended September 30, 

2021 
 2020 
 2019 

Revenues 

Sales of alcoholic beverages 

Sales of food and merchandise 

Service revenues 

Other 

Total revenues 

Operating expenses 

Cost of goods sold 

Alcoholic beverages sold 

Food and merchandise sold 

Service and other 

Total cost of goods sold (exclusive of items shown separately below) 

Salaries and wages 

Selling, general and administrative 

Depreciation and amortization 

Other charges, net 

Total operating expenses 

Income from operations 

Other income (expenses) 

Interest expense 

Interest income 

Non-operating gains (losses), net 

Income (loss) before income taxes 

Income tax expense (benefit) 

Net income (loss) 

Net loss (income) attributable to noncontrolling interests 

Net income (loss) attributable to RCIHH common stockholders 

Earnings (loss) per share 

Basic and diluted 

Weighted average number of common shares outstanding 

Basic and diluted 

Dividends per share 

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

46 

RCI
HOSPITALITY HOLDINGS, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 

 (in
thousands) 

2021 
 2020 
 2019 

Years
 Ended September 30, 

2021 
 2020 
 2019 

Net income (loss) 

Amount reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income 
 - 
 - 

Comprehensive income (loss) 

Comprehensive loss (income) attributable to noncontrolling interests 

Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to RCI Hospitality Holdings, Inc. 

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

47 

RCI
HOSPITALITY HOLDINGS, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN EQUITY 

 Years
Ended September 30, 2021, 2020, and 2019 

 (in
thousands) 

Common
 Stock 
 Additional 
 
 Accumulated 
 Other 
 Treasury
 Stock 

Number 
 
 Paid-In 
 Retained 
 Comprehensive 
 Number 
 
 Noncontrolling 
 Total 

of Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Earnings 
 Income 
 of Shares 
 Amount 
 Interests 
 Equity 
 
 Balance at September 30, 2018 

- 
 - 

Reclassification upon adoption of ASU 2016-01 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Purchase of treasury shares 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 

Canceled treasury shares 

- 
 - 

- 
 - 
 
 Payment of dividends 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Payments to noncontrolling interests 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Divestiture in other entities 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Net income 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance at September 30, 2019 

- 
 - 
 - 

Purchase of treasury shares 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 

Canceled treasury shares 

- 
 - 

- 
 - 
 
 Payment of dividends 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Payments to noncontrolling interests 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Net loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance at September 30, 2020 

- 
 - 
 - 

Purchase of treasury shares 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 

Canceled treasury shares 

- 
 - 

- 
 - 
 
 Payment of dividends 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Net income (loss) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance at September 30, 2021 

- 
 - 
 - 

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

48 

RCI
HOSPITALITY HOLDINGS, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

 (in
thousands) 

2021 
 2020 
 2019 

Years
 Ended September 30, 

2021 
 2020 
 2019 

CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

Net income (loss) 

Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash provided by operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Deferred tax expense (benefit) 

Gain on sale of businesses and assets 

Impairment of assets 

Amortization and writeoff of debt discount and issuance costs 

Doubtful accounts expense (reversal) on notes receivable 

- 
 
 Unrealized loss on equity securities 

Loss (gain) on insurance 

Noncash lease expense 

- 
 
 Deferred rent expense 
 - 
 - 

Gain on debt extinguishment 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 

Inventories 

Prepaid expenses, other current assets and other assets 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Net cash provided by operating activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES 

Proceeds from sale of businesses and assets 

Proceeds from notes receivable 

Proceeds from insurance 

Issuance of notes receivable 
 - 
 - 

Payments for property and equipment and intangible assets 

Acquisition of businesses, net of cash acquired 
 - 
 - 

Net cash used in investing activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

Proceeds from long-term debt 

Payments on long-term debt 

Purchase of treasury stock 

Payment of dividends 

Payment of loan origination costs 
 
 - 

Distribution to noncontrolling interests 
 - 

Net cash used in financing activities 

NET INCREASE (DECREASE) IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS 

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT BEGINNING OF YEAR 

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT END OF YEAR 

CASH PAID DURING YEAR FOR: 

Interest paid, net of amounts capitalized 

Income taxes paid (net of refunds of , , and , in 2021, 2020, and 2019, respectively) 

Non-cash investing and financing transactions: 

Years
 Ended September 30, 

2021 
 2020 
 2019 
 
 Debt incurred
 with seller in connection with acquisition of businesses 
 - 
 - 

Notes receivable received
 as proceeds from sale of assets 
 - 
 - 

Accounts receivable converted
 to notes receivable 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Refinanced long-term debt 

Operating lease right-of-use
 assets established upon adoption of ASC 842 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Deferred rent liabilities
 reclassified upon adoption of ASC 842 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Operating lease liabilities
 established upon adoption of ASC 842 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Adjustment to operating lease
 right-of-use assets and operating lease liabilities related to renewed leases 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 Unpaid liabilities on capital
 expenditures 

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

49 

RCI
HOSPITALITY HOLDINGS, INC. 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

RCI
HOSPITALITY HOLDINGS, INC. 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

2.
Summary of Significant Accounting Policies - continued 

and as of September
30, 2021 and 2020, respectively (see Note 5). Allowance for doubtful accounts balance related to notes receivable was and 
as of September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

to years. Furniture and equipment have estimated useful lives of to years, while leasehold
improvements are depreciated at the shorter of the lease term or estimated useful life. Expenditures for major renewals and betterments
that extend the useful lives are capitalized. Expenditures for normal maintenance and repairs are expensed as incurred. The cost of assets
sold, retired or abandoned and the related accumulated depreciation are written off from the accounts, and any gains or losses are charged
or credited in the accompanying consolidated statement of operations of the respective period. Interest expense from related debt incurred
during site construction is capitalized, which amounted to in fiscal 2021, in fiscal 2020, and in fiscal 2019. 

RCI
HOSPITALITY HOLDINGS, INC. 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

2.
Summary of Significant Accounting Policies - continued 

For
our goodwill impairment review, we have the option to first perform a qualitative assessment to determine if it is more likely than not
that the fair value of the reporting unit is less than its carrying value. This assessment is based on several factors, including industry
and market conditions, overall financial performance, including an assessment of cash flows in comparison to actual and projected results
of prior periods. If it is determined that it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying
value based on our qualitative analysis, or if we elect to skip this step, we perform a Step 1 quantitative analysis to determine the
fair value of the reporting unit. The fair value is determined using market-related valuation models, including discounted
cash flows and comparable asset market values. We recognize goodwill impairment in the amount that the carrying value of the reporting
unit exceeds the fair value of the reporting unit, not to exceed the amount of goodwill allocated to the reporting unit, based on the
results of our Step 1 analysis. For the year ended September 30, 2021, we identified seven reporting units that were impaired
and recognized a goodwill impairment loss totaling million. For the year ended September 30, 2020, we identified seven reporting
units that were impaired and recognized a goodwill impairment loss totaling 
 million. See related discussion in Note 3. For
the year ended September 30, 2019, we identified four reporting units that were impaired and recognized a goodwill impairment loss totaling
 million. 

For
indefinite-lived intangibles, specifically SOB licenses, we determine fair value by estimating the multiperiod excess earnings of the
asset. For indefinite-lived tradename, we determine fair value by using the relief from royalty method. The fair value is then compared
to the carrying value and an impairment charge is recognized by the amount by which the carrying amount exceeds the fair value of the
asset. We recorded impairment charges for SOB licenses amounting to 
million in 2021 related to three clubs,
 
 million in 2020 related to two clubs (see Note
3), and 
 in 2019 related to one club, which are included
in other charges, net in the consolidated statements of operations. 

million ; 
during fiscal 2020, the Company impaired one club and one Bombshells unit for a total of ;
and during fiscal 2019, the Company impaired two clubs for a total of 
 million. The Company also impaired one club in
fiscal of 2020 for operating lease right-of-use assets amounting to .
See Notes 6 and 19. 

RCI
HOSPITALITY HOLDINGS, INC. 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

2.
Summary of Significant Accounting Policies - continued 

RCI
HOSPITALITY HOLDINGS, INC. 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

2.
Summary of Significant Accounting Policies - continued 

U.S.
GAAP creates a single model to address accounting for uncertainty in tax positions by prescribing a minimum recognition threshold a tax
position is required to meet before being recognized in the financial statements. We recognize penalties related to unrecognized tax
benefits as a component of selling, general and administrative expenses, and recognize interest accrued related to unrecognized tax benefits
in interest expense. 

to interest are accounted for using the equity method, which are carried at cost and
adjusted for the Company s proportionate share of their undistributed earnings or losses. Cost and equity method investments are included in other assets in the Company s consolidated balance sheets. 

RCI
HOSPITALITY HOLDINGS, INC. 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

2.
Summary of Significant Accounting Policies - continued 

and approximately 
 respectively 
as of September 30, 2021 and 2020. 

RCI
HOSPITALITY HOLDINGS, INC. 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

2.
Summary of Significant Accounting Policies - continued 

In
accordance with U.S. GAAP, the Company reviews its marketable securities to determine whether a decline in fair value of a security below
the cost basis is other than temporary. Should the decline be considered other than temporary, the Company writes down the cost basis
of the security and include the loss in current earnings as opposed to an unrealized holding loss. No losses or other-than-temporary
impairments in our marketable securities portfolio were recognized during the years ended September 30, 2021, 2020, and 2019. 

- 
 - 

Indefinite-lived intangibles 
 
 - 
 - 

Goodwill 
 
 - 
 - 

Operating lease right-of-use assets 
 
 - 
 - 

Operating lease liabilities 
 
 - 
 - 

Asset held for sale 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Fair
 Value at Reporting Date Using 

September 30, 
 Quoted Prices in Active Markets for Identical
 Asset 
 Significant Other Observable Inputs 
 Significant Unobservable Inputs 
 
 Description 
 2020 
 (Level
 1) 
 (Level
 2) 
 (Level
 3) 
 
 Property and equipment 
 
 - 
 - 

Indefinite-lived intangibles 
 
 - 
 - 

Goodwill 
 
 - 
 - 

Operating lease right-of-use assets 
 
 - 
 - 

Operating lease liabilities 
 
 - 
 - 

Other assets (equity securities) 

- 
 - 

RCI
HOSPITALITY HOLDINGS, INC. 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

2.
Summary of Significant Accounting Policies - continued 

Unrealized
 Gain (Loss/Impairments) Recognized 

Years
 Ended September 30, 
 
 Description 
 2021 
 2020 
 2019 
 
 Goodwill 

Property
 and equipment, net (including held for sale) 

Indefinite-lived intangibles 

Operating lease right-of-use
 assets 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Other assets (equity securities) 

x
 (8x) 

Revenue/EBITDA
 growth rate 

- 

Weighted
 average cost of capital 

- 

Goodwill 
 
 Discounted
 cash flow 
 
 EBITDA
 multiple 
 
 x
 (8x) 

Revenue/EBITDA
 growth rate 

- 

Weighted
 average cost of capital 

- 

SOB
 licenses 
 
 Multiperiod
 excess earnings 
 
 EBITDA
 multiple 
 
 x
 (8x) 

Revenue/EBITDA
 growth rate 

- 

Weighted
 average cost of capital 

- 

Contributory
 asset charges rate 

- 

Tradename 
 
 Relief-from-royalty
 method 
 
 Revenue
 growth rate 

- 

Terminal
 multiple 
 
 x
 (8x) 

Weighted
 average cost of capital 

Operating
 lease right-of-use assets 
 
 Discounted
 cash flow 
 
 EBITDA
 growth rate 

- 

Weighted
 average cost of capital 

- 

RCI
HOSPITALITY HOLDINGS, INC. 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

million comprised of 
 million in goodwill, 
 million in SOB licenses, 
 in property and equipment, and 0
in operating lease right-of-use assets, with an additional 
 million of impairment recognized during the
year ended September 30, 2021 comprised of million in goodwill, million in SOB licenses, and million in
property and equipment, which included one property later reclassified as held for sale. 

RCI
HOSPITALITY HOLDINGS, INC. 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

- 

Sales of food and merchandise 

- 

Service revenues 

- 

Other revenues 

Recognized at a point in time 

Recognized over time 

Fiscal
 2020 

Nightclubs 
 Bombshells 
 Other 
 Total 
 
 Sales of alcoholic beverages 

- 

Sales of food and merchandise 

- 

Service revenues 

- 

Other revenues 

Recognized at a point in time 

Recognized over time 
 
 - 

Fiscal
 2019 

Nightclubs 
 Bombshells 
 Other 
 Total 
 
 Sales of alcoholic beverages 

- 

Sales of food and merchandise 

- 

Service revenues 

- 

Other revenues 

Recognized at a point in time 

Recognized over time 
 
 - 

Lease revenue (included in Other Revenues) is covered by ASC 842 in fiscal 2021 and 2020, and ASC 840
 in fiscal 2019. All other revenues are covered by ASC Topic 606. 

RCI
HOSPITALITY HOLDINGS, INC. 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

4.
Revenues - continued 

The
Company does not have contract assets with customers. The Company s unconditional right to consideration for goods and services
transferred to the customer is included in accounts receivable, net in our consolidated balance sheet. A reconciliation of contract liabilities
with customers, included in accrued liabilities in our consolidated balance sheets, is presented below (in thousands): 

Expo revenue 
 - 
 
 - 

Other (including franchise fees, see below) 

Contract
liabilities with customers are included in accrued liabilities as unearned revenues in our consolidated balance sheets (see also Note
5), while the revenues associated with these contract liabilities are included in other revenues in our consolidated statements of operations. 

On
December 22, 2020, the Company signed a franchise development agreement with a group of private investors to open three Bombshells locations
in San Antonio, Texas over a period of five years, and the right of first refusal for three more locations in Corpus Christi, New Braunfels,
and San Marcos, all in Texas. Upon execution of the agreement, the Company collected 
 in development fees representing 
of the initial franchise fee of the first restaurant and 
of the initial franchise fee of the second restaurant. 

Income tax refundable 

Insurance receivable 

ATM-in-transit 

Other (net of allowance for doubtful accounts of and , respectively) 

Total accounts receivable, net 

Notes
receivable consist primarily of secured promissory notes executed between the Company and various buyers of our businesses and assets
with interest rates ranging from 
to 
per annum and having original terms ranging from 
 to 
 years. 

Prepaid legal 

Prepaid taxes and licenses 

Prepaid rent 

Other 

Total prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Payroll and related costs 

Property taxes 

Sales and liquor taxes 

Interest 

Patron tax 

Lawsuit settlement 

Unearned revenues 

Other 

Accrued liabilities 

RCI
HOSPITALITY HOLDINGS, INC. 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

5.
Selected Account Information - continued 

Advertising and marketing 

Supplies and services 

Insurance 

Lease 

Legal 

Utilities 

Charge cards fees 

Security 

Accounting and professional fees 

Repairs and maintenance 

Other 

Selling, general and administrative expenses 

Settlement of lawsuits 

Gain on sale of businesses and assets 

Loss (gain) on insurance 

Other charges 

Equipment 

Leasehold improvements 

Furniture 

Total property and equipment 

Less accumulated depreciation 

Property and equipment, net 

Included
in buildings and leasehold improvements above are construction-in-progress amounting to 
 million and 
 as of September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively,
which are mostly related to Bombshells projects. 

Depreciation
expense was approximately million,
 million,
and million
for fiscal years 2021, 2020, and 2019, respectively. Impairment loss for property and equipment, including those later reclassified to
assets held for sale, was 
 million, ,
and million
for fiscal 2021, 2020, and 2019, respectively. 

RCI
HOSPITALITY HOLDINGS, INC. 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

million, which was later remeasured at lower of carrying value and net realizable value less cost to sell of 
 million. In May 2021, the Company sold one property
with a carrying value of 
 million for 
 million (see Note 15). 

The
Company expects the properties held for sale, which are primarily comprised of land and buildings, to be sold within 12 months through
property listings by our real estate brokers. 

As
of September 30, 2021, liabilities associated with held-for-sale assets amounted to million. Gains or losses on the sale of properties
held for sale are included in other charges (gains), net within the consolidated statements of operations (see Note 5). 

Licenses 

Tradename and domain name 

Indefinite Intangible
 Assets, Net, Total 

Amortization Period 

Definite useful lives: 

Discounted leases 
 years 

Non-compete agreements 
 years 

Software 
 years 

Distribution agreement 
 years 
 - 

Total goodwill and other intangible assets 

Acquisitions 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Impairment 
 - 

- 

Amortization 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 Ending balance 

As
of September 30, 2021 and 2020, the accumulated impairment balance of indefinite-lived intangibles was 
 million and 
 million, respectively, while the accumulated
impairment balance of goodwill was 
 million and 
 million, respectively. Future amortization expense
related to definite-lived intangible assets that are subject to amortization at September 30, 2021 is: 2022 - ;
2023 - ;
 2024 - ;
2025 - ;
2026 - ;
and thereafter - . 

Indefinite-lived
intangible assets consist of sexually oriented business licenses and tradenames, which were obtained as part of acquisitions.
These licenses are the result of zoning ordinances, thus are valid indefinitely, subject to filing annual renewal applications, which
are done at minimal costs to the Company. The discounted cash flow of the income approach method was used in calculating the value of
these licenses in a business combination, while the relief-from-royalty method was used in calculating the value of tradenames. During
the fiscal year ended September 30, 2021, the Company recognized a million impairment related to SOB licenses of three clubs and
a million related to goodwill of seven clubs. During the fiscal year ended September 30, 2020, the Company recognized a 
 million impairment related to two clubs 
SOB licenses and a 
 million impairment related to the goodwill of
seven reporting units (see Note 3). During the fiscal year ended September 30, 2019, the Company recognized a 
 impairment related to one club s SOB license
and a 
 million impairment related to the goodwill of
four reporting units. 

RCI
HOSPITALITY HOLDINGS, INC. 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Notes payable at , matures 
 (d)(1) 

Non-interest-bearing debts to State of Texas, mature , interest imputed at 
 (d)(2) 

Note payable at , matures , as amended 
 (a)(6ii)(7) 
 - 

Note payable at , matures , as amended 
 (a)(6iii)(7) 
 - 

Note payable at , matures , as amended 
 (d)(3)(25) 
 - 

Notes payable at , mature , as amended 
 (d)(4)(26) 
 - 

Note payable at ,
 matures , as amended 
 (b)(5)(23) 

Note payable at , matures 
 (b)(5) 

Note payable at , matures , as amended 
 (a)(6i)(7)(8)(9) 
 - 

Note payable at , matures , as amended 
 (c) (10) 

Note payable at , matures 
 (a)(12) 
 - 

Note payable at prime plus with a floor, matures , as amended 
 (a)(13) 
 - 

Note payable initially at prime plus with a floor, matures 
 (a)(13) 
 - 

Note payable at , matures 
 (a)(14) 
 - 

Note payable at , matures , as amended 
 (a)(11) 
 - 

Note payable at , matures , as amended 
 (d)(15)(24) 
 - 

Note payable at , matures 
 (a)(17) 

Note payable at , matures , as amended 
 (a)(16) 
 - 

Note payable at , matures , as amended 
 (a)(22) 
 - 

Note payable at , matures , as amended 
 (c)(21) 

Note payable at , matures 
 (b)(19) 
 - 

Note payable at , matures , as amended 
 (b)(20) 
 - 

Notes payable at , mature 
 (d)(18) 
 - 

Note payable at , matures 
 (b)(20) 
 - 

Note payable at , matures 
 (a)(28) 
 
 - 
 
 Note payable at , matures 
 (a)(29) 
 
 - 
 
 Paycheck Protection Program loans at , matures 
 (d)(27) 

Total debt 

Less unamortized debt discount and issuance costs 

Less current portion 

Total long-term portion of debt, net 

RCI
HOSPITALITY HOLDINGS, INC. 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

9.
Debt - continued 

(b) Secured by stock in subsidiary 

(c) Secured by other assets 

(d) Unsecured 

(1)
In connection with the acquisition of Silver City in January 2012, the Company executed notes to the seller in the amount of million.
 at per month including interest and have an adjustable interest rate of . The rate
adjusts to prime plus in the 61st month, not to exceed 9 . In the same transaction, the Company also acquired the related real estate
and executed notes to the seller for million, which have been paid off in relation to the December 2017 Refinancing Loan, as discussed
below. The notes are also payable over at per month including interest and have the same adjustable interest rate
of . 

(2)
In 2015, the Company reached a settlement with the State of Texas over payment of the state s Patron Tax on adult club customers.
To resolve the issue of taxes owed, the Company agreed to pay million in equal monthly installments of , without interest,
over 84 months, beginning in June 2015, for all but two nonsettled locations. For accounting purposes, the Company has discounted the
 million at an imputed interest rate of , establishing a net present value for the settlement of million. In March 2017,
the Company settled with the State of Texas for one of the two remaining unsettled Patron Tax locations. The Company agreed to pay a
total of with paid at the time the settlement agreement was executed followed by equal monthly installments of 
without interest. In March 2017, the present value of the second note was approximately after discounting using an imputed interest
rate of . Going forward, the Company agreed to remit the Patron Tax on a regular basis, based on the current rate of per customer. 

(3)
On October 5, 2016, the Company refinanced 
 million of long-term debt by borrowing 
 million. The new unsecured debt is payable 
 per month, including interest at ,
and matures in with
a balloon payment for the remaining balance at maturity. This note was partially paid in relation to the first note of the December
2017 Refinancing Loan, as discussed below. Also refer to the February 20, 2020 loan restructuring below. This note was paid off entirely
on September 30, 2021. 

(4)
On May 1, 2017, the Company raised million through the issuance of unsecured promissory notes to certain investors, which notes
mature on . The notes pay interest-only in equal monthly installments, with a lump sum principal payment at maturity. On August
15, 2018 and September 26, 2018, the Company refinanced million and of the notes, respectively. The million note was
exchanged for a million note maturing in with interest-only payments until maturity, where the full principal is
to be paid. The note was exchanged for a million note maturing in years with monthly payments of , including
interest. On November 1, 2018, the Company refinanced two notes with a total principal of with certain investors. See succeeding
paragraph related to November 1, 2018 financing below. Included in the balance of long-term debt as of September 30, 2020 is
a note, that is a part of the May 1, 2017 financing, borrowed from a non-officer employee in which the terms of the note are
the same as the rest of the lender group. Refer to May 1, 2020 extension below. These notes were paid off on September 30, 2021. 

(5)
On May 8, 2017, in relation to the Scarlett s acquisition (see Note 15), the Company executed two promissory notes with the sellers:
(i) a 
short-term note for 
 million payable in lump sum after six months
from closing date and (ii) a 12-year amortizing 
note for 
 million. The -year
note is payable 
 per month, including interest. The Company has
amended the 
 million short-term note payable several times,
which has a remaining balance of 
 million, extending the maturity date and increasing
the interest rate. Presently, the maturity date is and the interest rate is
 
for its remaining term. Refer to December 2019 amendment below. 

RCI
HOSPITALITY HOLDINGS, INC. 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

9.
Debt - continued 

(6)
On December 14, 2017, the Company entered into a loan agreement December 2017 Refinancing Loan with a bank for 
 million. The December 2017 Refinancing Loan fully
refinanced 20 of the Company s notes payable and partially paid down 1 note payable (collectively, Repaid Notes with interest rates ranging from 
to 
covering 43 parcels of real properties the Company previously acquired Properties ). The December 2017 Refinancing Loan
consisted of three promissory notes: 

i) 
 The
 first note amounted to 
 million with a term of 
 years at a 
 fixed interest rate for the , then repriced one time at the
 then current U.S. Treasury rate plus ,
 with a floor rate of ,
 and payable in monthly installments of ,
 based upon a -year
 amortization period, with the balance payable at maturity; 

ii) 
 The
 second note amounted to 
 million with a term of 
 years at a 
 fixed interest rate , after which to be repriced at
 a fixed interest rate of 
 until the fifth anniversary of this note, and then to be repriced again at the then interest rate of the first note. This note was
 payable 
 monthly for principal and interest until
 July 2020, based upon a -year
 amortization period, after which the monthly payment for principal and interest was adjusted accordingly based on the repricing,
 with the balance payable at maturity; and 

iii) 
 The
 third note amounted to million
 with a term of years
 at a 
 fixed interest rate , after which to be repriced at 
 until the fifth anniversary of this note, and then to be repriced again at the then interest of the first note. This note was payable
 monthly
 for principal and interest until August 2021, based upon a -year
 amortization period, after which the monthly payment for principal and interest is adjusted accordingly based on the repricing, with
 the balance payable at maturity. 

(7)
In addition to the monthly principal and interest payments as provided above, ,
applied to the first note, until the loan-to-value ratio of the Properties, based upon reduced principal balance of the December 2017
Refinancing Loan and the then current value of the Properties, is not greater than 65 . The loan-to-value ratio of the Properties fell
below 65 in October 2019, hence, we stopped paying the additional 250,000 monthly. The
December 2017 Refinancing Loan eliminated balloon payments of the Repaid Notes worth 
 million originally scheduled in fiscal 2018,
 
 million originally scheduled in fiscal 2020 and
 
 million originally scheduled in fiscal 2021.
There were certain financial covenants with which the Company must be in compliance related to this financing. All three notes in the preceding paragraph were
refinanced as part of the September 2021 Refinancing Note (see below). 

RCI
HOSPITALITY HOLDINGS, INC. 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

9.
Debt - continued 

(8)
In connection with the Repaid Notes, we wrote off of unamortized debt issuance costs to interest expense. Prior to September
30, 2017, the Company paid a portion of debt issuance costs amounting to , which was included in other assets until the closing
of the transaction. At closing, the Company paid an additional in debt issuance costs, which together with the prepayment
will be amortized for the term of the loan using the effective interest rate method. We also paid prepayment penalties amounting to 
on the Repaid Notes, which was included in interest expense in our consolidated statement of operations for the year ended September
30, 2018. 

(9)
Included in the million first note of the December 2017 Refinancing Loan was million that was escrowed at closing due to the
bank lender of one of the Repaid Notes. The amount was released from escrow in June 2018 when the construction, for which the original
note was borrowed, was completed. In March and August 2020, certain principal and interest payments for the three notes of the December
2017 Refinancing Loan were deferred to their maturity dates. 

(10)
On December 7, 2017, the Company borrowed million from a lender to purchase an aircraft at interest. The transaction was partly
funded by trading in an aircraft that the Company owned with a carrying value of million, with an assumption of the old aircraft s
note payable liability of million. The aircraft note is payable in years with monthly payments of , which includes interest.
In March 2020, this loan was extended to . 

(11)
On February 15, 2018, the Company borrowed million
from a bank for the purchase of land at a cost of million
with the difference paid by the Company in cash. The bank note bore interest at 
adjusted after to
prime plus 
with a floor of 
and matures on . The bank note was payable
interest-only during the first 18 months, after which monthly payments of principal and interest were to be made based on a -year
amortization with the remaining balance to be paid at maturity. On August 28, 2018, this note was refinanced for an
additional construction loan having a maximum availability of million.
The new note had an initial interest rate of ,
subject to a repricing after months
to prime plus 
with a 
floor. The note was payable per
month, including interest, for , then adjusted based on repriced
interest rate until its maturity. In May 2020, certain
principal and interest payments for this note were deferred to its maturity date. This note was paid off in relation to the
September 2021 Refinancing Note. 

(12)
On February 20, 2018, the Company refinanced a bank note with a balance of 
 million, bearing interest of 
over prime with a 
floor, with the same bank for a construction loan with maximum availability of 
 million. The construction loan agreement bore
an interest rate of prime plus 
with a floor of 
and was to mature on . -year
amortization with the remaining balance to be paid at maturity .
There are certain financial covenants with which the Company was to be in compliance related to this financing. This note was
paid off in relation to the September 2021 Refinancing Note. 

(13)
On April 24, 2018, the Company acquired certain land for future development of a Bombshells in Houston, Texas for 
 million, financed with a bank note for 
 million, payable interest only at prime plus
 
with a floor of 
per annum. The note was to mature in months,
by which date the principal was to be payable in full. In March and July 2020, in view of the pandemic, the bank lender and the
Company agreed to defer the maturity of this note to October 2020. In September 2020, they further negotiated to refinance the note with
a deferral of maturity to September 2035 with monthly amortization payments of ,
including interest. On September 17, 2018, the Company and the bank lender agreed to carve out a portion of the loan that relates to
the land where the Bombshells location is to be built amounting to ,
and added a construction loan with a maximum availability of 
 million. The new 
 million construction loan had an interest
rate of prime plus ,
with a 
floor, and payable in 
 years. The first 24 months were to be
interest-only payments, after which monthly payments of principal and interest were to be made based on a -year
amortization. There were certain financial covenants with which the Company was to be in compliance related to this financing.
These notes were paid off in relation to the September 2021 Refinancing Note. 

(14)
On May 25, 2018, the Company acquired a club in Kappa, Illinois for 
 million, financed by a 
 million seller note with interest at .
The note was to mature in and was payable in monthly installments
of ,
including interest, based on a 
 amortization with the remaining balance to be
paid at maturity. This note was fully paid in May 2021. 

RCI
HOSPITALITY HOLDINGS, INC. 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

9.
Debt - continued 

(15)
On August 15, 2018, the Company refinanced a million note payable for million from a private lender by executing a -year
note payable monthly starting September 15, 2018, with the remaining principal and interest balance payable at maturity. See
February 20, 2020 extension below. This note was paid off on September 30, 2021. 

(16)
On September 6, 2018, the Company borrowed million
from a bank lender to finance the acquisition of the remaining not-owned interest in a joint venture. -year
note payable had an initial interest rate of 
until after five years when the interest rate is adjusted to the U.S. Treasury rate plus ,
with a 
floor. Monthly payments of ,
including interest, were due for five years until an adjustment in monthly payments based on the interest rate repricing. The
Company paid approximately in
debt issuance costs at closing. In March and August 2020, certain principal and interest payments for this note were deferred to its
maturity date. There were certain financial covenants with which the Company was to be in compliance related to this note.
This note was paid off in relation to the September 2021 Refinancing Note. 

(17)
On September 26, 2018, the Company refinanced a note payable for million from a private lender by executing a -year
note payable monthly, including interest, until maturity. 

(18)
On November 1, 2018, the Company raised 
 million through the issuance of 
unsecured promissory notes to certain investors, which notes were to mature on . The notes paid interest-only
in equal monthly installments, with a lump sum principal payment at maturity. Among the promissory notes were two notes with a
principal of 
 and .
The 
 note was in exchange for a 
 12 note and the 
 note was in exchange for a 
 note, both of which were included in the May
1, 2017 financing to acquire Scarlett s Cabaret in Miami. Also included in the 
 million borrowing are two notes for 
 and 
 borrowed from related parties (see Note 18) and
one note for 
 borrowed from a non-officer employee in which
the terms of the notes are the same as the rest of the lender group. These notes were paid off in relation to the September 2021 Refinancing
Note. 

(19)
On November 1, 2018, we acquired a club in Chicago that was partially financed by a million -year seller note. See additional
details related to the acquisition in Note 15. This note was paid off in relation to the September 2021 Refinancing Note. 

(20)
On November 5, 2018, we acquired a club in Pittsburgh that was partially financed by two seller notes payable. The first note is a -year
 
note for 
 million and the second is a -year
 
note for 
 million. See additional details related to the
acquisition in Note 15. On September 30, 2020, the maturity date for the first note was .
The second note was paid off in relation to the September 2021 Refinancing Note. 

(21)
On December 11, 2018, the Company purchased an aircraft for 
 million with a 
 down payment and financed for the remaining
 million
with a 
 of
 ,
including interest. Certain principal and interest payments during the quarter ended June 30, 2020 were deferred until maturity date.

(22)
On February 8, 2019, the Company refinanced a one-year bank note with a balance of 
 million, bearing an interest rate of ,
with a construction loan with another bank, which had an interest rate of 
adjusted after five years to prime plus 
with a 
floor per annum. The new construction loan, which had a maximum availability of 
 million, was to mature in 252 months from
closing date and was payable interest-only for the first 12 months, then principal and interest of 
 
 The Company paid approximately 
 in loan costs of which approximately 
 was capitalized as debt issuance costs on the
new construction loan with the remaining charged to interest expense. The Company also wrote off the remaining unamortized debt issuance
costs of the old bank note to interest expense. There were certain financial covenants with which the Company was to be
in compliance related to this financing. In March 2020, certain principal and interest payments for this note were deferred to its maturity
date. This note was paid off in relation to the September 2021 Refinancing Note. 

(23)
In December 2019, the Company amended the million short-term note payable related to the Scarlett s acquisition in May 2017,
which had a balance of million as of the amendment date, The amendment did not have
an impact in the Company s results of operations and cash flows. 

(24)
On February 20, 2020, in relation to a 
 million 
note payable earlier refinanced on August 15, 2018, 
10-year note payable 
 monthly, including interest, starting March 2020.
The restructured note eliminated a scheduled balloon principal payment of 
 million in August 2021. The refinancing did not
have an impact on the Company s results of operations and cash flows. This note was paid off in relation to the September 2021
Refinancing Note. 

(25)
On February 20, 2020, in relation to a 
 million 
note payable that was partially paid during the December 2017 Refinancing Loan, the Company restructured the note, which had a balance
of 
 million as of the amendment date, 
 monthly, including interest, starting March 2020.
The restructured note eliminated a scheduled balloon principal payment of 
 million in October 2021. As a result of the refinancing,
the Company wrote off approximately 
 in unamortized debt issuance cost as interest
expense in our consolidated statement of operations for the year ended September 30, 2020. This note was paid off in relation
to the September 2021 Refinancing Note. 

(26)
On May 1, 2020, the Company negotiated extensions to November 1, 2020 on 
 of 
 of notes to individuals that were . The Company paid 
 to certain lenders and received 
 in new debt from existing lenders and their affiliates.
The aggregate amount of debt due on these notes was then .
On October 31, 2020, the Company negotiated on 
 of the 
 that were due on November 1, 2020. The Company
paid 250,000 to a certain lender who only extended a portion of his original note. The remaining balance of these notes were paid off
in relation to the September 2021 Refinancing Note. 

(27)
On May 8, 2020, the Company received approval and funding under the PPP of the CARES Act for its restaurants, shared service entity and
lounge amounting to 
 million. If not forgiven, under the terms of
the loans as provided by the CARES Act, the twelve PPP loans bear an interest rate of 
per annum. As of September 30, 2021, we have received eleven Notices of PPP Forgiveness Payment from the Small Business
Administration out of the twelve of our PPP loans granted. All of those notices received forgave 100 of each of the eleven
PPP loans totaling the amount of 5.3 million in principal and interest. In November 2021, we received a partial forgiveness
of the remaining 
 PPP loan for 
 in principal and interest. The remaining
unforgiven portion of approximately in principal will be repaid as debt plus accrued interest. 
See Notes 3 and 10. 

RCI
HOSPITALITY HOLDINGS, INC. 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

9.
Debt continued 

(28)
On January 25, 2021, the Company borrowed million from a bank lender by executing a -year promissory note with an initial interest
rate of per annum. The note is payable per month for the first after which the interest rate will be repriced
at the then-current prime rate plus per annum, with a floor rate of . The Company paid approximately in debt issuance
costs at closing. See Note 15. 

(29)
On September 30, 2021, we entered into a 
 million term loan refinancing 
 million of existing bank and seller-financed
real estate debt and to provide 
 million in cash that will be used to pay off
existing high-interest unsecured debt September 2021 Refinancing Note ), enabling those creditors to provide financing
for the acquisition of 11 clubs and related real estate (see Note 15). The 
 million note has a term of 
 years with an initial interest rate of 
per annum for the first , then adjusted to a rate equal to the then
weekly average yield of U.S. Treasury Securities plus 350 basis points, with a floor rate of .
The note is payable in monthly payments of principal and interest of ,
based on a -year
amortization period, with the balance paid at maturity. In connection with the transaction, we wrote off to interest expense approximately
 
 of unamortized debt issuance costs related to
the paid-off debts. We also paid approximately 
 million in loan costs, approximately 
 of which is capitalized and will be amortized
together with the remaining unamortized debt issuance costs of some of the existing refinanced debts for the term of the new note using
the effective interest method. 

- 

2023 

2024 
 
 - 

2025 
 
 - 

2026 
 
 - 

Thereafter 

Total
 maturities of long-term debt, net of debt discount 
 60,843 
 65,953 
 126,796 

(30)
 On October 12, 2021, we closed a debt financing transaction with 28
investors for unsecured promissory notes with a total principal amount of 
 million, all of which bear interest at a rate
of 
per annum. Of this amount, 
 million are promissory notes, payable interest
only monthly (or quarterly) in arrears, with a final lump sum payment of principal and accrued and unpaid interest due on . The remaining amount of the financing
is 
 million in promissory notes, payable in monthly
payments of principal and interest based on a -year
amortization period, with the balance of the entire principal amount together with all accrued and unpaid interest due and payable in
full on . Included in the 
 million borrowing are two notes for 
 and 
 borrowed from related parties (see Note
18) and two notes for 
 and 
 borrowed from two non-officer employees
in which the terms of the notes are the same as the rest of the lender group. 

(31)
 On October 18, 2021, in relation to an acquisition (see Note 15),
the Company executed four seller-financed promissory notes. The first promissory note was a -year million note
payable in of in principal and interest. The second promissory note was a -year million 
note payable in of in principal and interest. The third promissory note was a -year
 million
 
note payable in monthly payments of in principal and interest based on a -year
amortization period, with the balance payable at maturity date. The fourth note was a -year
 
 million 
note payable in of in principal and interest. 

(32) On
November 8, 2021, in relation to an acquisition (see Note 15), the Company executed a 
 million -year
promissory note with an interest rate of 
per annum. The note is payable per
month, including principal and interest. 

State and local 

Total current income tax expense 

Deferred 

Federal 

State and local 

Total deferred income tax expense (benefit) 

Total income tax expense (benefit) 

The
Company and its subsidiaries do not operate in tax jurisdictions outside of the United States. 

RCI
HOSPITALITY HOLDINGS, INC. 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

10.
Income Taxes - continued 

State income taxes, net of federal benefit 

Permanent differences 

Change in state tax rate 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 Change in valuation allowance 

- 
 
 Tax credits 

Other 

Total income tax expense (benefit) 

Capital loss carryforwards 

Net operating loss carryforwards 
 
 - 
 
 Other 

Valuation allowance 

Net
 deferred tax assets 

Deferred tax liabilities: 

Intangibles 

Property and equipment 

Deferred
 tax liabilities 

Net
 deferred tax liability 

Included
in the Company s deferred tax liabilities at September 30, 2021 and 2020 is the tax effect of indefinite-lived intangible assets
from club acquisitions amounting to approximately 
 million and 
 million, respectively, which are not deductible
for tax purposes. These deferred tax liabilities will remain in the Company s consolidated balance sheet until the related clubs
are sold or impaired. 

The
Company may recognize the tax benefit from uncertain tax positions only if it is at least more likely than not that the tax position
will be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities, based on the technical merits of the position. The tax benefits recognized
in the financial statements from such a position should be measured based on the largest benefit that has a greater than fifty percent
likelihood of being realized upon settlement with the taxing authorities. We recognize accrued interest related to unrecognized tax benefits
as a component of accrued liabilities. We recognize penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as a component of selling, general
and administrative expenses, and recognize interest accrued related to unrecognized tax benefits in interest expense. In fiscal 2019,
the Company released the remaining amount accrued when the examination was closed. 

RCI
HOSPITALITY HOLDINGS, INC. 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

10.
Income Taxes - continued 

Additions for tax positions of prior years 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Decrease related to settlements with taxing authorities 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Reduction due to lapse from closed examination 
 - 
 - 

Balance at end of year 
 - 
 - 
 - 

The
full balance of uncertain tax positions, if recognized, would affect the Company s annual effective tax rate, net of any federal
tax benefits. The Company does not expect any changes that will significantly impact its uncertain tax positions within the next twelve
months. 

The Company or one of its
subsidiaries files income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction, and various states. The Company s federal income tax returns
for the years ended September 30, 2013 through 2017 have been examined by the Internal Revenue Service IRS with
no changes. The Company ordinarily goes through various federal and state reviews and examinations for various tax matters.
Fiscal year ended September 30, 2018 and subsequent years remain open to federal tax examination. The Company is also being examined
for state income taxes, the outcome of which may occur within the next twelve months. 

On March 27, 2020,
former President Trump signed the CARES Act into law. As a result of this, additional avenues of relief may be available to workers
and families through enhanced unemployment insurance provisions and to small businesses through programs administered by the Small
Business Administration. The CARES Act includes, among other items, provisions relating to payroll tax credits and deferrals, net
operating loss carryback periods, alternative minimum tax credits and technical corrections to tax depreciation methods for
qualified improvement property. The CARES Act
also established a Paycheck Protection Program, whereby certain small businesses are eligible for a loan to fund payroll expenses,
rent, and related costs. The loan may be forgiven if the funds are used for payroll and other qualified expenses. The Company has
submitted its application for a PPP loan and on May 8, 2020 has received approval and funding for its restaurants, shared service
entity and lounge. Ten of our restaurant subsidiaries received amounts ranging from to
 for
an aggregate amount of million;
our shared-services subsidiary received million;
and one of our lounges received 124,000. None of our adult nightclub and other non-core business subsidiaries received funding
under the PPP. The Company believes it has used the entire loan amount for qualifying expenses. Under the terms of the PPP, certain
amounts of the loan may be forgiven if they are used for qualifying expenses as described in the CARES Act. The Company has
currently utilized all of the PPP funds and has submitted its forgiveness applications. During fiscal 2021, we received 11 Notices
of PPP Forgiveness Payment from the Small Business Administration out of the 12 of our PPP loans granted. in principal and
interest and were included in non-operating gains (losses), net in our consolidated statement of operations for the fiscal year
ended September 30, 2021. In November 2021, we received a partial forgiveness of the remaining PPP
loan for in
principal and interest. The remaining unforgiven portion of approximately in principal will be repaid as debt plus accrued
interest. See Note 3. 

million in equal monthly installments of , without interest,
over 84 months, beginning in June 2015, for all but two non-settled locations. The Company agreed to remit the Patron Tax on a monthly
basis, based on the current rate of per customer. For accounting purposes, the Company has discounted the million at an imputed
interest rate of , establishing a net present value for the settlement of million. As a consequence, the Company recorded an
 million pre-tax gain for the third quarter ended June 30, 2015, representing the difference between the million and the amount
previously accrued for the tax. 

In
March 2017, the Company settled with the State of Texas for one of the two remaining unsettled Patron Tax locations. To resolve the issue
of taxes owed, the Company agreed to pay a total of with paid at the time the settlement agreement was executed followed
by 60 equal monthly installments of without interest. 

The
aggregate balance of Patron Tax settlement liability, which is included in long-term debt in the consolidated balance sheets, amounted
to approximately and million as of September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

A
declaratory judgment action was brought by five operating subsidiaries of the Company to challenge a Texas Comptroller administrative
rule related to the per customer Patron Tax Fee assessed against Sexually Oriented Businesses. An administrative rule attempted to
expand the fee to cover venues featuring dancers using latex cover as well as traditional nude entertainment. The administrative rule
was challenged on both constitutional and statutory grounds. On November 19, 2018, the Court issued an order that a key aspect of the
administrative rule is invalid based on it exceeding the scope of the Comptroller s authority. On March 6, 2020, the U.S. District
Court for the Western District of Texas, Austin Division, ruled that the Texas Patron Tax is unconstitutional as it has been applied
and enforced by the Comptroller. The State of Texas has filed an appeal. We will continue to vigorously defend the matter through the
appeals process. 

RCI
HOSPITALITY HOLDINGS, INC. 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Legal
Matters continued 

Indemnity
Insurance Corporation 

As
previously reported, the Company and its subsidiaries were insured under a liability policy issued by Indemnity Insurance Corporation,
RRG IIC through October 25, 2013. The Company and its subsidiaries changed insurance companies on that date. 

On
November 7, 2013, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware entered a Rehabilitation and Injunction Order Rehabilitation
Order ), which declared IIC impaired, insolvent and in an unsafe condition and placed IIC under the supervision of the Insurance
Commissioner of the State of Delaware Commissioner in her capacity as receiver Receiver ). The Rehabilitation
Order empowered the Commissioner to rehabilitate IIC through a variety of means, including gathering assets and marshaling those assets
as necessary. Further, the order stayed or abated pending lawsuits involving IIC as the insurer until May 6, 2014. 

On
April 10, 2014, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware entered a Liquidation and Injunction Order With Bar Date Liquidation
Order ), which ordered the liquidation of IIC and terminated all insurance policies or contracts of insurance issued by IIC. The
Liquidation Order further ordered that all claims against IIC must have been filed with the Receiver before the close of business on
January 16, 2015 and that all pending lawsuits involving IIC as the insurer were further stayed or abated until October 7, 2014. As a
result, the Company and its subsidiaries no longer have insurance coverage under the liability policy with IIC. The Company has retained
counsel to defend against and evaluate these claims and lawsuits. We are funding 
of the costs of litigation and will seek reimbursement from the bankruptcy receiver. The Company filed the appropriate claims against
IIC with the Receiver before the January 16, 2015 deadline and has provided updates as requested; however, there are no assurances of
any recovery from these claims. It is unknown at this time what effect this uncertainty will have on the Company. As previously stated,
since October 25, 2013, the Company has obtained general liability coverage from other insurers, which have covered and/or will cover
any claims arising from actions after that date. As of September 30, 2021, we had 2 remaining unresolved claims out of
the original 71 claims. One of the two remaining claims was settled in November 2021. 

Shareholder
Class and Derivative Actions 

In
May and June 2019, three putative securities class action complaints were filed against RCI Hospitality Holdings, Inc. and certain of
its officers in the Southern District of Texas, Houston Division. The complaints allege violations of Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 10b-5 promulgated thereunder based on alleged materially false and misleading statements made in
the Company s SEC filings and disclosures as they relate to various alleged transactions by the Company and management. The complaints
seek unspecified damages, costs, and attorneys fees. These lawsuits are Hoffman v. RCI Hospitality Holdings, Inc., et al. 
(filed May 21, 2019, naming the Company and Eric Langan); Gu v. RCI Hospitality Holdings, Inc., et al. (filed May 28, 2019, naming
the Company, Eric Langan, and Phil Marshall (who is no longer an officer of the Company)); and Grossman v. RCI Hospitality Holdings,
Inc., et al. (filed June 28, 2019, naming the Company, Eric Langan, and Phil Marshall). The plaintiffs in all three cases moved to
consolidate the purported class actions. On January 10, 2020 an order consolidating the Hoffman , Grossman , and Gu cases
was entered by the Court. The consolidated case is styled In re RCI Hospitality Holdings, Inc. , No. 4:19-cv-01841. On February
24, 2020, the plaintiffs in the consolidated case filed an Amended Class Action Complaint, continuing to allege violations of Sections
10(b) and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 10b-5 promulgated thereunder. In addition to naming the Company, Eric Langan,
and Phil Marshall, the amended complaint also adds former directors Nourdean Anakar and Steven Jenkins
as defendants. On April 24, 2020, the Company and the individual defendants moved to dismiss the amended complaint for failure to state
a claim upon which relief can be granted. On March 31, 2021, the court denied defendants motion to dismiss the lawsuit. On April
14, 2021, defendants filed their answer and affirmative defenses, denying liability as to all claims. On June 14, 2021, a scheduling
order was entered in the case, setting January 9, 2023 as the trial date. The Company intends to continue to vigorously defend against
this action. This action is in its preliminary phase, and a potential loss cannot yet be estimated. 

On
August 16, 2019, a shareholder derivative action was filed in the Southern District of Texas, Houston Division against officers and directors
Eric S. Langan, Phillip Marshall, Nourdean Anakar (who is no longer a director), Yura Barabash, Luke Lirot, Travis Reese, former
director Steven Jenkins, and RCI Hospitality Holdings, Inc., as nominal defendant. The action, styled Cecere v. Langan, et al. ,
4:19-cv-03080, alleged that the individual officers and directors made or caused the Company to make a series of materially false and/or
misleading statements and omissions regarding the Company s business, operations, prospects, and legal compliance and engaged in
or caused the Company to engage in, inter alia, related party transactions, questionable uses of corporate assets, and failure to maintain
internal controls. The action asserted claims for breach of fiduciary duty, unjust enrichment, abuse of control, gross mismanagement,
waste of corporate assets, and violations of Sections 14(a), 10(b) and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. The complaint sought
injunctive relief, damages, restitution, costs, and attorneys fees. On June 1, 2021, the Company and the individual defendants
moved to dismiss the lawsuit based on the plaintiff s failure to make a pre-suit demand prior to filing of the derivative action,
as is required under Texas law. In response, the plaintiff filed a motion to voluntarily dismiss his claims. On June 21, 2021, the court
granted that motion and entered an order dismissing this lawsuit in its entirety, without prejudice. 

RCI
HOSPITALITY HOLDINGS, INC. 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Legal
Matters continued 

Other 

On
March 26, 2016, an image infringement lawsuit was filed in federal court in the Southern District of New York against the Company and
several of its subsidiaries. Plaintiffs allege that their images were misappropriated, intentionally altered and published without their
consent by clubs affiliated with the Company. The causes of action asserted in Plaintiffs Complaint include alleged violations
of the Federal Lanham Act, the New York Civil Rights Act, and other statutory and common law theories. The Company contends that there
is insurance coverage under an applicable insurance policy. The insurer has raised several issues regarding coverage under the policy.
At this time, this disagreement remains unresolved. The Company has denied all allegations, continues to vigorously defend against the
lawsuit and continues to believe the matter is covered by insurance. 

The
Company was sued by a commercial landlord in the 333rd Judicial District Court of Harris County, Texas for a Houston Bombshells which
was under renovation in 2015. The Plaintiff alleged RCI Hospitality Holdings, Inc. s subsidiary, BMB Dining Services (Willowbrook),
Inc., breached a lease agreement by constructing an outdoor patio, which allegedly interfered with the common areas of the shopping center,
and failed to provide Plaintiff with proposed plans before beginning construction. Plaintiff asserted RCI Hospitality Holdings, Inc.
was also liable as the guarantor of the lease. The lease was for a Bombshells restaurant to be opened in the Willowbrook Shopping Center
in Houston, Texas. Both RCI Hospitality Holdings, Inc. and BMB Dining Services (Willowbrook), Inc. denied liability and asserted that
Plaintiff failed to mitigate its claimed damages. Further, BMB Dining Services (Willowbrook), Inc. asserted that Plaintiff affirmatively
represented that construction of the patio was permitted under the lease and accordingly, pursued counter claims against Plaintiff and
Plaintiff s manager for breach of the parties agreement. The case was tried to a jury in late September 2018 and an adverse
judgment was entered in January 2019 in an amount totaling more than 
 million, including damages, costs, attorney fees,
and interest. The matter was appealed to the Court of Appeals for the First District of Texas. The appeal process required that funds
be deposited in the registry of the court in the amount of ,
which was deposited in April 2019 and is included in other current assets in the consolidated balance sheet as of September 30, 2020.
On June 3, 2021, the Court of Appeals affirmed the lower court s judgment in the case. A motion to reconsider this decision was
denied. This matter was subsequently settled for 
 million in exchange for a full and complete release
of all claims. The settlement funds are comprised of the funds on deposit in the court registry, which total 
 with interest, and a wire transfer of the remaining
 .
This settlement will fully resolve this matter. 

RCI
HOSPITALITY HOLDINGS, INC. 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Legal
Matters continued 

On
June 23, 2014, Mark H. Dupray and Ashlee Dupray filed a lawsuit against Pedro Antonio Panameno and our subsidiary JAI Dining Services
(Phoenix) Inc. JAI Phoenix in the Superior Court of Arizona for Maricopa County. The suit alleged that Mr. Panameno injured
Mr. Dupray in a traffic accident after being served alcohol at an establishment operated by JAI Phoenix. The suit alleged that JAI Phoenix
was liable under theories of common law dram shop negligence and dram shop negligence per se. After a jury trial proceeded to a verdict
in favor of the plaintiffs against both defendants, in April 2017 the Court entered a judgment under which JAI Phoenix s share
of compensatory damages is approximately million and its share of punitive damages is million. In May 2017, JAI Phoenix filed
a motion for judgment as a matter of law or, in the alternative, motion for new trial. The Court denied this motion in August 2017. In
September 2017, JAI Phoenix filed a notice of appeal. In June 2018, the matter was heard by the Arizona Court of Appeals. On November
15, 2018 the Court of Appeals vacated the jury s verdict and remanded the case to the trial court. It is anticipated that a new
trial will occur at some point in the future. JAI Phoenix will continue to vigorously defend itself. 

As
set forth in the risk factors as disclosed in this report, the adult entertainment industry standard is to classify adult entertainers
as independent contractors, not employees. While we take steps to ensure that our adult entertainers are deemed independent contractors,
from time to time, we are named in lawsuits related to the alleged misclassification of entertainers. Claims are brought under both federal
and where applicable, state law. Based on the industry standard, the manner in which the independent contractor entertainers are treated
at the clubs, and the entertainer license agreements governing the entertainer s work at the clubs, the Company believes that these
lawsuits are without merit. Lawsuits are handled by attorneys with an expertise in the relevant law and are defended vigorously. 

General 

In
the regular course of business affairs and operations, we are subject to possible loss contingencies arising from third-party litigation
and federal, state, and local environmental, labor, health and safety laws and regulations. We assess the probability that we could incur
liability in connection with certain of these lawsuits. Our assessments are made in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles,
as codified in ASC 450-20, and is not an admission of any liability on the part of the Company or any of its subsidiaries. In certain
cases that are in the early stages and in light of the uncertainties surrounding them, we do not currently possess sufficient information
to determine a range of reasonably possible liability. In matters where there is insurance coverage, in the event we incur any liability,
we believe it is unlikely we would incur losses in connection with these claims in excess of our insurance coverage. 

Settlement
of lawsuits for the years ended September 30, 2021, 2020, and 2019 total million, , and , respectively. As of September
30, 2021 and 2020, the Company has accrued and in accrued liabilities, respectively, related to settlement of lawsuits. 

RCI
HOSPITALITY HOLDINGS, INC. 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

shares of its own common stock at a cost of million. These shares were subsequently retired. 

The
 Company paid quarterly dividends of per share, except for the fourth quarter when per share was paid, for an aggregate
 amount of million. 

During
the year ended September 30, 2020, the following common stock transactions occurred: 

The
 Company acquired shares of its own common stock at a cost of million. These shares were subsequently retired. 

The
 Company paid quarterly dividends of per share, except for the second and fourth quarters when per share was paid, for
 an aggregate amount of million. 

During
the year ended September 30, 2021, the following common stock transactions occurred: 

The
 Company acquired shares of its own common stock at a cost of million. These shares were subsequently retired. 

The
 Company paid quarterly dividends of per share for an aggregate amount of million. 

On October 18, 2021, we partially paid for an
acquisition using shares of our common stock. See Note 15. 

of the employee s salary. Expenses related to matching contributions to the Plan approximated , , and 
for the years ended September 30, 2021, 2020, and 2019, respectively. 

Consolidated statements of operations loss (gain) 

Business interruption 
 Other charges, net 
 - 

Property 
 Other charges, net 

Consolidated statements of cash flows 

Proceeds from business interruption insurance claims 
 Operating activity 

Proceeds from property insurance claims 
 Investing activity 

The
net property insurance gain/loss amount in fiscal 2021, 2020, and 2019 was net of assets written off and expenses amounting to ,
 , and , respectively. 

74 

RCI
HOSPITALITY HOLDINGS, INC. 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

million with million cash paid at closing and the
 million in a 6-year seller-financed note with interest at . The Company paid approximately in acquisition-related costs
for this transaction, which is included in selling, general and administrative expenses in our consolidated statement of operations.
In fiscal 2019, the club generated revenue of approximately million since acquisition date. In relation to this acquisition, on
September 25, 2018, the Company borrowed million through a credit facility with a bank lender. The loan has a fixed interest
rate with a maturity date in . The loan was fully paid as of June 30, 2019. Goodwill and SOB license for the Chicago acquisition
are not amortized but are tested at least annually for impairment. Goodwill recognized for this transaction is not deductible for tax
purposes. 

Inventory 

Furniture and equipment 

Noncompete 

SOB license 

Goodwill 

Deferred tax liability 

Net assets 

On
November 5, 2018, the Company acquired the assets of a club in Pittsburgh for million, with million cash paid at closing and
two seller notes payable. The first note is a 2-year note for million, and the second is a 10-year note for million.
The Company paid acquisition-related costs for this transaction of approximately , which is included in selling, general and
administrative expenses in our consolidated statement of operations. The club generated revenue of approximately million since acquisition
date. Goodwill for the Pittsburgh acquisition is not amortized but is tested at least annually for impairment. Goodwill recognized for
this transaction is deductible for tax purposes. 

Inventory 

Furniture and equipment 

Noncompete 

Goodwill 

Net assets 

2019
Dispositions 

In
October 2018, million, payable in cash at closing
and a note payable to us over a 10-year period. The note is payable interest-only for twelve months at the conclusion of
which time a balloon payment of is due, and then the remainder of the principal and interest is payable in 108 equal installments
of per month until October 2028. The buyer will lease the property from the Company s real estate subsidiary under the following
terms: per month lease payments for ; renewal option for a succeeding ten years at a minimum of per month; million during a term beginning November 2023 and expiring in October 2028. The Company
recorded a gain on the sale transaction of approximately , which is included in other charges (gains), net in our consolidated
statement of operations during the quarter ended December 31, 2018. In July 2019, the Company and the buyer agreed to modify the promissory
note to include in principal (i) rental payments from April to September 2019, (ii) accrued property taxes, (iii) accrued occupancy taxes,
and (iv) two months of outstanding interest payments for a total principal balance of . and is payable in 108 equal monthly installments of , including principal and interest, until July 2028. 

RCI
HOSPITALITY HOLDINGS, INC. 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

15.
Acquisitions and Dispositions - continued 

In
November 2018, the Company sold two assets held for sale in Houston and San Antonio, Texas for a combined sales price of . Net
gain on the two transactions amounted to after closing costs. The Company used the proceeds to pay down in loans related
to the properties. 

On
January 24, 2019, the Company sold a held-for-sale property in Dallas, Texas for a total sales price of million, payable 
in cash at closing, net of closing costs and property taxes of , and a million note payable over a period.
The note is payable per month, principal and interest, for the first with the remaining balance payable at maturity.
The buyer has the option to extend the maturity date by one year at least 60 days prior to maturity, as long as the buyer is not in default.
The Company recorded a gain on the sale transaction of approximately . 

On
March 21, 2019, the Company sold a held-for-sale property adjacent to our Bombshells 249 location for a total sales price of million
in cash. Net gain on the transaction amounted to approximately after closing costs. The Company used of the proceeds
to pay off a loan related to the property. 

In
April 2019, the Company sold another held-for-sale property adjacent to our Bombshells I-10 location for a total sales price of 
million in cash. Net gain on the transaction amounted to approximately after closing costs. The Company used of the
proceeds to pay off a loan related to the property. 

In
June 2019, the Company sold a property located in Lubbock, Texas for in cash. Net loss on the transaction amounted to 
after closing costs. The Company used of the proceeds from the sale to pay down debt. 

In
June 2019, the Company sold an aircraft for in cash. Net loss on the transaction amounted to after closing costs. The
Company used of the proceeds from the sale to pay down related debt. 

On
July 23, 2019, the Company sold an aircraft for a total sales price of for net gain of . Proceeds were used to pay off
the remaining note payable balance of approximately . 

On
September 30, 2019, the Company sold its Bombshells Webster location for a total sales price of in cash. Net loss on the transaction
amounted to approximately . 

2020
Dispositions 

On
April 1, 2020, the Company sold a corporate housing property to an employee for in cash with an approximate gain of . 

On
May 22, 2020, the Company sold land adjacent to one of our Bombshells locations in Houston for million in cash. Net gain on the
transaction was after closing costs. The net proceeds of million were used to pay down related debt. 

On
August 6, 2020, the Company sold another corporate housing property for in cash with an approximate gain of . The net
proceeds of were used to pay down related debt. 

2021
Acquisitions 

On
December 28, 2020, the Company acquired the real estate and other business assets of a club in Centerville, Illinois for in
cash. The Company is leasing out this property to a club operator for annually. 

On
January 26, 2021, the Company acquired land for a future Bombshells location in Arlington, Texas for million. The Company paid approximately
 in cash including closing costs and financed million with a bank lender for a -year promissory note with an initial
interest rate of per annum. See Note 9. 

On
March 10, 2021, the Company acquired approximately -square
foot of land across the street from our corporate office for 
 in cash. The Company plans to build
a warehouse on that land in the coming months. 

On
March 22, 2021, the Company acquired land adjacent to a Bombshells location in Houston, Texas for million in cash. 

On
April 7, 2021, the Company acquired land near our Bombshells location in Pearland, Texas for million in cash. 

2021
Dispositions 

On
May 7, 2021, the Company sold one of the properties held for sale for million. The property had a carrying value of million.
We recorded a net gain of approximately after closing costs and we paid related debt amounting to million from the proceeds
of the sale. See Note 7. 

On
September 21, 2021, the Company sold land where a club used to be operated for million with a net gain of approximately 
after closing costs. We paid million of related debt with the proceeds of the sale. 

RCI
HOSPITALITY HOLDINGS, INC. 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

15.
Acquisitions and Dispositions - continued 

2022
Acquisitions 

On
October 18, 2021, we and certain of our subsidiaries completed our acquisition of eleven gentlemen s clubs, six related real
estate properties, and associated intellectual property for a total agreed acquisition price of million (with
a total consideration preliminary fair value of 
million based on the Company s stock price at acquisition date and discounted due to the lock-up period). The acquisition
gives the Company presence in six additional states. We paid for the acquisition with million
in cash, million
in four seller-financed notes (see Note 9), and shares
of our common stock. 

We have not completed
our valuation of the assets acquired, therefore, we do not have an allocation of the acquisition price at this time. 

In
connection with the acquisition, we incurred acquisition-related expenses of approximately , of which was expensed
in fiscal 2021 and will be expensed in fiscal 2022, and in both periods included in selling, general and administrative
expenses in our consolidated statement of operations. 

Pro forma net income attributable to RCIHH common stockholders 

Pro forma earnings per share - basic and diluted 

Pro forma weighted average number of common shares outstanding - basic and diluted 

The above unaudited pro forma financial information
is presented for informational purposes only and is not necessarily indicative of the results of operations that would have been achieved
if the acquisition had taken place at the beginning of fiscal 2021. The unaudited pro forma financial information reflects material,
nonrecurring adjustments directly attributable to the acquisition including acquisition-related expenses, interest expense, and any related
tax effects. Since we do not have a valuation of the assets that we acquired yet, the unaudited pro forma financial information does
not have adjustments related to changes in recognized expenses caused by the fair value of assets acquired, such as depreciation and
amortization and related tax effects. Pro forma net income and pro forma earnings per share include acquisition-related expenses that
will be recorded in fiscal 2022 amounting to and interest expense of million related to the 28 private lender group notes
and 4 seller-financed notes in the acquisition. Pro forma weighted average number of common shares outstanding includes the impact of
 shares of our common stock issued as partial consideration for the acquisition. 

On
November 8, 2021, the Company acquired a club and related real estate in Newburgh, New York for a total purchase price of 
 million, by which 
 million was paid in cash at closing and 
 million through a seller-financed -year
promissory note with an interest rate of 
 per annum. The note is payable 
 per month, including principal and interest.
See Note 9. Since this acquisition is not material, we are not providing supplemental pro forma disclosures. 

RCI
HOSPITALITY HOLDINGS, INC. 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Income from operations (1) 

Net income attributable to RCIHH stockholders (1) 

Earnings per share (1) 

Basic and diluted 

Weighted average number of common shares outstanding 

Basic and diluted 

For
 the Three Months Ended 

December
 31, 2019 
 March
 31, 
 2020 
 June
 30, 
 2020 
 September
 30, 2020 
 
 Revenues (2) 

Income (loss) from operations (2) 

Net income (loss) attributable to RCIHH stockholders (2) 

Earnings (loss) per share (2) 

Basic and diluted 

Weighted average number of common shares outstanding 

Basic and diluted 

For
 the Three Months Ended 

December
 31, 2018 
 March
 31, 
 2019 
 June
 30, 
 2019 
 September
 30, 2019 
 
 Revenues 

Income from operations (3) 

Net income attributable to RCIHH stockholders (3) 

Earnings per share (3) 

Basic and diluted 

Weighted average number of common shares outstanding 

Basic and diluted 

RCI
HOSPITALITY HOLDINGS, INC. 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

(1) 
 
 million in the first
 quarter and 
 in the second quarter),
 asset impairments totaling 
 million 
 million in the second
 quarter, 
 in the third quarter,
 and 
 million in the
 fourth quarter), and gain on insurance totaling 
 million 
 in the first quarter, in the second quarter,
 and 
 million in the
 fourth quarter). Quarterly effective income tax
 expense (benefit) rate was ) ,
 ,
 ,
 and ) 
 from first to fourth
 quarter, respectively, including the impact of the release of a deferred tax asset valuation allowance in the fourth
 quarter. 

(2) 
 
 million in asset impairments million in the second quarter, in the third quarter, and million in the fourth quarter).
 Net loss attributable to RCIHH stockholders and loss per share during the fourth quarter was also affected by the million valuation
 allowance on our deferred tax assets. Quarterly effective income tax expense (benefit) rate was , ) , ) , and 
 from first to fourth quarter, respectively. 

(3) 
 million in asset impairments in the fourth quarter, a million net gain on sale of businesses and assets million in
 the first quarter, million in the second quarter, million in the third quarter, and million in the fourth quarter),
 and a million net gain on insurance million net loss in the third quarter and million net gain in the fourth quarter).
 Quarterly effective income tax expense (benefit) rate was , , , and ) from first to fourth quarter, respectively. 

Our
nightclub operations are normally affected by seasonal factors. Historically, we have experienced reduced revenues from April through
September (our fiscal third and fourth quarters) with the strongest operating results occurring during October through March (our fiscal
first and second quarters), but in fiscal 2020, due to the COVID-19 pandemic, revenues during the second through the fourth quarter were
significantly reduced. Our revenues in certain markets are also affected by sporting events that cause unusual changes in sales from
year to year. 

RCI
HOSPITALITY HOLDINGS, INC. 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Bombshells 

Other 

Income (loss) from operations 

Nightclubs 

Bombshells 

Other 

General corporate 

Capital expenditures 

Nightclubs 

Bombshells 

Other 
 
 - 

General corporate 

Depreciation and amortization 

Nightclubs 

Bombshells 

Other 

General corporate 

September
 30, 2021 
 September
 30, 2020 
 September
 30, 2019 
 
 Total assets 

Nightclubs 

Bombshells 

Other 

General corporate 

Excluded
from revenues in the table above are intercompany rental revenues of the Nightclubs segment amounting to million, million,
and million for 2021, 2020, and 2019, respectively, and intercompany sales of Robust Energy Drink of Other segment amounting to
 , , and for the same respective years. These intercompany revenue amounts are eliminated upon consolidation. 

General
corporate expenses include corporate salaries, health insurance and social security taxes for officers, legal, accounting and information
technology employees, corporate taxes and insurance, legal and accounting fees, depreciation and other corporate costs such as automobile
and travel costs. Management considers these to be non-allocable costs for segment purposes. 

Certain
real estate assets previously wholly assigned to Bombshells have been subdivided and allocated to other future development or investment
projects. Accordingly, those asset costs have been transferred out of the Bombshells segment. 

RCI
HOSPITALITY HOLDINGS, INC. 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

million and million, respectively. 

Included
in the million
borrowing on November 1, 2018 (see Note 9) were notes borrowed from related parties one note for 
 (Ed Anakar, an employee of the Company and brother
of our former director Nourdean Anakar) and another note for 
 (from a brother of Company CFO, Bradley Chhay)
as part of a larger group of private lenders. The terms of this related party note are the same as the rest of the lender group in the
November 1, 2018 transaction. These notes were paid off in relation to the September 2021 Refinancing Note (see Note 9). Included
in the million borrowing on October 12, 2021 (see Note 9) are notes borrowed from related parties one note for (Ed
Anakar, see above) and another note for (from a brother of Company CFO, Bradley Chhay, see above) in which the terms of the
notes are the same as the rest of the lender group. 

We
used the services of Nottingham Creations, and previously Sherwood Forest Creations, LLC, both furniture fabrication companies that manufacture
tables, chairs and other furnishings for our Bombshells locations, as well as providing ongoing maintenance. Nottingham Creations is
owned by a brother of Eric Langan (as was Sherwood Forest). Amounts billed to us for goods and services provided by Nottingham Creations
and Sherwood Forest were approximately in fiscal 2021, in fiscal 2020, and in fiscal 2019. As of September
30, 2021 and 2020, we owed Nottingham Creations and Sherwood Forest and , respectively, in unpaid billings. 

TW
Mechanical LLC TW Mechanical provided plumbing and HVAC services to both a third-party general contractor providing construction
services to the Company, as well as directly to the Company during fiscal 2021, 2020, and 2019. A son-in-law of Eric Langan owns a 50 
interest in TW Mechanical. Amounts billed by TW Mechanical to the third-party general contractor were approximately ,
 ,
and 
 for the fiscal years 2021, 2020, and 2019, respectively.
Amounts billed directly to the Company were approximately ,
 ,
and 
 for the fiscal years 2021, 2020, and 2019, respectively.
As of September 30, 2021 and 2020, the Company owed TW Mechanical approximately 
 and ,
respectively, in unpaid direct billings. 

RCI
HOSPITALITY HOLDINGS, INC. 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Included
in lease expense in our consolidated statements of operations (see Note 5) were lease payments for a house that the Company s CEO
rented to the Company for corporate housing for its out-of-town Bombshells management and trainers, of which lease expense totaled 
and for the years ended September 30, 2020 and 2019, respectively. This lease terminated on and was scoped
out upon adoption of ASC 842 on October 1, 2019. 

Included
in the future minimum lease obligations are billboard and outdoor sign leases. These leases were recorded as advertising and marketing
expenses, and included in selling, general and administrative expenses in our consolidated statements of operations. Under ASC 840, we
recorded lease expense amounting to million for the year ended September 30, 2019. 

ASC
842 (Related to Fiscal 2021 and 2020) 

The
Company adopted ASC 842 as of October 1, 2019. The Company s adoption of ASC 842 included renewal or termination options for varying
periods which we deemed reasonably certain to exercise. This determination is based on our consideration of certain economic, strategic
and other factors that we evaluate at lease commencement date and reevaluate throughout the lease term. 

Some
leasing arrangements require variable payments that are dependent on usage or may vary for other reasons, such as payments for insurance
and tax payments. The variable portion of lease payments is not included in our right-of-use assets or lease liabilities. Rather, variable
payments, other than those dependent upon an index or rate, are expensed when the obligation for those payments is incurred and are included
in lease expenses recorded in selling, general and administrative expenses in our consolidated statement of operations. 

We
have elected to apply the short-term lease exception for all underlying asset classes, which mainly includes equipment leases. That is,
leases with a term of 12 months or less are not recognized on the balance sheet, but rather expensed on a straight-line basis over the
lease term. We do not include significant restrictions or covenants in our lease agreements, and residual value guarantees are generally
not included within our operating leases. 

October 2022 - September 2023 

October 2023 - September 2024 

October 2024 - September 2025 

October 2025 - September 2026 

Thereafter 

Variable lease expense 

Short-term equipment and other lease expense (includes and recorded in advertising and marketing for fiscal 2021 and 2020, respectively, and and recorded in repairs and maintenance, respectively; see Note 5) 

Sublease income 

Total lease expense, net 

Other information: 

Operating cash outflows from operating leases 

Weighted average remaining lease term 
 years 
 years 
 
 Weighted average discount rate 

In
relation to certain rent concessions that we received from certain of our lessors in view of the COVID-19 pandemic, we accounted for
those rent concessions as deferral of payments as if the lease is unchanged. Any reduction in total lease expense during the period caused
by either an extension of the lease term or a forgiveness of certain lease payments is accounted for as variable lease payment adjustments. 

We
recorded impairment charges of operating lease right-of-use assets amounting to , , and during fiscal years 2021, 2020,
and 2019, respectively. 

RCI
HOSPITALITY HOLDINGS, INC. 

Fiscal 2020 

Fiscal 2021 

Allowance for doubtful notes receivable 

Fiscal 2019 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Fiscal 2020 
 - 

Fiscal 2021 

- 

Deferred tax asset valuation allowance (3) 

Fiscal 2019 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Fiscal 2020 
 - 
 
 - 

Fiscal 2021 
 
 - 
 (632 
 641 

(1) 

(2) 

(3) 

83 

Item
9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 

There
have been no disagreements with accountants on accounting and financial disclosure. 

Item
9A. Controls and Procedures. 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

In
connection with the preparation of this report, an evaluation was carried out by certain members of Company management, with the participation
of the Chief Executive Officer CEO and the Chief Financial Officer CFO of the effectiveness of the Company s
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Securities and Exchange Commission s SEC Rules 13a-15(e) and
15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Exchange Act as of September 30, 2021. Disclosure controls
and procedures are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act
is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such
information is accumulated and communicated to management, including the CEO and the CFO, to allow timely decisions regarding required
disclosures. 

Due
to a material weakness in internal control over financial reporting described below, management concluded that the Company s disclosure
controls and procedures were not effective as of September 30, 2021. Notwithstanding the existence of this material weakness,
management believes that the consolidated financial statements in this annual report filed on Form 10-K present, in all material respects,
the Company s financial condition as reported, in conformity with United States Generally Accepted Accounting Principles U.S.
GAAP ). 

Management s
Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Management
of the Company is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rule
13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act. Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. GAAP
and includes those policies and procedures that: (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly
reflect our transactions and the dispositions of our assets; (2) provide reasonable assurance that our transactions are recorded as necessary
to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and that our receipts and expenditures
are being made only in accordance with appropriate authorizations; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely
detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on our consolidated financial
statements. 

Because
of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of
any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions,
or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

Under
the supervision of and with the participation of our management, we assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial
reporting as of September 30, 2021, using the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway
Commission COSO in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013). A material weakness is a deficiency, or combination
of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement
of the Company s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 

We identified a material
weakness in internal control related to the proper design and implementation of controls over our estimates relating to the impairment
of goodwill, indefinite-lived intangibles and long-lived assets, specifically over the precision of management s review of certain
assumptions. Based on our evaluation and as a result of the material weakness identified, our management, with the participation of our
chief executive officer and chief financial officer, concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was not effective as
of September 30, 2021. 

The
Company s independent registered public accounting firm, Friedman, LLP, has expressed an adverse opinion on our internal control
over financial reporting as of September 30, 2021 in the audit report that appears at the end of Part II of this Annual Report
on Form 10-K. 

84 

Remediation
Plan for Existing Material Weakness 

Management is
committed to the remediation of the material weakness described above. As such, controls will be added to both increase
the precision of the review of all assumptions used in the impairment valuation model, as well as to conduct senior management
reviews of any and all material estimates that are applied in these instances. 

It
is our belief that these added controls will effectively remediate the existing material weakness. 

Previously
Reported Material Weakness in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

As
disclosed in Item 9A Controls and Procedures in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2020, we
identified a material weakness in internal control related to management s review of the income tax provision. 

Remediation
Efforts to Address Material Weakness 

In
response to the previously reported material weakness, management has made the following changes: 

developed
 enhanced review procedures that are performed by senior management over the income tax provision; and 

retained
 the services of a new third-party income tax consultant to assist in the preparation and review of the income tax provision. 

During
the fourth quarter of 2021, we completed our testing of the operating effectiveness of the implemented controls. The Company
has completed the documentation and testing of the corrective actions described above and has concluded that the remediation activities
implemented are sufficient to conclude that the previously disclosed material weakness on management s review of the income tax
provision has been remediated as of September 30, 2021. 

85 

Changes
in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

Except
for the changes discussed above, there have been no other changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules
13a-15(f) or 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act) that occurred during the fourth quarter of 2021 that have materially affected, or
are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

Item
9B. Other Information. 

None 

86 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Board of Directors and Stockholders of 

 RCI
Hospitality Holdings, Inc. 

Adverse
Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

We
have audited RCI Hospitality Holdings, Inc. s (the Company s internal control over financial reporting as
of September 30, 2021, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee
of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO ). In our opinion, because of the effect of the material weakness
described in the following paragraph on the achievement of the objectives of the control criteria, the Company has not maintained effective
internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2021, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated
Framework (2013) issued by COSO. 

A
material weakness is a control deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that
there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the Company s annual or interim financial statements will not
be prevented or detected on a timely basis. The following material weakness has been identified and included in management s assessment: 

Ineffective
controls related to management s review of the Company s estimates relating to the impairment of goodwill and indefinite-lived
intangible assets and long-lived assets, specifically related to the precision of management s review of the assumptions used in
the impairment analysis. 

This
material weakness was considered in determining the nature, timing, and extent of audit tests applied in our audit of the 2021 consolidated
financial statements, and this report does not affect our report dated December 14, 2021, on those consolidated financial statements. 

We
do not express an opinion or any other form of assurance on management s statements referring to any corrective actions taken by
the Company after the date of management s assessment. 

We
also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB ),
the consolidated balance sheets and the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income (loss), changes in equity,
and cash flows of the Company, and our report dated December 14, 2021, expressed an unqualified opinion. 

Basis
for Opinion 

The
Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment
of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Item 9A - Management s Annual
Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting . Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal
control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be
independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations
of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit
of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing
the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based
on the assessed risk. Our audit also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe
that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Definition
and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

A
company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability
of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the
maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the
company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance
with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection
of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Because
of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of
any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions,
or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

/s/
 Friedman LLP 

Marlton,
 New Jersey 

December
 14, 2021 

87 

PART
III 

Item
10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 

DIRECTORS
AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS 

Our
Directors are elected annually and hold office until the next annual meeting of our stockholders or until their successors are elected
and qualified. Officers are appointed by the Board of Directors annually and serve at the discretion of the Board of Directors (subject
to any existing employment agreements). There is no family relationship between or among any of our directors and executive officers.
Our Board of Directors consists of seven persons. The following table sets forth our Directors and executive officers as of December
14, 2021: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 Eric
 S. Langan 
 
 53 
 
 Director,
 Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President 
 
 Bradley
 Chhay 
 
 38 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 
 
 Travis
 Reese 
 
 52 
 
 Director
 and Executive Vice President 
 
 Luke
 Lirot 
 
 65 
 
 Director 
 
 Yura
 Barabash 
 
 47 
 
 Director 
 
 Elain
 J. Martin 
 
 65 
 
 Director 
 
 Arthur
 Allan Priaulx 
 
 81 
 
 Director 

Eric
S. Langan has been a director since 1998, and our President, CEO and Chairman since 1999. He began his career in the hospitality industry
in 1989 and has developed significant expertise in sports bar/restaurants and adult entertainment nightclubs, including related areas
of real estate development and finance. Mr. Langan built the XTC Cabaret nightclub brand and merged it into RCI in 1998, expanding the
scope of the company. He has been instrumental in bringing professional marketing, management, finance, and technology practices and
systems to the gentlemen s club industry. As one of the original founders of the National Association of Club Executives (ACE),
Mr. Langan has been an active member of its Board of Directors since 1999. Through these activities, Mr. Langan has acquired the knowledge
and skills necessary to successfully operate adult entertainment businesses. 

Involvement
in certain legal proceedings : On September 21, 2020, as part of the settlement of a civil administrative proceeding with the SEC,
the Company, Mr. Langan and Phil Marshall (our former chief financial officer) agreed, without admitting or denying the findings, to
a cease-and-desist order regarding certain sections of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and certain rules promulgated thereunder. 

The SEC s order as to the Company, Mr. Langan
and Mr. Marshall found that, from fiscal 2014 through 2019, the Company failed to disclose a total of 615,000 in executive compensation
in the form of perquisites. According to the order, these undisclosed perquisites included the cost of the personal use of the Company s
aircraft and Company-provided vehicles, reimbursements for personal airline flights, charitable corporate contributions to the school
two of Mr. Langan s children attended, and housing costs and meal allowance for Mr. Marshall. In addition, the order found that
the Company failed to disclose related party transactions involving Mr. Langan s father and brother and a director s brother.
The order further found that the Company failed to keep books and records that allowed it to report, and lacked sufficient internal controls
concerning, these executive perquisites and related party transactions. 

The SEC s order as to the Company, Mr. Langan,
and Mr. Marshall found that the Company and Mr. Langan violated, and Mr. Langan and Mr. Marshall caused the Company to violate, the proxy
solicitation provisions of Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rules 14a-3 and 14a-9 thereunder. The order further
found that the Company violated, and Mr. Langan and Mr. Marshall caused the Company to violate, the reporting provisions of Section 13(a)
of the Exchange Act and Rules 13a-1 and 12b-20 thereunder, the books and records provisions of Sections 13(b)(2)(A) and 13(b)(2)(B) of
the Exchange Act, and the disclosure controls provision of Rule 13a-15(a) under the Exchange Act. The Company, Mr. Langan, and Mr. Marshall
agreed, without admitting or denying the SEC s findings, to a cease-and-desist order and to pay civil penalties in the amounts
of 400,000, 200,000, and 35,000, respectively. 

Bradley
Chhay was appointed as our CFO on September 14, 2020. He is a Certified Public Accountant (CPA), Certified Fraud Examiner (CFE), and
Certified Information Systems Auditor (CISA). He joined us in November 2015 as Controller in charge of migrating the company to an upgraded
ERP system and enhancing internal and external audit and SEC reporting functions. From 2007 through 2009, he was an auditor for Deloitte
 Touche LLP. From 2009 through 2013, he served as Internal Audit Senior, IT Auditor, and Senior Fraud Auditor for Live Nation Entertainment,
Inc. of Beverly Hills, a publicly-traded company that markets tickets for live entertainment worldwide, owns and operates entertainment
venues, and manages music artists. From 2013 through 2015, Mr. Chhay was an Audit Supervisor and Global ERP Project Lead for RigNet,
Inc. of Houston, a publicly-traded digital technology company serving the oil and gas, maritime and government markets. After RigNet,
he briefly served as CFO for a smaller, privately-held, multi-unit restaurant chain. 

Travis
Reese became a director and our Executive Vice President in 1999. From 1997 through 1999, Mr. Reese had been a senior network administrator
at St. Vincent s Hospital in Santa Fe, New Mexico. During 1997, Mr. Reese was a computer systems engineer with Deloitte Touche.
From 1995 until 1997, Mr. Reese was Vice President with Digital Publishing Resources, Inc., an Internet service provider. From 1994 until
1995, Mr. Reese was a pilot with Continental Airlines. From 1992 until 1994, Mr. Reese was a pilot with Hang On, Inc., an airline company.
Mr. Reese has an Associate s Degree in Aeronautical Science from Texas State Technical College. Mr. Reese has been involved in
the adult entertainment industry since 1992. His experience and knowledge in this industry is essential to the Board s oversight
of our businesses. 

88 

Luke
Lirot became a director on July 31, 2007. Mr. Lirot received his law degree from the University of San Francisco in 1986. After serving
as an intern in the San Francisco Public Defender s Office in 1986, Mr. Lirot returned to Florida and established a private law
practice where he continues to practice and specializes in adult entertainment issues. He is a past President of the First Amendment
Lawyers Association and has actively participated in numerous state and federal legal matters. Mr. Lirot represents as counsel
scores of individuals and entities within our industry. Having practiced in this area for over 30 years, he is aware of virtually every
type of legal issue that can arise, making him an important member of the Board. 

Yura
Barabash became a director on September 19, 2017. Mr. Barabash has been a Vice President of Business Development at AVI-SPL, a global
market leader in audio visual and unified communications based in Florida since October 2021. Mr. Barabash has extensive corporate
finance experience across multiple industries domestically and internationally, and has been involved in multiple equity and debt financings
and M A transactions for public and private companies in the US, China, Brazil, EU and Russia. From August 2019 to January 2021,
Mr. Barabash was a Chief Operating Officer of Gingko Online Learning LLC, private online learning company in Florida and a consultant
to Chengdu Gingko Education Management, educational management company in Chengdu, China. From 2016 to June 2019 he was a Senior
Vice President of Finance at Motorsport Network LLC (www.motorsportnetwork.com) in Miami, the largest motorsport data enabled digital
media company in the world. Prior to joining Motorsport Network, he was an investment banker at Primary Capital from 2011 until 2016.
Previously, Mr. Barabash was an investment banker at Rodman Renshaw and Merrill Lynch. He holds a B.A. from Sevastopol City University
in Ukraine and a Master in International Affairs from Columbia University in New York City, and is fluent in Russian. Mr. Barabash is
a valuable member of the Board of Directors based on his extensive corporate finance and investment banking experience across multiple
industries domestically and internationally with a wide range of transactions (debt and equity). He also possesses extensive financial
modeling and investor relationship experience, and experience in diligence, governance and accounting. 

Elaine
J. Martin became a director on August 8, 2019. She is co-founder and general partner of two privately-held Houston area businesses for
which she provides a broad array of management and accounting functions on a day-to-day basis. In 1993, she co-founded Medco Manufacturing
LLC, which develops, manufactures and sells, under Food and Drug Administration (FDA) guidelines, equipment and disposable products used
by plastic surgeons in domestic and international markets. In 1989, Ms. Martin co-founded Aero Tech Aviation LLC, which trains foreign
nationals for the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) Air Frame and Power Plant examination, for their license to repair US-origin
aircraft. Earlier in her career, she was a Registered Nurse specializing in cosmetic surgery. Ms. Martin received her BS in Biology and
Chemistry from Houston Baptist University. Her volunteer activities have included serving as a member of the Board of Directors of Texas
A M University Mothers Club (Aggie Moms). Ms. Martin s business acumen and experience running companies make her an
important member of the Board. 

Arthur
Allan Priaulx became a director on August 8, 2019. He has more than 45 years of experience in the communications industry. Earlier in
his career, he was Vice President and General Manager of King Features Division of Hearst Corporation, in charge of worldwide newspaper
activities and product licensing. He was also publisher of American Banker, a leading trade publication in the financial services industry,
when it was owned by Thomson Financial. In 1993, he founded Resource Media Group, a New York-based financial media and investor relations
firm. His clients included a wide range of companies, including RCI Hospitality Holdings, Inc., for which he provided public and investor
relations services from 1994 to 2013. Mr. Priaulx has been retired since 2014. He attended Dartmouth College and University of Southampton
in the U.K. He has also completed graduate-level courses at INSEAD Business School in France and the Wharton School of the University
of Pennsylvania. His volunteer activities have included serving as national vice president of United Cerebral Palsy. 

89 

COMMITTEES
OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS 

AUDIT
COMMITTEE 

We
have an Audit Committee whose members are Yura Barabash, Elaine Martin and Arthur Allan Priaulx. All members of the Audit Committee are
independent directors. The purpose of the Audit Committee is to (i) oversee our accounting and financial reporting processes, our disclosure
controls and procedures and system of internal controls and audits of our consolidated financial statements, (ii) oversee the relationship
with our independent auditors, including appointing or changing our auditors and ensuring their independence, and (iii) provide oversight
regarding significant financial matters. The Audit Committee meets privately with our Chief Financial Officer and with our independent
registered public accounting firm and evaluates the responses by the Chief Financial Officer both to the facts presented and to the judgments
made by our outside independent registered public accounting firm. Yura Barabash serves as the Audit Committee s financial expert. 

In
August 2015, our Board adopted a new Charter for the Audit Committee. A copy of the Audit Committee Charter can be found on our website
at www.rcihospitality.com/investor . The Charter establishes the independence of our Audit Committee and sets forth the scope of
the Audit Committee s duties. The Audit Committee conducts an ongoing review of our financial reports and other financial information
prior to their being filed with the SEC, or otherwise provided to the public. The Audit Committee also reviews our systems, methods and
procedures of internal controls in the areas of: financial reporting, audits, treasury operations, corporate finance, managerial, financial
and SEC accounting, compliance with law, and ethical conduct. NASDAQ Stock Market Rules require all members of the Audit Committee to
be independent. The Audit Committee is objective, and reviews and assesses the work of our independent registered public accounting firm
and our internal accounting department. 

90 

NOMINATING
COMMITTEE 

We
have a Nominating Committee whose current members are Elaine Martin, Luke Lirot, Yura Barabash and Arthur Allan Priaulx. In July 2004,
the Board unanimously adopted a Charter with regard to the process to be used for identifying and evaluating nominees for director. The
Charter establishes the independence of our Nominating Committee and sets forth the scope of the Nominating Committee s duties.
NASDAQ Stock Market Rules require all members of the Nominating Committee to be independent. Pursuant to its Charter, the Committee has
the power and authority to consider Board nominees and proposals submitted by our stockholders and to establish any procedures, including
procedures to facilitate stockholder communication with the Board of Directors, and to make any such disclosures required by applicable
law in the course of exercising such authority. A copy of the Nominating Committee s Charter can be found on our website at www.rcihospitality.com/investor . 

COMPENSATION
COMMITEE 

We
have a Compensation Committee whose current members are Elaine Martin, Luke Lirot, Yura Barabash and Arthur Allan Priaulx. In June 2014,
the Compensation Committee adopted a Charter with regard to the Compensation Committee s responsibilities, including evaluating,
reviewing and determining the compensation of our Chief Executive Officer and other executive officers. A copy of the Compensation Committee s
Charter can be found on our website at www.rcihospitality.com/investor . 

Delinquent
Section 16(a) Reports 

Section
16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 requires our directors and executive officers, and persons who own beneficially more than
ten percent of our common stock, to file reports of ownership and changes of ownership with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Based
solely upon a review of Forms 3, 4 and 5 furnished to us during the fiscal year ended September 30, 2021, we believe that the directors,
executive officers, and greater than ten percent beneficial owners have complied with all applicable filing requirements during the fiscal
year ended September 30, 2021. 

CODE
OF ETHICS 

We
have adopted a code of ethics for our principal executive and senior financial officers, a copy of which can be found on our website
at www.rcihospitality.com. 

91 

Item
11. Executive Compensation. 

COMPENSATION
DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 

This
compensation discussion and analysis describes the material elements of the Company s compensation programs as they relate to our
executive officers who are listed in the compensation tables appearing below. This compensation discussion and analysis focuses on the
information contained in the following tables and related footnotes. The individuals who served as the Company s Chief Executive
Officer and Chief Financial Officer during fiscal 2021, as well as any other individuals included in the Summary Compensation
Table, are referred to as named executive officers. 

Overview
of Compensation Committee Role and Responsibilities 

The
Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors oversees our compensation plans and policies, reviews and approves all decisions concerning
the named executive officers compensation, which may further be approved by the Board, and administers our stock option and equity
plans, including reviewing and approving stock option grants and equity awards under the plans. The Compensation Committee s membership
is determined by the Board and is composed entirely of independent directors. 

Management
plays a role in the compensation-setting process. The most significant aspects of management s role are to evaluate employee performance
and recommend salary levels and equity compensation awards. Our Chief Executive Officer often makes recommendations to the Compensation
Committee and the Board concerning compensation for other executive officers. Our Chief Executive Officer is a member of the Board but
does not participate in Board decisions regarding any aspect of his own compensation. The Compensation Committee can retain independent
advisors or consultants. 

Compensation
Committee Process 

The
Compensation Committee reviews executive compensation in connection with the evaluation and approval of an employment agreement, an increase
in responsibilities or other factors. With respect to equity compensation awarded to other employees, the Compensation Committee or the
Board may grant stock options, often after receiving a recommendation from our Chief Executive Officer. The Compensation Committee
also evaluates proposals for incentive and performance equity awards, and other compensation. 

Compensation
Philosophy 

The
Compensation Committee emphasizes the important link between the Company s performance, which ultimately affects stockholder value,
and the compensation of its executives. Therefore, the primary goal of the Company s executive compensation policy is to try to
align the interests of the executive officers with the interests of the stockholders. In order to achieve this goal, the Company attempts
to (i) offer compensation opportunities that attract and retain executives whose abilities and skills are critical to the long-term success
of the Company and reward them for their efforts in ensuring the success of the Company, (ii) align the Company s compensation
programs with the Company s long-term business strategies and objectives, and (iii) provide variable compensation opportunities
that are directly linked to the Company s performance and stockholder value, including an equity stake in the Company. Our named
executive officers compensation utilizes two primary components base salary and long-term equity compensation 
to achieve these goals. We have not, however, granted any equity awards to our executive officers since 2014. Additionally, the Compensation
Committee may award discretionary bonuses to certain executives based on the individual s contribution to the achievement of the
Company s strategic objectives. 

92 

Setting
Executive Compensation 

We
fix executive base compensation at a level we believe enables us to hire and retain individuals in a competitive environment and to reward
satisfactory individual performance and a satisfactory level of contribution to our overall business goals. We also take into account
the compensation that is paid by companies that we believe to be our competitors and by other companies with which we believe we generally
compete for executives. 

In
establishing compensation packages for executive officers, numerous factors are considered, including the particular executive s
experience, expertise and performance, our company s overall performance and compensation packages available in the marketplace
for similar positions. In arriving at amounts for each component of compensation, our Compensation Committee strives to strike an appropriate
balance between base compensation and incentive compensation. The Compensation Committee also endeavors to properly allocate between
cash and non-cash compensation and between annual and long-term compensation. 

The
Role of Shareholder Say-on-Pay Votes 

At
our annual meeting of shareholders held on September 14, 2021, approximately 94.7 of the shareholders who voted (including
abstentions) on the say-on-pay proposal approved the compensation of our named executive officers, as disclosed in
the proxy statement. Although this advisory shareholder vote on executive compensation is non-binding, the Compensation Committee will
consider the outcome of the vote when making future compensation decisions for named executive officers. 

Base
Salary 

The
Company provides executive officers and other employees with base salary to compensate them for services rendered during the fiscal year.
Subject to the provisions contained in employment agreements with executive officers concerning base salary amounts, base salaries of
the executive officers are established based upon compensation data of comparable companies in our market, the executive s job
responsibilities, level of experience, individual performance and contribution to the business. We believe it is important for the Company
to provide adequate fixed compensation to highly qualified executives in our competitive industry. In making base salary decisions, the
Compensation Committee uses its discretion and judgment based upon personal knowledge of industry practice but does not apply any specific
formula to determine the base salaries for the executive officers. 

93 

Retirement
Savings Plan 

The
Company maintains a retirement savings plan for the benefit of our executives and employees. Our Simple IRA Plan is intended to qualify
as a defined contribution arrangement under the Internal Revenue Code (the Code ). Participants may elect to defer a percentage
of their eligible pretax earnings each year or contribute a fixed amount per pay period up to the maximum contribution permitted by the
Code. All participants plan accounts are 100 vested at all times. All assets of our Simple IRA Plan are invested based on participant-directed
elections. We make certain matching contributions to the Simple IRA Plan, which are also 100 vested. 

Perquisites
and Other Personal Benefits 

The
Company s executive officers participate in the Company s other benefit plans on the same terms as other employees on a non-discriminatory
basis. These plans include medical, dental, life and disability insurance. Relocation benefits also are reimbursed and are individually
negotiated when they occur. The Company reimburses each executive officer for all reasonable business and other expenses incurred by
them in connection with the performance of their duties and obligations. The Company does not provide named executive officers with any
significant perquisites or other personal benefits except for personal travel using Company-owned automobiles and/or aircrafts, and housing
and living expenses for our former CFO. In September 2019, the board of directors approved an aircraft policy allowing personal use of
Company aircrafts as follows: (1) 25 hours per fiscal quarter for our CEO, and (2) 12 hours each per fiscal quarter for other executive
officers. 

SUMMARY
COMPENSATION TABLE 

The
following table reflects all forms of compensation for services to us for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2021, 2020, and 2019 of
our named executive officers. 

All Other 

Name and 

Salary 

Bonus 

Compensation (1) 

Total 

Principal Position 
 
 Year 

) 

) 

) 

) 

Eric S. Langan 

2021 

1,436,539 

- 

108,679 

1,545,218 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

2020 

1,073,077 

- 

95,975 

1,169,052 

2019 

1,200,000 

- 

81,355 

1,281,355 

Bradley Chhay 

2021 

431,442 

7,500 

66,055 

504,997 

Chief Financial Officer 

2020 

269,231 

25,000 

50,333 

344,564 

Travis Reese 

2021 

437,827 

- 

65,537 

503,364 

Executive Vice President 

2020 

348,750 

- 

66,418 

415,168 

2019 

390,000 

- 

76,622 

466,622 

(1) 
 All
 Other Compensation consists of SIMPLE IRA matching contributions, automobile expenses, personal use of aircraft, and housing and
 living expenses. We account for personal use of aircraft to be the aggregate incremental cost of personal use of the company aircraft
 as calculated based on a cost-per-flight-hour charge developed by a nationally recognized and independent service. The charge reflects
 the direct cost of operating the aircraft, including fuel, additives, lubricants, maintenance labor, airframe parts, engine restoration,
 and major periodic maintenance. We added actual airport/hangar fees charged to the company on a per-flight basis. The charge does
 not include fixed costs that do not change based on usage, such as aircraft depreciation, home hangar expenses, and general taxes
 and insurance. We value automobile expenses based on the annual depreciation rate of automobiles assigned for use by the particular
 officer (until fiscal 2019), plus cost of insurance, registration, repairs, maintenance, tolls, fuel, and starting fiscal 2020, tax
 reimbursement on automobile fringe benefits. 

A
table of All Other Compensation for fiscal 2021 for our named executive officers is presented below: 

SIMPLE IRA Matching Contribution 

Automobile Expenses 

Personal Use of Aircraft 

Tax Reimbursement 

Total All Other Compensation 

Name 
 
 ) 

) 

) 

) 

) 

Eric S. Langan 

18,403 

21,477 

58,744 

10,055 

108,679 

Bradley Chhay 

13,402 

33,876 

10,974 

7,803 

66,055 

Travis Reese 

17,550 

21,337 

18,238 

8,412 

65,537 

94 

CEO
Pay Ratio 

We
reviewed a comparison of annual total compensation of our CEO to the annual compensation of our median employee who was selected from
all employees who were employed (other than the CEO) during our fiscal year ended September 30, 2021. 

The
SEC s rules for identifying the median compensated employee and calculating the pay ratio based on that employee s annual
total compensation allow companies to adopt a variety of methodologies, to apply certain exclusions, and to make reasonable estimates
and assumptions that reflect their employee populations and compensation practices. As a result, the pay ratio reported by other companies
may not be comparable to the pay ratio reported below, as other companies have different employee populations and compensation practices
and may utilize different methodologies, exclusions, estimates and assumptions in calculating their own pay ratios. 

During
the fiscal year ended September 30, 2021, a sizable number of employees have been rehired due to the recovery from the pandemic.
We recalculated and identified a new median employee using the same methodology as mentioned above. 

The
compensation for our CEO in fiscal 2021 of 1,545,218 was approximately 50 times the compensation of our fiscal 2021 median
employee of 31,039. 

GRANTS
OF PLAN-BASED AWARDS 

There
were no grants of plan-based awards for fiscal 2021. 

Outstanding
Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End 

There
were no outstanding equity awards as of September 30, 2021. 

OPTION
EXERCISES AND STOCK VESTED IN FISCAL YEAR 2021 

There
were no stock options exercised nor stock that vested during the fiscal year ended September 30, 2021. As of September 30, 2020,
the Company s 2010 Stock Option Plan contractually expired. 

95 

DIRECTOR
COMPENSATION 

We
pay the expenses of our directors in attending board meetings. We paid no equity-based compensation during the fiscal year ended September
30, 2021, and we paid our independent directors 30,000 in cash for the fiscal year. Following is a schedule of all compensation paid
to our directors in the year ended September 30, 2021: 

Fees
 earned or
 paid in cash 
 
 Name 
 ) 
 
 Nourdean Anakar 
 30,000 
 
 Luke C. Lirot 
 30,000 
 
 Yura Barabash 
 30,000 
 
 Elaine Martin 
 30,000 
 
 Arthur Allan Priaulx 
 30,000 
 
 Eric S. Langan 
 - 
 
 Travis Reese 
 - 

Mr. Anakar did not stand for reelection during the September 2021 annual meeting of stockholders. 

EMPLOYMENT
AGREEMENTS 

On
July 1, 2021, we entered into new two-year employment agreements with each of our executive officers, including Eric Langan, our
Chief Executive Officer and President; Bradley Chhay, our Chief Financial Officer; and Travis Reese, our Executive Vice President and
Secretary. Under their respective new agreements, Mr. Langan s annual salary is 1,700,000; Mr. Chhay s annual salary is
 425,000; and Mr. Reese s annual salary is 420,000. Each of the agreements has a term that commenced on July 1, 2021 and ends
on June 30, 2023. Each of the agreements also provides for bonus eligibility, expense reimbursement, health benefits, participation in
our benefit plans, use of a company-owned automobile, access to company-owned aircraft (subject to the terms and conditions of our corporate
aircraft policy), and two weeks paid vacation annually. Under the terms of the agreements, each executive is bound to a confidentiality
provision and cannot compete with us for a period upon termination of the agreement. 

Currently,
our executive officers do not have long-term incentive plans or defined benefit or actuarial plans outstanding. 

EMPLOYEE
STOCK OPTION PLANS 

The
Company s 2010 Stock Option Plan, as amended, contractually expired on September 30, 2020. There are presently no outstanding employee
stock options. 

96 

COMPENSATION
POLICIES AND PRACTICES AS THEY RELATE TO RISK MANAGEMENT 

We
attempt to make our compensation programs discretionary, balanced and focused on the long term. We believe goals and objectives of our
compensation programs reflect a balanced mix of quantitative and qualitative performance measures to avoid excessive weight on a single
performance measure. Our approach to compensation practices and policies applicable to employees and consultants is consistent with that
followed for our executives. Based on these factors, we believe that our compensation policies and practices do not create risks that
are reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on us. 

Compensation
Committee Report 

The
Compensation Committee has reviewed and discussed with management the Compensation Discussion and Analysis to be included in this Form
10-K. Based on the reviews and discussions referred to above, the Compensation Committee recommends to the Board of Directors that the
Compensation Discussion and Analysis referred to above be included in this report. This report is furnished by the Compensation Committee
of our Board of Directors, whose members are: 

Elaine
Martin 

 Luke
Lirot 

 Yura
Barabash 

 Arthur
Allan Priaulx 

Compensation
Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation 

The
Compensation Committee is comprised of Ms. Martin and Messrs. Lirot, Barabash, and Priaulx. No interlocking relationship exists between
any member of the Compensation Committee and any member of any other company s Board of Directors or compensation committee. 

97 

Item
12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 

The
following table sets forth certain information at December 10, 2021, with respect to the beneficial ownership of shares of common
stock by (i) each person known to us who owns beneficially more than 5 of the outstanding shares of common stock, (ii) each of our directors,
(iii) each of our executive officers and (iv) all of our executive officers and directors as a group. Unless otherwise noted below, the
address of each beneficial owner listed in the table is c/o RCI Hospitality Holdings, Inc., 10737 Cutten Road, Houston, Texas 77066.
We have determined beneficial ownership in accordance with the rules of the SEC. Except as indicated by the footnotes below, we believe,
based on the information furnished to us, that the persons and entities named in the table below have sole voting and investment power
with respect to all shares of common stock that they beneficially own, subject to applicable community property laws. Applicable percentage
ownership is based on 9,499,910 shares of common stock outstanding at December 10, 2021. Generally, in computing the number of shares
of common stock beneficially owned by a person and the percentage ownership of that person, we deem outstanding shares of common stock
subject to stock options or warrants held by that person that are currently exercisable or exercisable within 60 days of December 10,
2021 and shares of common stock issuable upon conversion of other securities held by that person that are currently convertible or
convertible within 60 days of December 10, 2021; we do not deem these shares outstanding, however, for the purpose of computing
the percentage ownership of any other person. Presently, there are no outstanding securities that are exercisable or convertible into
shares of common stock. Beneficial ownership representing less than 1 is denoted with an asterisk ). 

Name/Address 
 Number
 of shares 
 Title of class 
 Percent
 of Class (1) 
 
 Executive Officers and Directors 

Eric S. Langan 
 701,870 (2) 
 Common stock 
 7.39 

Bradley Chhay 
 4,020 (3)(4) 
 Common stock 

Yura Barabash 
 504 
 Common stock 

Travis Reese 
 14,141 (5) 
 Common stock 

Luke Lirot 
 518 
 Common stock 

Elaine Martin 
 7,221 
 Common stock 

Arthur Allan Priaulx 
 2,000 
 Common stock 

All of our Directors and Officers as a Group of seven persons 
 726,534 
 Common stock 
 7.65 

Other > 5 Security Holders 

BlackRock, Inc. (6) 
 578,760 
 Common stock 
 6.09 

ADW Capital Partners, L.P. (7) 
 899,900 
 Common stock 
 9.47 

Greenhaven Road Investment Management, L.P. (8) 
 580,531 
 Common stock 
 6.11 

Troy Lowrie (9) 
 500,000 
 Common stock 
 5.26 

(1) 
 These
 percentages exclude treasury shares in the calculation of percentage of class. 

(2) 
 Includes
 1,870 shares held in an investment club over which Mr. Langan has shared voting and investment power. As of the date of this report,
 Mr. Langan owns less than 0.1 of the investment club. 

(3) 
 Number
 of shares is rounded to the nearest whole number. The actual amount is 4,020.317 shares. 

(4) 
 Includes
 1,870 shares held in an investment club over which Mr. Chhay has shared voting and investment power. As of the date of this report,
 Mr. Chhay owns approximately 4.1 of the investment club. 

(5) 
 Includes
 1,870 shares held in an investment club over which Mr. Reese has shared voting and investment power. As of the date of this report,
 Mr. Reese owns approximately 1.8 of the investment club. 

(6) 
 Based
 on the most recently available Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on February 1, 2021 by BlackRock Inc. BlackRock beneficially owned
 578,760 shares, with sole voting power over 571,090 shares and sole dispositive power over 578,760 shares. The address of BlackRock
 is 55 East 52nd Street, New York, New York 10055. 

(7) 
 Based
 on the most recently available Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on January 8, 2021 by ADW Capital Partners, L.P., ADW Capital Management,
 LLC and Adam D. Wyden. ADW Capital Management, LLC is the general partner and investment manager of ADW Capital Partners, L.P. Mr.
 Wyden is the sole manager of ADW Capital Management, LLC. ADW Capital Partners, L.P is the record and direct beneficial owner of
 899,900 shares, with sole voting power and sole dispositive power over all such shares. The address of each of these reporting persons
 is 1133 Broadway, Suite 719, New York, New York 10010. 

(8) 
 Based
 on the most recently available Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on February 16, 2021 by Scott Stewart Miller, Greenhaven Road Investment
 Management, LP (the Investment Manager ), MVM Funds, LLC (the General Partner ), Greenhaven Road Capital
 Fund 1, L.P. Fund 1 ), and Greenhaven Road Capital Fund 2, L.P. Fund 2 , and together with Fund 1, the
 Funds ). Each Fund is a private investment vehicle. The Funds directly beneficially own the common stock. The Investment
 Manager is the investment manager of the Funds. The General Partner is the general partner of the Funds and the Investment Manager.
 Mr. Miller is the controlling person of the General Partner. Mr. Miller, the Investment Manager and the General Partner may be deemed
 to beneficially own the common stock directly beneficially owned by the Funds, with sole voting power and sole dispositive power
 over all such shares. The address of each of these reporting persons is c/o Royce Associates LLC, 8 Sound Shore Drive, Suite
 190, Greenwich, CT 06830. 

(9) 
 Based on the most recently available Schedule 13G filed
 with the SEC on November 17, 2021 by Troy Lowrie. Mr. Lowrie is the controlling person of Family Dog, LLC and Club Licensing, LLC,
 which are the record and direct beneficial owners of 300,000 shares and 200,000 shares, respectively, with each such entity having
 sole voting power and sole dispositive power over all its respective shares. The address of Mr. Lowrie is 735 S Xenon Ct, Ste 101,
 Lakewood, CO 80228. 

The
Company is not aware of any arrangements that could result in a change in control of the Company. 

The
disclosure required by Item 201(d) of Regulation S-K is set forth in Item 5 herein and is incorporated herein by reference. 

98 

Item
13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 

Presently,
our Chairman and President, Eric Langan, personally guarantees all of the commercial bank indebtedness of the company. Mr. Langan
receives no compensation or other direct financial benefit for any of the guarantees. Two adult children of Mr. Langan are also
employed by the Company in corporate shared services. 

In November 2018, we borrowed 500,000 from Ed
Anakar and 100,000 from Allen Chhay as part of a larger group of private lenders. Ed Anakar is the brother of Nourdean Anakar, a former
director of the Company. Allen Chhay is the brother of Bradley Chhay, our CFO, and is not employed by the Company or any of its subsidiaries.
Their promissory notes bore interest at the rate of 12 per annum and were to mature in November 2021. The notes were payable in monthly
installments of interest only with a balloon payment of all unpaid principal and interest due at maturity. Both notes were paid off in
relation to the September 2021 Refinancing Note. See Note 9 to our consolidated financial statements. 

In October 2021, we borrowed 500,000 from Ed
Anakar and 150,000 from Allen Chhay as part of a larger group of private lenders (see Note 9 to our consolidated financial statements).
Their promissory notes bear interest at the rate of 12 per annum and mature in October 2024. The notes are payable in monthly installments
of interest only with a balloon payment of all unpaid principal and interest due at maturity. The terms of the notes are the same as the rest of the lender group 

We paid Ed Anakar, our director of operations
 club division, employment compensation of 655,289, 502,404, and 550,000 during the fiscal years ended September 30, 2021,
2020, and 2019, respectively. 

We
used the services of Nottingham Creations, and previously Sherwood Forest Creations, LLC, both furniture fabrication companies that manufacture
tables, chairs and other furnishings for our Bombshells locations, as well as providing ongoing maintenance. Nottingham Creations is
owned by a brother of Eric Langan (as was Sherwood Forest). Amounts billed to us for goods and services provided by Nottingham Creations
and Sherwood Forest were approximately 118,000 in fiscal 2021, 59,000 in fiscal 2020, and 134,000 in fiscal 2019. As of September
30, 2021 and 2020, we owed Nottingham Creations and Sherwood Forest 12,205 and 0, respectively, in unpaid billings. 

TW
Mechanical LLC TW Mechanical provided plumbing and HVAC services to both a third-party general contractor providing construction
services to the Company, as well as directly to the Company during fiscal 2021, 2020, and 2019. A son-in-law of Eric Langan owns a 50 
interest in TW Mechanical. Amounts billed by TW Mechanical to the third-party general contractor were approximately 0, 19,000,
and 452,000 for the fiscal years 2021, 2020, and 2019, respectively. Amounts billed directly to the Company were approximately 425,000,
 62,000, and 47,000 for the fiscal years 2021, 2020, and 2019, respectively. As of September 30, 2021 and 2020, the Company owed TW
Mechanical approximately 7,500 and 5,700, respectively, in unpaid direct billings. 

Review,
Approval, or Ratification of Related Transactions 

On
September 23, 2019, the Board of Directors, acting upon the recommendation of its Audit Committee, adopted a written related party transaction
policy, under which related party transactions are subject to review, approval, rejection, modification and/or ratification by the Audit
Committee. The policy provides that prior to the entry into any transaction between the Company and one of its officers, directors, 5 
shareholders or an immediate family member of any of the foregoing (a related party ), such transaction will be reported
to the Company s chief compliance officer. The Company s chief compliance officer will undertake an evaluation of the transaction.
If that evaluation indicates that the transaction would require the Audit Committee s approval, the Company s chief compliance
officer will report this transaction to the Audit Committee. The Audit Committee will review the material facts of all related party
transactions that require the Audit Committee s approval and either approve or disapprove of the entry into the related party transaction.
If advance Audit Committee approval of a related party transaction is not feasible, then the related party transaction will be considered
and, if the Audit Committee determines it to be appropriate, ratified at the Audit Committee s next regularly scheduled meeting.
In determining whether to approve or ratify a related party transaction, the Audit Committee will take into account factors it deems
appropriate. In the event that the Audit Committee determines not to ratify and approve the related party transaction, then the Audit
Committee will instruct that the related party transaction be rescinded or unwound. The Audit Committee will not approve or ratify any
related party transaction unless it deems that the transaction is on terms no less favorable than terms generally available to an unaffiliated
third-party under the same or similar circumstances and the extent of the related party s interest in the transaction. No director
will participate in any discussion or approval of a related party transaction for which he or she is a related party, except that the
director shall provide all material information concerning the transaction to the Audit Committee. 

In
reviewing related party transactions under the policy, the Audit Committee will review and consider one or more of the following as it
seems appropriate for the circumstances: (1) the related party s interest in the related party transaction; (2) the approximate
dollar value of the amount involved in the related party transaction; (3) the approximate dollar value of the amount of the related party s
interest in the transaction without regard to the amount of any profit or loss; (4) whether the transaction was undertaken in the ordinary
course of business of the Company; (5) whether the transaction with the related party is proposed to be, or was, entered into on terms
no less favorable to the Company than terms that could have been reached with an unrelated third party; (6) the purpose of, and the potential
benefits to the Company of, the related party transaction; (7) whether the related party transaction would impair the independence of
an outside director; (8) required public disclosure, if any; and (9) any other information regarding the related party transaction or
the related party in the context of the proposed transaction that would be material to investors in light of the circumstances of the
particular transaction. The Audit Committee will review all relevant information available to it about the related party transaction.
The Audit Committee may approve or ratify the related party transaction only if the Audit Committee determines in good faith that, under
all of the circumstances, the transaction is fair as to the Company. The Audit Committee, in its sole discretion, may impose such condition
as it deems appropriate on the Company or the related party in connection with approval of the related party transaction. 

Our Audit Committee is composed of all independent
directors, including Yura Barabash, Elaine Martin and Arthur Allan Priaulx. We additionally have one other independent director,
Luke Lirot, who is not on the Audit Committee. The definition of independent used herein is based on the independence
standards of The NASDAQ Stock Market LLC. 

99 

Item
14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services. 

The
following table sets forth the aggregate fees paid or accrued for professional services and the aggregate fees paid or accrued for audit-related
services and all other services rendered by Friedman LLP for the fiscal year 2021 and 2020 (in thousands). 

2021 
 2020 

Audit fees 
 695 
 1,945 
 
 Audit-related fees 
 7 
 - 
 
 Tax fees 
 - 
 - 
 
 All other fees 
 - 
 - 

Total 
 702 
 1,945 

Audit
fees include fees billed for professional services rendered in connection with the annual audit and quarterly reviews of the Company s
consolidated financial statements, the audit of internal control over financial reporting as required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002,
and assistance with securities filings other than periodic reports. 

Audit-related
fees include professional services in relation to a Form S-3 filing. 

Tax fees 
include consultation related to tax compliance and tax structuring. 

All
other fees include fees billed for professional services rendered in connection with the SEC investigation. 

All
above audit services, audit-related services and tax services were pre-approved by the Audit Committee, which concluded that the provision
of such services by Friedman, LLP was compatible with the maintenance of that firm s independence in the conduct of its auditing
functions. The Audit Committee s outside auditor independence policy provides for pre-approval of all services performed by the
outside auditors. 

100 

PART
IV 

Item
15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules. 

Exhibit
 No. 
 
 Description 

3.1 
 
 Articles
 of Incorporation dated December 9, 1994. (Incorporated by reference from Form SB-2 filed with the SEC on January 11, 1995.) 

3.2 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation dated September 9, 2008. (Incorporated by reference from Definitive Schedule 14A filed with the SEC on July 21, 2008.) 

3.3 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation dated August 6, 2014. (Incorporated by reference from Definitive Schedule 14A filed with the SEC on June 24, 2014.) 

3.4 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws (Incorporated by reference from Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 16, 2016.) 

4.1 
 
 Consolidated, Amended and Restated Promissory Note for 99,145,838.22 with Centennial Bank (Incorporated by reference from Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 4, 2021) 

4.2 
 
 12 Unsecured Promissory Note (form of interest-only version of the note) (Incorporated by reference from Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 18, 2021) 

4.3 
 
 12 Unsecured Promissory Note (form of amortizing payment schedule version of the note) (Incorporated by reference from Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 18, 2021) 

4.4 
 
 10-Year Secured Promissory Note for 11,000,000 by Big Sky Hospitality Holdings, Inc. to Family Dog, LLC (Incorporated by reference from Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 21, 2021) 

4.5 
 
 20-Year Secured Promissory Note for 8,000,000 by Big Sky Hospitality Holdings, Inc. to Family Dog, LLC (Incorporated by reference from Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 21, 2021) 

4.6 
 
 10-Year Promissory Note for 1,200,000 by RCI Holdings, Inc. to 3480 South Galena, LLC (Incorporated by reference from Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 21, 2021) 

4.7 
 
 IP Promissory Note for 1,000,000 by Big Sky Hospitality Holdings, Inc. to Club Licensing, LLC (Incorporated by reference from Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 21, 2021) 

4.8 
 
 The description of our common stock (Incorporated by reference from Form 10-K filed with the SEC on December 14, 2020) 

10.1 
 
 Employment Agreement with Eric S. Langan. (Incorporated by reference from Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 2, 2021) 

10.2 
 
 Employment Agreement with Bradley Chhay (Incorporated by reference from Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 2, 2021) 

10.3 
 
 Employment Agreement with Travis Reese (Incorporated by reference from Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 2, 2021) 

10.4 
 
 Asset Purchase Agreement with Glenarm Restaurant Concepts, LLC dated July 23, 2021 (Incorporated by reference from Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 28, 2021) 

10.5 
 
 Asset Purchase Agreement with Glendale Restaurant Concepts, LLC dated July 23, 2021 (Incorporated by reference from Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 28, 2021) 

10.6 
 
 Asset Purchase Agreement with Illinois Restaurant Concepts, LLC dated July 23, 2021 (Incorporated by reference from Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 28, 2021) 

10.7 
 
 Asset Purchase Agreement with Indy Restaurant Concepts, LLC dated July 23, 2021 (Incorporated by reference from Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 28, 2021) 

10.8 
 
 Asset Purchase Agreement with MRC, LLC dated July 23, 2021 (Incorporated by reference from Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 28, 2021) 

10.9 
 
 Asset Purchase Agreement with Raleigh Restaurant Concepts, LLC dated July 23, 2021 (Incorporated by reference from Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 28, 2021) 

10.10 
 
 Asset Purchase Agreement with Stout Restaurant Concepts, LLC dated July 23, 2021 (Incorporated by reference from Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 28, 2021) 

10.11 
 
 Asset Purchase Agreement with VCG Restaurants Denver, LLC dated July 23, 2021 (Incorporated by reference from Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 28, 2021) 

10.12 
 
 Asset Purchase Agreement with Market Entertainment, Inc. dated July 23, 2021 (Incorporated by reference from Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 28, 2021) 

10.13 
 
 Asset Purchase Agreement with OG1, LLC dated July 23, 2021 (Incorporated by reference from Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 28, 2021) 

10.14 
 
 Stock Purchase Agreement with HWL-3 LLLP (for the purchase of Kenkev, Inc.) dated July 23, 2021 (Incorporated by reference from Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 28, 2021) 

10.15 
 
 Real Estate Purchase and Sale Agreement with Real Property Sellers dated July 23, 2021 (Incorporated by reference from Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 28, 2021) 

10.16 
 
 Loan Agreement between RCI Holdings, Inc. and Centennial Bank (Incorporated by reference from Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 4, 2021) 

10.17 
 
 Absolute Unconditional and Continuing Guaranty of RCI Hospitality Holdings, Inc. (Incorporated by reference from Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 4, 2021) 

10.18 
 
 Absolute Unconditional and Continuing Guaranty of Eric S. Langan (Incorporated by reference from Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 4, 2021) 

10.19 
 
 Intellectual Property Purchase Agreement between Big Sky Hospitality Holdings, Inc. and Club Licensing, LLC (Incorporated by reference from Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 21, 2021) 

10.20 
 
 Guaranty by RCI Hospitality Holdings, Inc. in favor of Family Dog (Incorporated by reference from Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 21, 2021) 

10.21 
 
 Guaranty by RCI Hospitality Holdings, Inc. in favor of 3480 South Galena LLC (Incorporated by reference from Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 21, 2021) 

10.22 
 
 Guaranty by RCI Hospitality Holdings, Inc. in favor of Club Licensing, LLC (Incorporated by reference from Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 21, 2021) 

10.23 
 
 Lock-Up Agreement between RCI Hospitality Holdings, Inc. and Family Dog, LLC (Incorporated by reference from Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 21, 2021) 

10.24 
 
 Lock-Up Agreement by RCI Hospitality Holdings, Inc. in favor of Club Licensing, LLC (Incorporated by reference from Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 21, 2021) 

21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries 

23.1

Consent of Friedman LLP 

101 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer of RCI Hospitality Holdings, Inc. required by Rule 13a-14(1) or Rule 15d - 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer of RCI Hospitality Holdings, Inc. required by Rule 13a-14(1) or Rule 15d - 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of RCI Hospitality Holdings, Inc. pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and Section 1350 of 18 U.S.C. 63. 

101.INS 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Instance Document 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definitions Linkbase 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

Incorporated by reference from our previous filings with the SEC. 

Item
16. Form 10-K Summary. 

None. 

102 

SIGNATURES 

In
accordance with the requirements of Section 13 of 15(d) of the Exchange Act, the Registrant has caused this report to be signed on its
behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, on December 14, 2021. 

RCI
 Hospitality Holdings, Inc. 

By:
 
 /s/
 Eric S. Langan 

Eric
 S. Langan 

Chief
 Executive Officer and President 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Exchange Act, this report has been signed below by the following persons in the capacities and on the dates
indicated: 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/
 Eric S. Langan 

Eric
 S. Langan 
 
 Director,
 Chief Executive Officer, and President 
 
 December
 14, 2021 

/s/
 Bradley Chhay 

Bradley
 Chhay 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer 
 
 December 14, 2021 

/s/
 Travis Reese 

Travis
 Reese 
 
 Director
 and Executive Vice President 
 
 December 14, 2021 

/s/
 Yura Barabash 

Yura
 Barabash 
 
 Director 
 
 December 14, 2021 

/s/
 Luke Lirot 

Luke
 Lirot 
 
 Director 
 
 December 14, 2021 

/s/
 Elaine Martin 

Elaine
 Martin 
 
 Director 
 
 December 14, 2021 

/s/
 Arthur Allan Priaulx 

Arthur
 Allan Priaulx 
 
 Director 
 
 December
 14, 2021 

103 

<EX-21.1>
 2
 ex21-1.htm

Exhibit
21.1 

Subsidiaries
of the Registrant 

Name 
 
 State
 of 
 Organization 

10557
 Wireway, Inc. 
 
 Texas 
 
 1222
 Glenarm, Inc. 
 
 Colorado 
 
 12291
 CBW LLC 
 
 Texas 
 
 1401
 Mississippi, Inc. 
 
 Illinois 
 
 1443
 Stout, Inc. 
 
 Colorado 
 
 1601
 West Evans, Inc. 
 
 Colorado 
 
 200
 Monsanto, Inc 
 
 Illinois 
 
 200
 Riverside, Inc. 
 
 Maine 
 
 2023
 Sable Lane, Inc. 
 
 Texas 
 
 2151
 Manana, Inc. 
 
 Texas 
 
 227
 East Market, Inc. 
 
 Kentucky 
 
 3210
 Yonkers, Inc. 
 
 North
 Carolina 
 
 3480
 South Galena, Inc. 
 
 Colorado 
 
 4451
 East Virginia, Inc. 
 
 Colorado 
 
 5268
 Newburgh, Inc. 
 
 New
 York 
 
 7916
 Pendleton, Inc. 
 
 Indiana 
 
 BGC
 135 9th Street, Inc. 
 
 Pennsylvania 
 
 Big
 Sky Hospitality Holdings, Inc. 
 
 Texas 
 
 BMB
 Dining Services (249), Inc. 
 
 Texas 
 
 BMB
 Dining Services (290), Inc. 
 
 Texas 
 
 BMB
 Dining Services (360), Inc. 
 
 Texas 
 
 BMB
 Dining Services (59), Inc. 
 
 Texas 
 
 BMB
 Dining Services (Austin), Inc. 
 
 Texas 
 
 BMB
 Dining Services (Beaumont), Inc. 
 
 Texas 
 
 BMB
 Dining Services (Frisco), Inc. 
 
 Texas 
 
 BMB
 Dining Services (Fuqua), Inc. 
 
 Texas 
 
 BMB
 Dining Services (Grapevine), Inc. 
 
 Texas 
 
 BMB
 Dining Services (I-10 East), Inc. 
 
 Texas 
 
 BMB
 Dining Services (Katy), Inc. 
 
 Texas 
 
 BMB
 Dining Services (Lewisville), Inc. 
 
 Texas 
 
 BMB
 Dining Services (Pearland), Inc. 
 
 Texas 
 
 BMB
 Dining Services (Pembroke Pines), Inc. 
 
 Florida 
 
 BMB
 Dining Services (Spring), Inc. 
 
 Texas 
 
 BMB
 Dining Services (Stafford), Inc. 
 
 Texas 
 
 BMB
 Dining Services (Stemmons), Inc. 
 
 Texas 
 
 BMB
 Dining Services (Willowbrook), Inc. 
 
 Texas 
 
 BMB
 Franchising Services, Inc. 
 
 Texas 
 
 Bobby s
 Novelty, Inc. 
 
 Texas 
 
 Broadstreets
 Cabaret, Inc. 
 
 Texas 
 
 CA
 Ault Investments, Inc. 
 
 Texas 
 
 Cabaret
 North Parking, Inc. 
 
 Texas 
 
 California
 Grill LLC 
 
 Texas 
 
 Citation
 Land LLC 
 
 Texas 
 
 Drink
 Robust, Inc. 
 
 Texas 
 
 E.
 D. Publications, Inc. 
 
 Texas 
 
 Fantastic
 Dining, Inc. 
 
 Texas 
 
 Fantastic
 Dining #2, Inc. 
 
 Texas 
 
 Fine
 Dining Club Inc. 
 
 Texas 
 
 Forest
 Lane Ventures, Inc. 
 
 Texas 
 
 Global
 Marketing Agency, Inc. 
 
 Texas 
 
 Green
 Star Inc. 
 
 Texas 
 
 Hotel
 Development Texas Ltd. 
 
 Texas 
 
 Illusions
 Dallas Private Club, LLC 
 
 Texas 
 
 Indy
 Restaurant Concepts, Inc. 
 
 Indiana 
 
 Jaguars
 Acquisition, Inc. 
 
 Texas 
 
 Jaguars
 Holdings, Inc. 
 
 Texas 
 
 JAI
 Dining Services (Beaumont), Inc. 
 
 Texas 
 
 JAI
 Dining Services (Edinburg), Inc. 
 
 Texas 
 
 JAI
 Dining Services (El Paso), Inc. 
 
 Texas 
 
 JAI
 Dining Services (Harlingen), Inc. 
 
 Texas 
 
 JAI
 Dining Services (Longview), Inc. 
 
 Texas 
 
 JAI
 Dining Services (Lubbock), Inc. 
 
 Texas 
 
 JAI
 Dining Services (Odessa II), Inc. 
 
 Texas 
 
 JAI
 Dining Services (Odessa), Inc. 
 
 Texas 
 
 JAI
 Dining Services (Phoenix), Inc. 
 
 Texas 
 
 JAI
 Dining Services (Tye), Inc. 
 
 Texas 
 
 Joint
 Ventures, Inc. 
 
 Texas 
 
 JW
 Lee, Inc. 
 
 Florida 
 
 Kenkev,
 Inc. 
 
 Maine 
 
 Kingsbury
 Acquisition, Inc. 
 
 Illinois 
 
 Manana
 Entertainment, Inc. 
 
 Texas 
 
 Memphis
 Ventures, Inc. 
 
 Texas 
 
 Miami
 Gardens Square One, Inc. 
 
 Florida 
 
 New
 Spiros, LLC 
 
 Texas 
 
 North
 IH 35 Investments, Incorporated 
 
 Texas 
 
 Peregrine
 Enterprises, Inc. 
 
 New
 York 
 
 PNC
 Marketing, Inc. 
 
 Texas 
 
 Pooh
 Bah Enterprises, Inc. 
 
 Illinois 
 
 RB
 Restaurants, Inc. 
 
 Texas 
 
 RCI
 33 rd Street Ventures, Inc. 
 
 New
 York 
 
 RCI
 Dating Services, Inc. 
 
 Texas 
 
 RCI
 Debit Services, Inc. 
 
 Texas 
 
 RCI
 Dining (DFW), LLC 
 
 Texas 

Name 
 
 State
 of 
 Organization 

RCI
 Dining Services (16328 I-35), Inc. 
 
 Texas 
 
 RCI
 Dining Services (37th Street), Inc. 
 
 New
 York 
 
 RCI
 Dining Services (Airport Freeway), Inc. 
 
 Texas 
 
 RCI
 Dining Services (Beaumont), Inc. 
 
 Texas 
 
 RCI
 Dining Services (Charlotte), Inc. 
 
 North
 Carolina 
 
 RCI
 Dining Services (Glenwood), Inc. 
 
 Minnesota 
 
 RCI
 Dining Services (Harvey), Inc. 
 
 Illinois 
 
 RCI
 Dining Services (Hobby), Inc. 
 
 Texas 
 
 RCI
 Dining Services (Imperial Valley), Inc. 
 
 Texas 
 
 RCI
 Dining Services (Inwood), Inc. 
 
 Texas 
 
 RCI
 Dining Services (Kappa), Inc. 
 
 Illinois 
 
 RCI
 Dining Services (Manana), Inc. 
 
 Texas 
 
 RCI
 Dining Services (Nashville), Inc. 
 
 Tennessee 
 
 RCI
 Dining Services (New York), Inc. 
 
 New
 York 
 
 RCI
 Dining Services (Pembroke Park), Inc. 
 
 Florida 
 
 RCI
 Dining Services (Round Rock), Inc. 
 
 Texas 
 
 RCI
 Dining Services (Stemmons), Inc. 
 
 Texas 
 
 RCI
 Dining Services (Stemmons2), Inc. 
 
 Texas 
 
 RCI
 Dining Services (Sulphur), Inc. 
 
 Louisiana 
 
 RCI
 Dining Services (Superior Parkway), Inc. 
 
 Texas 
 
 RCI
 Dining Services (Tarrant County), Inc. 
 
 Texas 
 
 RCI
 Dining Services (Vee), Inc. 
 
 Texas 
 
 RCI
 Dining Services (Washington Park), Inc. 
 
 Illinois 
 
 RCI
 Dining Services MN (4th Street), Inc. 
 
 Minnesota 
 
 RCI
 Entertainment (3105 I-35), Inc. 
 
 Texas 
 
 RCI
 Entertainment (3315 N FWY FW), Inc. 
 
 Texas 
 
 RCI
 Entertainment (Austin), Inc. 
 
 Texas 
 
 RCI
 Entertainment (Dallas), Inc. 
 
 Texas 
 
 RCI
 Entertainment (Fort Worth), Inc. 
 
 Texas 
 
 RCI
 Entertainment (Media Holdings), Inc. 
 
 Texas 
 
 RCI
 Entertainment (Minnesota), Inc. 
 
 Minnesota 
 
 RCI
 Entertainment (New York), Inc. 
 
 New
 York 
 
 RCI
 Entertainment (North Carolina), Inc. 
 
 North
 Carolina 
 
 RCI
 Entertainment (North FW), Inc. 
 
 Texas 
 
 RCI
 Entertainment (Northwest Hwy), Inc. 
 
 Texas 
 
 RCI
 Entertainment (Philadelphia), Inc. 
 
 Pennsylvania 
 
 RCI
 Entertainment (San Antonio), Inc. 
 
 Texas 
 
 RCI
 Entertainment (Texas), Inc. 
 
 Texas 
 
 RCI
 Entertainment MN (300 South 3rd Street), Inc. 
 
 Minnesota 
 
 RCI
 Holdings, Inc. 
 
 Texas 
 
 RCI
 IH 635 Property, Inc. 
 
 Texas 
 
 RCI
 Internet Holdings, Inc. 
 
 Texas 
 
 RCI
 Internet Services, Inc. 
 
 Texas 
 
 RCI
 Leasing LLC 
 
 Texas 
 
 RCI
 Management Services, Inc. 
 
 Texas 
 
 RCI
 Wireway, Inc. 
 
 Texas 
 
 Rockwall
 Restaurant Group, Inc. 
 
 Texas 
 
 S
 Willy s Lubbock LLC 
 
 Texas 
 
 Sadco,
 Inc. 
 
 Texas 
 
 Solo
 Concessions, Inc. 
 
 Texas 
 
 SP
 Administration, Inc. 
 
 Texas 
 
 Spiros
 Partners Ltd. 
 
 Texas 
 
 Stellar
 Management Corporation 
 
 Florida 
 
 StorErotica,
 Inc. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Tantra
 Dance, Inc. 
 
 Texas 
 
 Tantra
 Parking, Inc. 
 
 Texas 
 
 Tennessee
 Tech Holdings, Inc. 
 
 Texas 
 
 TEZ
 Management LLC 
 
 Pennsylvania 
 
 TEZ
 Real Estate LP 
 
 Pennsylvania 
 
 Top
 Shelf Entertainment LLC 
 
 North
 Carolina 
 
 Trumps,
 Inc. 
 
 Texas 
 
 TRR
 Leasing, Inc. 
 
 Texas 
 
 TT
 Leasing LLC 
 
 Texas 
 
 WKC,
 Inc. 
 
 Texas 
 
 XTC
 Cabaret (Dallas), Inc. 
 
 Texas 
 
 XTC
 Cabaret, Inc. 
 
 Texas 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 3
 ex23-1.htm

Exhibit
23.1 

CONSENT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

We
hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-3 (No. 333-174207, No. 333-194343 and
No. 333-256158) of RCI Hospitality Holdings, Inc. (the Company of our reports dated December 14, 2021, relating
to the consolidated financial statements, and the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting, which
appear in this Form 10-K. Our report on the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting expresses an adverse opinion on
the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2021. 

/s/
 Friedman LLP 

Marlton,
 New Jersey 

December
 14, 2021 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 ex31-1.htm

Exhibit
31.1 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE 

 SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

I,
Eric S. Langan, Chief Executive Officer of RCI Hospitality Holdings, Inc., certify that: 

1. 
 I
 have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of RCI Hospitality Holdings, Inc.; 

2. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
 this report; 

4. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
 (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
 Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to
 ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under my
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

(d) 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal year that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
 control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
 reporting, to the registrant s independent registered public accounting firm and the audit committee of the registrant s
 board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

(b) 
 Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
 December 14, 2021 
 By:
 
 /s/
 Eric S. Langan 

Eric
 S. Langan 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 ex31-2.htm

Exhibit
31.2 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE 

 SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

I,
Bradley Chhay, Chief Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer of RCI Hospitality Holdings, Inc., certify that: 

1. 
 I
 have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of RCI Hospitality Holdings, Inc.; 

2. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
 this report; 

4. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
 (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
 Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to
 ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under my
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

(d) 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal year that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
 control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
 reporting, to the registrant s independent registered public accounting firm and the audit committee of the registrant s
 board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

(b) 
 Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
 December 14, 2021 
 By:
 
 /s/
 Bradley Chhay 

Bradley
 Chhay 

Chief
 Financial Officer/Principal Accounting Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 ex32-1.htm

Exhibit
32.1 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(b) OR 

 RULE
15d-14(b) and 18 U.S.C. Sec.1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the annual report of RCI Hospitality Holdings, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended September
30, 2021 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), the undersigned Chief Executive
Officer and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that based on their knowledge: 

(1) 
 The
 Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
 The
 information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
 of the Company. 

/s/
 Eric S. Langan 

Eric
 S. Langan 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

December
 14, 2021 

/s/
 Bradley Chhay 

Bradley
 Chhay 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

December
 14, 2021 

A
signed original of this written statement required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting
the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided
to RCI Hospitality Holdings, Inc. and will be retained by RCI Hospitality Holdings, Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange
Commission or its staff upon request. 

The
foregoing certification is being furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission as an exhibit to the Form 10-K and shall not be
considered filed as part of the Form 10-K. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 rick-20210930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 rick-20210930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 rick-20210930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 rick-20210930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

