<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20211221_10-K_edgar_data_46619_0000046619-21-000085.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>15552774</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>235116</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2706678</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4855334</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3993257</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3503987</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000046619-21-000085.hdr.sgml : 20211221
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20211221160641
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000046619-21-000085
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		125
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20211031
FILED AS OF DATE:		20211221
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20211221

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			HEICO CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000046619
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	AIRCRAFT ENGINES & ENGINE PARTS [3724]
		IRS NUMBER:				650341002
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			FL
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1031

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-04604
		FILM NUMBER:		211509204

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3000 TAFT ST
		CITY:			HOLLYWOOD
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33021
		BUSINESS PHONE:		954-987-4000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3000 TAFT STREET
		CITY:			HOLLYWOOD
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33021

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	HEINICKE INSTRUMENTS CO
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19860417

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000046619-21-000085.txt : 20211221

10-K
 1
 hei-20211031.htm
 10-K

hei-20211031 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended , 2021 or 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from ______ to _______ 
 Commission File Number: 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No o 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management's assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant was based on the closing price of HEICO Common Stock and Class A Common Stock as of April 30, 2021 as reported by the New York Stock Exchange. 
 The number of shares outstanding of each of the registrant s classes of common stock as of December 20, 2021 is as follows: 
 Common Stock, par value 
 shares Class A Common Stock, par value 
 shares 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
 Portions of the registrant's definitive proxy statement for the 2022 Annual Meeting of Shareholders are incorporated by reference into Part III of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Index 

 HEICO CORPORATION 
 INDEX TO ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K 
 FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED OCTOBER 31, 2021 
 Page PART I Item 1. Business 
 1 
 Information About Our Executive Officers 
 15 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 17 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 26 
 Item 2. Properties 
 27 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 27 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 28 
 PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 28 
 Item 6. [Reserved] 
 31 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 31 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 46 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 47 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 102 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 102 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 105 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 105 
 PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 105 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 106 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 106 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 107 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 107 
 PART IV Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 107 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 110 
 SIGNATURES 112 

Index 

 PART I 
 
 Item 1. BUSINESS 
 
 The Company 
 
 HEICO Corporation through its subsidiaries (collectively, HEICO, we, us, our or the Company believes it is the world s largest manufacturer of Federal Aviation Administration FAA )-approved jet engine and aircraft component replacement parts, other than the original equipment manufacturers OEMs and their subcontractors. HEICO also believes it is a leading manufacturer of various types of electronic equipment for the aviation, defense, space, medical, telecommunications and electronics industries. 
 
 The Company was originally organized in 1957 as a holding company known as HEICO Corporation. As part of a reorganization completed in 1993, the original holding company (formerly known as HEICO Corporation) was renamed as HEICO Aerospace Corporation and a new holding corporation known as HEICO Corporation was created. The reorganization did not result in any change in the business of the Company, its consolidated assets or liabilities or the relative interests of its shareholders. 
 
 Our business is comprised of two operating segments: 
 
 The Flight Support Group . Our Flight Support Group FSG ), consisting of HEICO Aerospace Holdings Corp. and HEICO Flight Support Corp. and their collective subsidiaries, accounted for 50 , 52 and 60 of our net sales in fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. The FSG uses proprietary technology to design and manufacture jet engine and aircraft component replacement parts for sale at lower prices than those manufactured by OEMs. These parts are approved by the FAA and are the functional equivalent of parts sold by OEMs. In addition, the FSG repairs, overhauls and distributes jet engine and aircraft components, avionics and instruments for domestic and foreign commercial air carriers and aircraft repair companies as well as military and business aircraft operators. The FSG also manufactures and sells specialty parts as a subcontractor for aerospace and industrial original equipment manufacturers and the United States ("U.S.") government. Additionally, the FSG is a leading supplier, distributor, and integrator of military aircraft parts and support services primarily to foreign military organizations allied with the U.S. and a leading manufacturer of advanced niche components and complex composite assemblies for commercial aviation, defense and space applications. Further, the FSG engineers, designs and manufactures thermal insulation blankets and parts as well as removable/reusable insulation systems for aerospace, defense, commercial and industrial applications; manufactures expanded foil mesh for lightning strike protection in fixed and rotary wing aircraft; distributes aviation electrical interconnect products and electromechanical parts; overhauls industrial pumps, motors, and other hydraulic units with a focus on the support of legacy systems for the U.S. Navy; and performs tight-tolerance machining, brazing, fabricating and welding services for aerospace, defense and other industrial applications. 
 
 1 

Index 

 The Electronic Technologies Group . Our Electronic Technologies Group ETG ), consisting of HEICO Electronic Technologies Corp. and its subsidiaries, accounted for 50 , 48 and 40 of our net sales in fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. The ETG derived approximately 63 , 66 and 64 of its net sales in fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively, from the sale of products and services to U.S. and foreign military agencies, prime defense contractors and both commercial and defense satellite and spacecraft manufacturers. The ETG collectively designs, manufactures and sells various types of electronic, data and microwave, and electro-optical products, including infrared simulation and test equipment, laser rangefinder receivers, electrical power supplies, back-up power supplies, power conversion products, underwater locator beacons, emergency locator transmission beacons, flight deck annunciators, panels, and indicators, electromagnetic and radio frequency interference shielding and filters, high power capacitor charging power supplies, amplifiers, traveling wave tube amplifiers, photodetectors, amplifier modules, microwave power modules, flash lamp drivers, laser diode drivers, arc lamp power supplies, custom power supply designs, cable assemblies, high voltage power supplies, high voltage interconnection devices and wire, high voltage energy generators, high frequency power delivery systems; memory products, including three-dimensional microelectronic and stacked memory, static random-access memory (SRAM), and electronically erasable programmable read-only memory (EEPROM); harsh environment electronic connectors and other interconnect products, radio frequency ("RF") and microwave amplifiers, transmitters, and receivers and integrated assemblies, sub-assemblies and components; RF sources, detectors and controllers, wireless cabin control systems, solid state power distribution and management systems, crashworthy and ballistically self-sealing auxiliary fuel systems, nuclear radiation detectors, communications and electronic intercept receivers and tuners, fuel level sensing systems, high-speed interface products that link devices, high performance active antenna systems for commercial aircraft, precision guided munitions, other defense applications and commercial uses; silicone material for a variety of demanding applications; precision power analog monolithic, hybrid and open frame components; high-reliability ceramic-to-metal feedthroughs and connectors, technical surveillance countermeasures (TSCM) equipment to detect devices used for espionage and information theft; and rugged small-form factor embedded computing solutions. 
 
 HEICO has continuously operated in the aerospace industry for over 60 years. Since assuming control in 1990, our current management has achieved significant sales and profit growth through a broadened line of product offerings, an expanded customer base, increased research and development expenditures and the completion of a number of acquisitions. As a result of internal growth and acquisitions, our net sales from continuing operations have grown from 26.2 million in fiscal 1990 to 1,865.7 million in fiscal 2021, representing a compound annual growth rate of approximately 15 . During the same period, we improved our net income from 2.0 million to 304.2 million, representing a compound annual growth rate of approximately 18 . 
 
 Our results of operations in fiscal 2021 were adversely impacted from the ongoing COVID-19 global pandemic (the Pandemic ). The effects of the Pandemic and related actions by governments around the world to mitigate its spread have impacted our employees, 
 2 

Index 

 customers, suppliers and manufacturers. See Item 7, Management's Discussion and Analysi s , for additional details on the effects of the Pandemic on the Company. 
 
 Disciplined Acquisition Strategy 
 
 Acquisitions have been an important element of our growth strategy over the past thirty-one years, supplementing our organic growth. Since 1990, we have completed approximately 88 acquisitions complementing the niche segments of the aviation, defense, space, medical, telecommunications and electronics industries in which we operate. We typically target acquisition opportunities that allow us to broaden our product offerings, services and technologies while expanding our customer base and geographic presence. Even though we have historically pursued an active acquisition policy, our disciplined acquisition strategy involves limiting acquisition candidates to businesses that we believe will continue to grow, offer strong cash flow and earnings potential, and are available at fair prices. See Note 2, Acquisitions, of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for further information regarding our recent acquisitions. 
 
 Flight Support Group 
 
 The Flight Support Group serves a broad spectrum of the aviation industry, including (i) commercial airlines and air cargo carriers; (ii) repair and overhaul facilities; (iii) OEMs; and (iv) U.S. and foreign governments. 
 
 The FSG competes with the leading industry OEMs and, to a lesser extent, with a number of smaller, independent parts distributors. Historically, the three principal jet engine OEMs, General Electric (including CFM International), Pratt Whitney and Rolls Royce, have been the sole source of substantially all jet engine replacement parts for their jet engines. Other OEMs have been the sole source of replacement parts for their aircraft component parts. While we believe that we are the largest independent supplier of non-OEM jet engine and aircraft component replacement parts, we have in recent years been adding new products to our line at a rate of approximately 300 to 500 Parts Manufacturer Approvals PMA or PMAs per year. We have developed for our customers approximately 12,000 parts for which PMAs have been received from the FAA. 
 
 Jet engine and aircraft component replacement parts can be categorized by their ongoing ability to be repaired and returned to service. The general categories in which we participate are as follows: (i) rotable; (ii) repairable; and (iii) expendable. A rotable is a part which is removed periodically as dictated by an operator s maintenance procedures or on an as needed basis and is typically repaired or overhauled and re-used an indefinite number of times. An important subset of rotables is life limited parts. A life limited rotable has a designated number of allowable flight hours and/or cycles (one take-off and landing generally constitutes one cycle) after which it is rendered unusable. A repairable is similar to a rotable except that it can only be repaired a limited number of times before it must be discarded. An expendable is generally a part which is used and not thereafter repaired for further use. 
 
 3 

Index 

 Jet engine and aircraft component replacement parts are classified within the industry as (i) factory-new; (ii) new surplus; (iii) overhauled; (iv) repairable; and (v) as removed. A factory-new or new surplus part is one that has never been installed or used. Factory-new parts are purchased from FAA-approved manufacturers (such as HEICO or OEMs) or their authorized distributors. New surplus parts are purchased from excess stock of airlines, repair facilities or other redistributors. An overhauled part is one that has been completely repaired and inspected by a licensed repair facility such as ours. An aircraft spare part is classified as repairable if it can be repaired by a licensed repair facility under applicable regulations. A part may also be classified as repairable if it can be removed by the operator from an aircraft or jet engine while operating under an approved maintenance program and is airworthy and meets any manufacturer or time and cycle restrictions applicable to the part. A factory-new, new surplus or overhauled part designation indicates that the part can be immediately utilized on an aircraft. A part in as removed or repairable condition requires inspection and possibly functional testing, repair or overhaul by a licensed facility prior to being returned to service in an aircraft. 
 
 FAA Approvals and Product Design . Non-OEM manufacturers of jet engine and aircraft component replacement parts must receive a PMA from the FAA to sell the replacement part. The PMA approval process includes the submission of sample parts, drawings and testing data to one of the FAA s Aircraft Certification Offices where the submitted data are analyzed. We believe that an applicant s ability to successfully complete the PMA process is limited by several factors, including (i) the agency s confidence level in the applicant; (ii) the complexity of the part; (iii) the volume of PMAs being filed; and (iv) the resources available to the FAA. We also believe that companies such as HEICO that have demonstrated their advanced design engineering and manufacturing capabilities, including an established favorable track record with the FAA, generally receive a faster turnaround time in the processing of PMA applications. Finally, we believe that the PMA process creates a significant barrier to entry in this market niche through both its technical demands and its limits on the rate at which competitors can bring products to market. 
 
 Factory-New Jet Engine and Aircraft Component Replacement Parts . The FSG engages in the research and development, design, manufacture and sale of FAA-approved replacement parts that are sold to domestic and foreign commercial air carriers and aircraft repair and overhaul companies. Our principal competitors are aircraft engine and aircraft component manufacturers. The FSG's factory-new replacement parts include various jet engine and aircraft component replacement parts. A key element of our growth strategy is the continued design and development of an increasing number of PMA replacement parts in order to further penetrate our existing customer base and obtain new customers. We select the jet engine and aircraft component replacement parts to design and manufacture through a selection process which analyzes industry information to determine which replacement parts are suitable candidates. 
 
 Repair and Overhaul Services . The FSG provides repair and overhaul services on selected jet engine and aircraft component parts, as well as on avionics, instruments, composites and flight surfaces of commercial aircraft operated by domestic and foreign commercial airlines. The FSG also provides repair and overhaul services including avionics and navigation systems as well as subcomponents and other instruments utilized on military aircraft operated by the U.S. 
 4 

Index 

 government and foreign military agencies and for aircraft repair and overhaul companies. Our repair and overhaul operations require a high level of expertise, advanced technology and sophisticated equipment. Services include the repair, refurbishment and overhaul of numerous accessories and parts mounted on gas turbine engines and airframes. Components overhauled include fuel pumps, generators, fuel controls, pneumatic valves, starters and actuators, turbo compressors and constant speed drives, hydraulic pumps, valves and actuators, wheels and brakes, composite flight controls, electro-mechanical equipment, auxiliary power unit accessories and thrust reverse actuation systems. Some of the repair and overhaul services provided by the FSG are proprietary repairs approved by an FAA-qualified designated engineering representative DER and/or by the owner/operator. Such proprietary repairs typically create cost savings or provide engineering flexibility. The FSG also provides commercial airlines, regional operators, asset management companies and Maintenance, Repair and Overhaul MRO providers with high quality and cost effective niche accessory component exchange services as an alternative to OEMs spares services. 
 
 Distribution . The FSG distributes FAA-approved parts including hydraulic, pneumatic, structural, interconnect, mechanical and electro-mechanical components for the commercial, regional and general aviation markets. The FSG also is a leading supplier, distributor, and integrator of military aircraft parts and support services primarily to foreign military organizations allied with the U.S. Further, we believe the FSG is a leading provider of products and services necessary to maintain up-to-date F-16 fighter aircraft operational capabilities. 
 
 Manufacture of Specialty Aircraft/Defense Related Parts and Subcontracting for OEMs . The FSG engineers, designs and manufactures thermal insulation blankets and parts as well as renewable/reusable insulation systems primarily for aerospace, defense, commercial and industrial applications. The FSG also manufactures specialty components for sale as a subcontractor for aerospace and industrial original equipment manufacturers and the U.S. government. Additionally, the FSG manufactures advanced niche components and complex composite assemblies for commercial aviation, defense and space applications, manufactures expanded foil mesh, which is integrated into composite aerospace structures for lightning strike protection in fixed and rotary wing aircraft and performs tight-tolerance machining, brazing, fabricating and welding for aerospace, defense and other industrial applications. 
 
 As part of our growth strategy, we have continued to increase our research and development activities. Research and development expenditures by the FSG, which were approximately .3 million in fiscal 1991, increased to approximately 18.3 million in fiscal 2021, 19.1 million in fiscal 2020 and 23.8 million in fiscal 2019. We believe that our FSG's research and development capabilities are a significant component of our historical success and an integral part of our growth strategy. In recent years, the FAA granted us PMAs for approximately 300 to 500 new parts and we develop numerous new proprietary repairs per year; however, no assurance can be given that the FAA will continue to grant PMAs or DER-approved repairs or that we will achieve acceptable levels of net sales and gross profits on such parts or repairs in the future. 
 
 5 

Index 

 We benefit from our proprietary rights relating to certain design, engineering and manufacturing processes and repair and overhaul procedures. Customers often rely on us to provide initial and additional components, as well as to redesign, re-engineer, replace or repair and provide overhaul services on such aircraft components at every stage of their useful lives. In addition, for some products, our unique manufacturing capabilities are required by the customer s specifications or designs, thereby necessitating reliance on us for production of such designed products. 
 
 We have no material patents for the proprietary techniques, including software and manufacturing expertise, we have developed to manufacture jet engine and aircraft component replacement parts and instead, we primarily rely on trade secret protection. Although our proprietary techniques and software and manufacturing expertise are subject to misappropriation or obsolescence, we believe that we take appropriate measures to prevent misappropriation or obsolescence from occurring by developing new techniques and improving existing methods and processes, which we will continue on an ongoing basis as dictated by the technological needs of our business. 
 
 We believe that, based on our competitive pricing, reputation for high quality, short lead time requirements, strong relationships with domestic and foreign commercial air carriers and repair stations (companies that overhaul aircraft engines and/or components), and successful track record of receiving PMAs and repair approvals from the FAA and commercial air carriers, we are uniquely positioned to continue to increase the products and services offered and gain market share. 
 
 Electronic Technologies Group 
 
 Our Electronic Technologies Group s strategy is to design and manufacture highly-engineered, mission-critical subcomponents that must successfully operate in the harshest environments, for smaller, niche markets, but which are utilized in larger systems systems like power, targeting, tracking, identification, simulation, testing, communications, lighting, surgical, medical imaging, baggage scanning, telecom and computer systems. These systems are, in turn, often located on another platform, such as aircraft, rotorcraft, satellites, ships, spacecraft, land vehicles, handheld devices and other platforms. 
 
 Electro-Optical Infrared Simulation and Test Equipment . The ETG is a designer and manufacturer of niche state-of-the-art simulation, testing and calibration equipment used in the development of missile seeking technology, airborne targeting and reconnaissance systems, shipboard targeting and reconnaissance systems, space-based sensors as well as ground vehicle-based systems. These products include infrared scene projector equipment, such as our MIRAGE IR Scene Simulator, high precision blackbody sources, software and integrated calibration systems. 
 
 Simulation equipment allows the U.S. government and allied foreign military to save money on missile testing as it allows infrared-based missiles to be tested on a multi-axis, rotating table instead of requiring the launch of a complete missile. In addition, several large military 
 6 

Index 

 prime contractors have elected to purchase such equipment from us instead of maintaining internal staff to do so because we can offer a more cost-effective solution. Our customers include major U.S. Department of Defense weapons laboratories and defense prime contractors. 
 
 Electro-Optical Laser Products . The ETG is a designer and maker of laser rangefinder receivers and other photodetectors used in airborne, vehicular and handheld targeting systems manufactured by major prime military contractors. Most of our rangefinder receiver product offering consists of complex and patented products which detect reflected light from laser targeting systems and allow the systems to confirm target accuracy and calculate target distances prior to discharging a weapon system. Some of these products are also used in laser eye surgery systems for tracking ocular movement. 
 
 Electro-Optical, Microwave and Other Power Equipment . The ETG produces power supplies, amplifiers and flash lamp drivers used in laser systems for military, medical and other applications that are sometimes utilized with our rangefinder receivers. We also produce emergency back-up power supplies and batteries used on commercial aircraft and business jets for services such as emergency exit lighting, emergency fuel shut-off, power door assists, cockpit voice recorders and flight computers. Additionally, we design, manufacture and repair flight deck annunciators, panels and indicators. We design and manufacture next generation wireless cabin control systems, solid state power distribution and management systems and fuel level sensing systems for business jets and for general aviation, as well as for the military/defense market. We offer custom or standard designs that solve challenging OEM requirements and meet stringent safety and emissions requirements. Our power electronics products include capacitor charger power supplies, laser diode drivers, arc lamp power supplies and custom power supply designs. 
 
 Our microwave products are used in both commercial and military satellites, spacecraft and in electronic warfare systems. These products, which include isolators, bias tees, circulators, latching ferrite switches and waveguide adapters, are used in satellites and spacecraft to control or direct energy according to operator needs. As satellites are frequently used as sensors for stand-off warfare, we believe this product line further supports our goal of increasing our activity in the stand-off market. Additionally, our microwave products include converters, receivers, transmitters, amplifiers, frequency sources and related sub-systems that address the majority of major satellite frequencies. We believe we are a leading supplier of the niche products which we design and manufacture for this market, a market that includes commercial satellites. Our customers for these products include satellite and spacecraft manufacturers. 
 
 Electromagnetic Interference (EMI) and Radio-Frequency Interference (RFI) Shielding and Suppression Filters . The ETG designs and manufactures shielding used to prevent electromagnetic energy and radio frequencies from interfering with other devices, such as computers, telecommunication devices, avionics, weapons systems and other electronic equipment. The ETG designs and manufactures EMI/RFI and transient protection solutions for a wide variety of connectors that principally serve customers within the aerospace and defense markets. Our products include a patented line of shielding applied directly to circuit boards and a line of gasket-type shielding applied to computers and other electronic equipment. Our 
 7 

Index 

 customers consist essentially of medical, electronics, telecommunications and defense equipment producers. 
 
 High-Speed Interface Products . The ETG designs and manufactures advanced high-technology, high-speed interface products utilized in homeland security, defense, medical research, astronomical and other applications across numerous industries. 
 
 High Voltage Interconnection Devices . The ETG designs and manufactures high and very high voltage interconnection devices, cable assemblies and wire for the medical equipment, defense and other industrial markets. Among others, our products are utilized in aircraft missile defense, fighter pilot helmet displays, avionic systems, medical applications, wireless communications, and industrial applications including high voltage test equipment and underwater monitoring systems. 
 
 High Voltage Advanced Power Electronics . The ETG designs and manufactures a patented line of high voltage energy generators for medical, baggage inspection and industrial imaging systems. We also produce high voltage power supplies found in satellite communications, CT scanners and in medical and industrial x-ray systems. 
 
 Power Conversion Products . The ETG designs and provides innovative power conversion products principally serving the high-reliability military, space and commercial avionics end-markets. These high density, low profile and lightweight DC-to-DC converters and electromagnetic interference filters, which include thick film hermetically sealed hybrids, military commercial-off-the-shelf and custom designed and assembled products, have become the primary specified components of their kind on a generation of complex military, space and avionics equipment. 
 
 Underwater Locator Beacons and Emergency Locator Transmission Beacons . The ETG designs and manufactures Underwater Locator Beacons ULBs used to locate aircraft Cockpit Voice Recorders and Flight Data Recorders, marine ship Voyage Recorders and various other devices which have been submerged under water. ULBs are required equipment on all U.S. FAA and European Aviation Safety Agency EASA approved Flight Data and Cockpit Voice Recorders used in aircraft and on similar systems utilized on large marine shipping vessels. The ETG also designs and manufactures Emergency Locator Transmission Beacons for the commercial aviation and defense markets. Upon activation, these safety-critical devices transmit a distress signal to alert search and rescue operations of the aircraft's location. 
 
 Traveling Wave Tube Amplifiers TWTAs and Microwave Power Modules MPMs . The ETG designs and manufactures TWTAs and MPMs predominately used in radar, electronic warfare, on-board jamming and countermeasure systems in aircraft, ships and detection platforms deployed by U.S. and allied non-U.S. military forces. 
 
 Memory Products and Specialty Semiconductors . The ETG designs, manufactures and markets three-dimensional microelectronic and stacked memory products including memories, Point of Load POL voltage converters and peripherals, industrial memories, and complex 
 8 

Index 

 System-in-Package SiP solutions. The products patented designs provide high reliability memory and circuitry in a unique and stacked form which saves space and weight. These products are principally integrated into larger subsystems equipping satellites and spacecraft and are also utilized in medical equipment. Additionally, the ETG designs and manufactures specialty semiconductors and offers a well developed line of processors as well as static random-access memory (SRAM) and electronically erasable programmable read-only memory (EEPROM) products utilized on a diverse array of military, space and medical platforms. 
 
 Harsh Environment Connectivity Products and Custom Molded Cable Assemblies . The ETG designs and manufactures high performance, high reliability and harsh environment electronic connectors and other interconnect products. These products include connectors, jacks and plugs, cables, patch panels and switches utilized in aviation, broadcast/audio, defense, industrial, medical and other equipment. 
 
 RF and Microwave Products. The ETG designs and manufactures RF and microwave amplifiers, transmitters and receivers to support military communications on unmanned aerial systems, other aircraft, helicopters and ground-based data/communications systems. The ETG designs and manufactures state-of-the-art RF and microwave integrated assemblies, sub-assemblies and components used in a broad range of demanding defense applications operating in harsh environments including space. 
 
 High Performance Communications and Electronic Intercept Receivers and Tuners. The ETG designs and manufactures innovative, high performance receiver and radio frequency digitizer products for military and intelligence applications. 
 
 Crashworthy and Ballistically Self-Sealing Auxiliary Fuel Systems. The ETG designs and manufactures mission-extending, crashworthy and ballistically self-sealing auxiliary fuel systems for military rotorcraft. 
 
 High Performance Active Antenna Systems. The ETG designs and produces high performance active antenna systems for commercial aircraft, precision guided munitions, other defense applications and commercial uses. 
 
 Nuclear Radiation Detectors. The ETG designs and manufactures highly sensitive, reliable and easy-to-use nuclear radiation detectors for law enforcement, homeland security and military applications. 
 
 Specialty Silicone Products. The ETG designs and manufactures silicone material for a variety of demanding applications used in aerospace, defense, research, oil and gas, testing, pharmaceuticals and other markets. 
 
 High-End Power Amplifiers. The ETG designs and manufactures precision power analog monolithic, hybrid and open frame components for a certain wide range of defense, industrial, measurement, medical and test applications. 
 
 9 

Index 

 High-Reliability Ceramic-to-Metal Feedthroughs and Connectors. The ETG designs and manufactures high-reliability ceramic-to-metal feedthroughs and connectors for demanding environments within the industrial, life science, medical, research, semiconductor, and other markets. 
 
 Technical Surveillance Countermeasures ("TSCM") Equipment. The ETG designs and manufactures TSCM equipment to detect devices used for espionage and information theft serving government agencies, law enforcement, corporate security personnel and TSCM professionals worldwide. 
 
 High-end Radio Frequency Receivers and Sources. The ETG designs and manufactures RF Sources, Detectors and Controllers for a certain wide range of aerospace and defense applications. 
 
 Rugged, Small-Form-Factor Embedded Computing Solutions. The ETG designs and manufactures rugged, small-form-factor embedded computing solutions that are primarily used in rugged commercial and industrial, aerospace and defense, transportation, and smart energy applications. 
 
 As part of our growth strategy, we have continued to invest in our research and development activities. Research and development expenditures by the ETG were 50.6 million in fiscal 2021, 46.5 million in fiscal 2020 and 42.8 million in fiscal 2019. We believe that our ETG's research and development capabilities are a significant component of our historical success and an integral part of our growth strategy. 
 
 Distribution, Sales, Marketing and Customers 
 
 Each of our operating segments independently conducts distribution, sales and marketing efforts directed at their respective customers and industries and, in some cases, collaborates with other operating divisions and subsidiaries within its group for cross-marketing efforts. Sales and marketing efforts are conducted primarily by in-house personnel and, to a lesser extent, by independent manufacturers representatives. Generally, our in-house sales personnel receive a base salary plus commissions and manufacturers representatives receive a commission based on sales. 
 
 We believe that direct relationships are crucial to establishing and maintaining a strong customer base and, accordingly, our senior management is actively involved in our marketing activities, particularly with established customers. We are also a member of various trade and business organizations related to the commercial aviation industry, such as the Aerospace Industries Association, which we refer to as AIA, the leading trade association representing the nation s manufacturers of commercial, military and business aircraft, aircraft engines and related components and equipment. Due in large part to our established industry presence, we enjoy strong customer relations, name recognition and repeat business. 
 
 10 

Index 

 We sell our products to a broad customer base consisting of domestic and foreign commercial and cargo airlines, repair and overhaul facilities, other aftermarket suppliers of aircraft engine and airframe materials, OEMs, domestic and foreign military units, electronic manufacturing services companies, manufacturers for the defense industry as well as medical, telecommunications, scientific, and industrial companies. No one customer accounted for sales of 10 or more of total consolidated sales from continuing operations during any of the last three fiscal years. Net sales to our five largest customers accounted for approximately 22 , 24 and 20 of total net sales in fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. 
 
 Competition 
 
 The aerospace product and service industry is characterized by intense competition. Some of our competitors have substantially greater name recognition, inventories, complementary product and service offerings, financial, marketing and other resources than we do. As a result, such competitors may be able to respond more quickly to customer requirements than we can. Moreover, smaller competitors may be in a position to offer more attractive pricing as a result of lower labor costs and other factors. 
 
 Our jet engine and aircraft component replacement parts business competes primarily with aircraft engine and aircraft component OEMs. The competition is principally based on price and service to the extent that our parts are interchangeable. With respect to other aerospace products and services sold by the Flight Support Group, we compete with both the leading jet engine and aircraft component OEMs and a large number of machining, fabrication, distribution and repair companies, some of which have greater financial and other resources than we do. Competition is based mainly on price, product performance, service and technical capability. 
 
 Competition for the repair and overhaul of jet engine and aircraft components and avionics and navigation systems as well as the manufacture of specialty aircraft and defense related parts comes from three principal sources: OEMs, major commercial airlines and other independent service companies. Some of these competitors have greater financial and other resources than we do. Some major commercial airlines own and operate their own service centers and sell repair and overhaul services to other aircraft operators. Foreign airlines that provide repair and overhaul services typically provide these services for their own aircraft components and for third parties. OEMs also maintain service centers that provide repair and overhaul services for the components they manufacture. Other independent service organizations also compete for the repair and overhaul business of other users of aircraft components. We believe that the principal competitive factors in the repair and overhaul market are quality, turnaround time, overall customer service and price. 
 
 Our Electronic Technologies Group competes with several large and small domestic and foreign competitors, some of which have greater financial and other resources than we do. The markets for our electronic, data and microwave, and electro-optical equipment products are niche markets with several competitors where competition is based mainly on design, technology, quality, price, service and customer satisfaction. 
 
 11 

Index 

 Raw Materials 
 
 We purchase a variety of raw materials, primarily consisting of high temperature alloy sheet metal and castings, forgings, pre-plated metals and electrical components from various vendors. The materials used by our operations are generally available from a number of sources and in sufficient quantities to meet current requirements subject to normal lead times. However, recent cost inflation and potential supply chain disruptions resulting from the Pandemic may lead to higher material costs in fiscal 2022. Additionally, we are subject to rules promulgated by the Securities Exchange Commission pursuant to the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act regarding the use of certain materials (tantalum, tin, gold and tungsten), known as conflict minerals, which are mined from the Democratic Republic of the Congo and adjoining countries. These rules may impose additional costs and may introduce new risks related to our ability to verify the origin of any conflict minerals used in our products. 
 
 Backlog 
 
 Our total backlog was 977 million as of October 31, 2021 as compared to 844 million as of October 31, 2020. The majority of our backlog of orders as of October 31, 2021 is expected to be filled during fiscal 2022. The ETG s backlog of unshipped orders was 580 million as of October 31, 2021, up from 559 million as of October 31, 2020. The FSG's backlog of unshipped orders was 397 million as of October 31, 2021, up from 285 million as of October 31, 2020. The increase in the FSG s backlog reflects the backlogs of businesses acquired during fiscal 2021 as well as increases across all of the FSG's product lines, but mainly within its aftermarket replacement parts product line resulting from some recovery in global commercial air travel. The FSG's backlog excludes forecasted shipments for certain contracts pursuant to which customers provide only estimated annual usage and not firm purchase orders. Our backlogs within the FSG are typically short-lead in nature with many product orders being received within the month of shipment. 
 
 Government Regulation 
 
 The FAA regulates the manufacture, repair and operation of all aircraft and aircraft parts operated in the United States. Its regulations are designed to ensure that all aircraft and aviation equipment are continuously maintained in proper condition to ensure safe operation of the aircraft. Similar rules apply in other countries. All aircraft must be maintained under a continuous condition monitoring program and must periodically undergo thorough inspection and maintenance. The inspection, maintenance and repair procedures for the various types of aircraft and equipment are prescribed by regulatory authorities and can be performed only by certified repair facilities utilizing certified technicians. Certification and conformance is required prior to installation of a part on an aircraft. Aircraft operators must maintain logs concerning the utilization and condition of aircraft engines, life-limited engine parts and airframes. In addition, the FAA requires that various maintenance routines be performed on aircraft engines, some engine parts, and airframes at regular intervals based on cycles or flight time. Engine maintenance must also be performed upon the occurrence of certain events, such as foreign object damage in an aircraft engine or the replacement of life-limited engine parts. Such 
 12 

Index 

 maintenance usually requires that an aircraft engine be taken out of service. Our operations may in the future be subject to new and more stringent regulatory requirements. In that regard, we closely monitor the FAA and industry trade groups in an attempt to understand how possible future regulations might impact us. Our businesses which sell defense products directly to the U.S. Government or for use in systems delivered to the U.S. Government can be subject to various laws and regulations governing pricing and other factors. 
 
 There has been no material adverse effect to our consolidated financial statements nor competitive positions as a result of these government regulations. 
 
 Environmental Regulation 
 
 Our operations are subject to extensive, and frequently changing, federal, state and local environmental laws and substantial related regulation by government agencies, including the Environmental Protection Agency. Among other matters, these regulatory authorities impose requirements that regulate the operation, handling, transportation and disposal of hazardous materials; protect the health and safety of workers; and require us to obtain and maintain licenses and permits in connection with our operations. This extensive regulatory framework imposes significant compliance burdens and risks on us. Notwithstanding these burdens, we believe that we are in material compliance with all federal, state and local environmental laws and regulations governing our operations. 
 
 There has been no material adverse effect to our consolidated financial statements nor competitive positions as a result of these environmental regulations. 
 
 Other Regulation 
 
 We are also subject to a variety of other regulations including work-related and community safety laws. The Occupational Safety and Health Act of 1970 mandates general requirements for safe workplaces for all employees and established the Occupational Safety and Health Administration OSHA in the Department of Labor. In particular, OSHA provides special procedures and measures for the handling of certain hazardous and toxic substances. In addition, specific safety standards have been promulgated for workplaces engaged in the treatment, disposal or storage of hazardous waste. Requirements under state law, in some circumstances, may mandate additional measures for facilities handling materials specified as extremely dangerous. We believe that our operations are in material compliance with OSHA s health and safety requirements. 
 
 Insurance 
 
 We are a named insured under policies which include the following coverage: (i) product liability, including grounding; (ii) personal property, inventory and business interruption at our facilities; (iii) general liability coverage; (iv) employee benefit liability; (v) international liability and automobile liability; (vi) umbrella liability coverage; and (vii) various other activities or 
 13 

Index 

 items, each subject to certain limits and deductibles. We believe that our insurance coverage is adequate to insure against the various liability risks of our business. 
 
 Human Capital 
 
 We believe HEICO s employees are directly responsible for its success through dedication to their profession and craft. This talented group continues to deliver industry leading growth and new product innovations, all while maintaining HEICO s unique entrepreneurial culture of excellence. 
 
 As of October 31, 2021, we had approximately 5,600 full-time and part-time employees including approximately 2,800 in the Flight Support Group and approximately 2,800 in the Electronic Technologies Group. None of our employees are represented by a U.S. domestic union. Our management believes that we have good relations with our employees. 
 
 Health and Safety 
 
 The health and safety of our workforce is fundamental to the success of our business. We safeguard our people, projects and reputation by striving for zero employee injuries and illnesses, while operating and delivering our work responsibly and sustainably. We provide our employees upfront and ongoing safety training to ensure that safety policies and procedures are effectively communicated and implemented. Personal protective equipment is provided to those employees where needed for the employee to safely perform their job function. 
 
 Compensation and Benefits 
 
 As part of our compensation philosophy, we believe that we must offer and maintain market competitive total rewards programs for our employees in order to attract and retain superior talent. In addition to healthy base wages, additional programs include annual bonus opportunities, a Company matched 401(k) Plan, healthcare and insurance benefits, health savings and flexible spending accounts, paid time off, family leave, flexible work schedules, and employee assistance programs. 
 
 Diversity and Inclusion 
 
 We are committed to our continued efforts to increase diversity and foster an inclusive work environment that supports the global workforce and the communities we serve. We recruit the best people for the job regardless of gender, ethnicity or other protected traits and it is our policy to fully comply with all laws (domestic and foreign) applicable to discrimination in the workplace. Our diversity, equity and inclusion principles are also reflected in our employee training and policies. We continue to enhance our diversity, equity and inclusion policies which are guided by our executive leadership team. 

14 

Index 

 Available Information 
 
 Our Internet website address is http://www.heico.com. We make available free of charge, through the Investors section of our website, our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, specialized disclosure reports on Form SD and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). These materials are also available free of charge on the SEC s website at http://www.sec.gov. The information on or obtainable through our website is not incorporated into this annual report on Form 10-K. 
 
 We have adopted a code of ethics that applies to our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller and other persons performing similar functions. Our Code of Ethics for Senior Financial Officers and Other Officers is part of our Code of Business Conduct, which is located on our website at http://www.heico.com. Any amendments to or waivers from a provision of this code of ethics will be posted on the website. Also located on the website are our Corporate Governance Guidelines, Finance/Audit Committee Charter, Nominating Corporate Governance Committee Charter, and Compensation Committee Charter. 
 
 Copies of the above referenced materials will be made available, free of charge, upon written request to the Corporate Secretary at HEICO Corporation, 3000 Taft Street, Hollywood, Florida 33021. 

Information About Our Executive Officers 
 
 Our executive officers are appointed by the Board of Directors and serve at the discretion of the Board. The following table sets forth the names, ages of, and positions and offices held by our executive officers as of December 20, 2021: 
 Name Age Position(s) Director Since Laurans A. Mendelson 83 Chairman of the Board; Chief Executive Officer; and Director 1989 Eric A. Mendelson 56 Co-President and Director; President and Chief Executive Officer of the HEICO Flight Support Group 1992 Victor H. Mendelson 54 Co-President and Director; President and Chief Executive Officer of the HEICO Electronic Technologies Group 1996 Thomas S. Irwin 75 Senior Executive Vice President Carlos L. Macau, Jr. 54 Executive Vice President - Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer Steven M. Walker 57 Chief Accounting Officer and Assistant Treasurer 
 
 15 

Index 

 Laurans A. Mendelson has served as our Chairman of the Board since December 1990. He has also served as our Chief Executive Officer since February 1990 and served as our President from September 1991 through September 2009. Mr. Mendelson is a former Chairman and present member of the Board of Trustees, former Chairman and present member of the Executive Committee and a current member of the Society of Mount Sinai Founders of Mount Sinai Medical Center in Miami Beach, Florida. In addition, Mr. Mendelson is a Trustee Emeritus of Columbia University in the City of New York, where he previously served as Trustee and Chairman of the Trustees Audit Committee. Early in his career, Mr. Mendelson was a licensed and practicing Certified Public Accountant in the states of Florida and New York, though he no longer practices and his license is inactive. Laurans Mendelson is the father of Eric Mendelson and Victor Mendelson. 
 
 Eric A. Mendelson has been associated with the Company since 1990, serving in various capacities. Mr. Mendelson has served as our Co-President since October 2009 and served as our Executive Vice President from 2001 through September 2009. Mr. Mendelson has also served as President and Chief Executive Officer of the HEICO Flight Support Group since its formation in 1993, as well as President of various Flight Support Group subsidiaries. Mr. Mendelson is a co-founder, and, since 1987, has been Managing Director of Mendelson International Corporation, a private investment company, which is a shareholder of HEICO. He is a member of the Board of Governors of the Aerospace Industries Association AIA in Washington, D.C., of which HEICO is a member. In addition, Mr. Mendelson is a member of the Advisory Board of Trustees of Mount Sinai Medical Center in Miami Beach, Florida, and a member of the Board of Trustees and a Past Chairman of Ransom Everglades School in Coconut Grove, Florida, as well as a member of the Board of Visitors of Columbia College in New York City. Eric Mendelson is the son of Laurans Mendelson and the brother of Victor Mendelson. 
 
 Victor H. Mendelson has been associated with the Company since 1990, serving in various capacities. Mr. Mendelson has served as our Co-President since October 2009 and served as our Executive Vice President from 2001 through September 2009. Mr. Mendelson has also served as President and Chief Executive Officer of the HEICO Electronic Technologies Group since its formation in September 1996. He served as General Counsel of the Company from 1993 to 2008 and Vice President of the Company from 1996 to 2001. In addition, Mr. Mendelson was the Chief Operating Officer of the Company s former MediTek Health Corporation subsidiary from 1995 until its profitable sale in 1996. Mr. Mendelson is a co-founder, and, since 1987, has been President of Mendelson International Corporation, a private investment company, which is a shareholder of HEICO. Mr. Mendelson is a Trustee of Columbia University in the City of New York, a Trustee of St. Thomas University in Miami Gardens, Florida, a Director of Boys Girls Clubs of Miami-Dade and is a Director and Past President of the Board of Directors of the Florida Grand Opera. Victor Mendelson is the son of Laurans Mendelson and the brother of Eric Mendelson. 
 
 Thomas S. Irwin has served as our Senior Executive Vice President since June 2012; our Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer from September 1991 through May 2012; Senior Vice President and Treasurer from 1986 to 1991; and our Vice President and Treasurer from 1982 to 1986. Mr. Irwin is a Certified Public Accountant. He is a member of the 
 16 

Index 

 American and North Carolina Institutes of Certified Public Accountants and a member of Financial Executives International. 
 
 Carlos L. Macau, Jr. has served as our Executive Vice President - Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer since June 2012. Mr. Macau joined HEICO from the international public accounting firm of Deloitte Touche LLP where he worked from 2000 to 2012 as an Audit Partner. Prior to joining HEICO, Mr. Macau accumulated 22 years of financial and accounting experience serving a number of public and private manufacturing and service clients in a broad range of industries. His client responsibilities included serving as HEICO's lead client services partner for five years (2006 to 2010). Mr. Macau is a current member of the Mount Sinai Founders of Mount Sinai Medical Center in Miami Beach, Florida. Mr. Macau is a Certified Public Accountant, a Chartered Global Management Accountant, and a member of the American and Florida Institutes of Certified Public Accountants. 
 
 Steven M. Walker has served as our Chief Accounting Officer since June 2012 and served as our Corporate Controller from 2002 through May 2012. He has also served as our Assistant Treasurer since 2002. Mr. Walker is a Certified Public Accountant and a member of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants. 

Item 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 
 Our business, financial condition, operating results and cash flows may be impacted by a number of factors, many of which are beyond our control, including those set forth below and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, any one of which may cause our actual results to differ materially from anticipated results: 
 
 Strategic, Business and Operational Risks 
 
 We may not be able to effectively execute our acquisition strategy, which could slow our growth. 
 
 A key element of our strategy is growth through the acquisition of additional companies. Our acquisition strategy is affected by and poses a number of challenges and risks, including the following: 
 
 Availability of suitable acquisition candidates; 
 Availability of capital; 
 Diversion of management s attention; 
 Effective integration of the operations and personnel of acquired companies; 
 Potential write-downs of acquired intangible assets; 
 Potential loss of key employees of acquired companies; 
 Use of a significant portion of our available cash; 
 Significant dilution to our shareholders for acquisitions made utilizing our securities; and 
 Consummation of acquisitions on satisfactory terms. 
 
 17 

Index 

 We may not be able to successfully execute our acquisition strategy, and the failure to do so could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Our success is dependent on the development and manufacture of new products, equipment and services. Our inability to develop, manufacture and introduce new products and services at profitable pricing levels could reduce our sales or sales growth. 
 
 The aviation, defense, space, medical, telecommunications and electronics industries are constantly undergoing development and change and, accordingly, new products, equipment and methods of repair and overhaul service are likely to be introduced in the future. In addition to manufacturing electronic and electro-optical equipment and selected aerospace and defense components for OEMs and the U.S. government and repairing jet engine and aircraft components, we re-design sophisticated aircraft replacement parts originally developed by OEMs so that we can offer the replacement parts for sale at substantially lower prices than those manufactured by the OEMs. Consequently, we devote substantial resources to research and product development. Technological development poses a number of challenges and risks, including the following: 
 
 We may not be able to successfully protect the proprietary interests we have in various aircraft parts, electronic and electro-optical equipment and our repair processes; 
 
 As OEMs continue to develop and improve jet engines and aircraft components, we may not be able to re-design and manufacture replacement parts that perform as well as those offered by OEMs or we may not be able to profitably sell our replacement parts at lower prices than the OEMs; 
 
 We may need to expend significant capital to: 
 - purchase new equipment and machines, 
 - train employees in new methods of production and service, and 
 - fund the research and development of new products; and 
 
 Development by our competitors of patents or methodologies that preclude us from the design and manufacture of aircraft replacement parts or electrical and electro-optical equipment could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 In addition, we may not be able to successfully develop new products, equipment or methods of repair and overhaul service, and the failure to do so could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

18 

Index 

 Intense competition from existing and new competitors may harm our business. 
 
 We face significant competition in each of our businesses. 
 
 Flight Support Group 
 
 For jet engine and aircraft component replacement parts, we compete with the industry s leading jet engine and aircraft component OEMs. 
 
 For the distribution, overhaul and repair of jet engine and aircraft components and avionics and navigation systems as well as the manufacture of specialty aircraft and defense related parts, we compete with: 
 - major commercial airlines, many of which operate their own maintenance and overhaul units; 
 - OEMs, which manufacture, distribute, repair and overhaul their own and other OEM parts; and 
 - other independent service companies. 
 
 Electronic Technologies Group 
 
 For the design and manufacture of various types of electronic, data and microwave, and electro-optical equipment products, we compete in a fragmented marketplace with a number of companies, some of which are well capitalized. 
 
 Many of the industries serviced by our operating segments are highly fragmented, have several highly visible leading companies, and are characterized by intense competition. Some of our OEM competitors have greater name recognition than HEICO, as well as complementary lines of business and financial, marketing and other resources that HEICO does not have. In addition, OEMs, aircraft maintenance providers, leasing companies and FAA-certificated repair facilities may attempt to bundle their services and product offerings in the supply industry, thereby significantly increasing industry competition. Moreover, our smaller competitors may be able to offer more attractive pricing of parts as a result of lower labor costs or other factors. A variety of potential actions by any of our competitors, including a reduction of product prices or the establishment by competitors of long-term relationships with new or existing customers, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Competition typically intensifies during cyclical downturns in the aviation industry, when supply may exceed demand. We may not be able to continue to compete effectively against present or future competitors, and competitive pressures may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 The inability to obtain certain components and raw materials from suppliers could harm our business. 
 
 Our business is affected by the availability and price of the raw materials and component parts that we use to manufacture our products. Our ability to manage inventory and meet 
 19 

Index 

 delivery requirements may be constrained by our suppliers ability to adjust delivery of long-lead time products during times of volatile demand. The supply chains for our business could also be disrupted by external events such as natural disasters, extreme weather events, pandemics, labor disputes, governmental actions and legislative or regulatory changes. As a result, our suppliers may fail to perform according to specifications when required and we may be unable to identify alternate suppliers or to otherwise mitigate the consequences of their non-performance. 
 Transitions to new suppliers may result in significant costs and delays, including those related to the required recertification of parts obtained from new suppliers with our customers and/or regulatory agencies. Our inability to fill our supply needs could jeopardize our ability to fulfill obligations under customer contracts, which could result in reduced revenues and profits, contract penalties or terminations, and damage to customer relationships. Further, increased costs of such raw materials or components could reduce our profits if we were unable to pass along such price increases to our customers. 
 
 Product specification costs and requirements could cause an increase to our costs to complete contracts. 
 
 The costs to meet customer specifications and requirements could result in us having to spend more to design or manufacture products and this could reduce our profit margins on current contracts or those we obtain in the future. 
 
 We may incur damages or disruption to our business caused by natural disasters and other factors that may not be covered by insurance. 
 
 Several of our facilities, as a result of their locations, could be subject to a catastrophic loss caused by hurricanes, tornadoes, earthquakes, floods, fire, power loss, telecommunication and information systems failure, political unrest or similar events. Our corporate headquarters and facilities located in Florida are particularly susceptible to hurricanes, storms, tornadoes or other natural disasters that could disrupt our operations, delay production and shipments, and result in large expenses to repair or replace the facility or facilities. Should insurance or other risk transfer mechanisms, such as our existing disaster recovery and business continuity plans, be insufficient to recover all costs, we could experience a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 We are subject to the risks associated with sales to foreign customers, which could harm our business. 
 
 We market our products and services to approximately 115 countries, with approximately 36 of our consolidated net sales in fiscal 2021 derived from sales to foreign customers. We expect that sales to foreign customers will continue to account for a significant portion of our revenues in the foreseeable future. As a result, we are subject to risks of doing business internationally, including the following: 
 
 Fluctuations in currency exchange rates; 
 Volatility in foreign political, regulatory, and economic environments; 
 20 

Index 

 Ability to obtain required export licenses or approvals; 
 Uncertainty of the ability of foreign customers to finance purchases; 
 Uncertainties and restrictions concerning the availability of funding credit or guarantees; 
 Imposition of taxes, export controls, tariffs, embargoes and other trade restrictions; and 
 Compliance with a variety of international laws, as well as U.S. laws affecting the activities of U.S. companies abroad such as the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act. 
 
 While the impact of these factors is difficult to predict, any one or more of these factors may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Cyber security events or other disruptions of our information technology systems could adversely affect our business. 
 
 We rely on information technology systems, some of which are managed by third parties, to process, transmit and store electronic information, and to manage or support a variety of critical business processes and activities. We also collect and store sensitive data, including confidential business information and personal data. These systems may be susceptible to damage, disruptions or shutdowns due to attacks by computer hackers, computer viruses, employee error or malfeasance, power outages, hardware failures, telecommunication or utility failures, catastrophes or other unforeseen events. In addition, security breaches of our systems could result in the misappropriation or unauthorized disclosure of confidential information or personal data belonging to us or to our employees, partners, customers or suppliers. Any such events could disrupt our operations, delay production and shipments, result in defective products or services, damage customer relationships and our reputation and result in legal claims or proceedings that could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 We may not have the administrative, operational or financial resources to continue to grow the company. 
 
 We have experienced rapid growth in recent periods and intend to continue to pursue an aggressive growth strategy, both through acquisitions and internal expansion of products and services. Our growth to date has placed, and could continue to place, significant demands on our administrative, operational and financial resources. We may not be able to grow effectively or manage our growth successfully, and the failure to do so could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Goodwill and other intangible assets represent a significant portion of our total assets, and we may never realize the full value of our intangible assets. 
 
 As a result of our acquisitions, goodwill and intangible assets represent a significant portion of our total assets. As of October 31, 2021 and 2020, goodwill and intangible assets, net of amortization, accounted for 58 and 55 of our total assets, respectively. We test our goodwill and intangible assets for impairment on an annual basis, or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of such assets may not be fully 
 21 

Index 

 recoverable. We may not realize the full value of our goodwill and intangible assets, and to the extent that impairment has occurred, we would be required to recognize the impaired portion of such assets in our earnings. An impairment of a significant portion of such assets could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 We are dependent on key personnel and the loss of these key personnel could have a material adverse effect on our success. 
 
 Our success substantially depends on the performance, contributions and expertise of our senior management team led by Laurans A. Mendelson, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, and Eric A. Mendelson and Victor H. Mendelson, our Co-Presidents. Technical employees are also critical to our research and product development, as well as our ability to continue to re-design sophisticated products of OEMs in order to sell competing replacement parts at substantially lower prices than those manufactured by the OEMs. The loss of the services of any of our executive officers or other key employees or our inability to continue to attract or retain the necessary personnel could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Our executive officers and directors have significant influence over our management and direction. 
 
 As of December 20, 2021, collectively our executive officers and entities controlled by them, the HEICO Savings and Investment Plan (our 401(k) Plan) and members of the Board of Directors beneficially owned approximately 19 of our outstanding Common Stock and approximately 4 of our outstanding Class A Common Stock. Accordingly, they will be able to substantially influence the election of the Board of Directors and control our business, policies and affairs, including our position with respect to proposed business combinations and attempted takeovers. 
 
 Industry and Macroeconomic Risks 
 
 Our success is highly dependent on the performance of the aviation industry, which could be impacted by lower demand for commercial air travel or airline fleet changes causing lower demand for our goods and services. 
 
 General global industry and economic conditions that affect the aviation industry also affect our business. We are subject to macroeconomic cycles and when recessions occur, we may experience reduced orders, payment delays, supply chain disruptions or other factors as a result of the economic challenges faced by our customers, prospective customers and suppliers. Further, the aviation industry has historically been subject to downward cycles from time to time which reduce the overall demand for jet engine and aircraft component replacement parts and repair and overhaul services, and such downward cycles result in lower sales and greater credit risk. Demand for commercial air travel can be influenced by airline industry profitability, world trade policies, government-to-government relations, terrorism, disease outbreaks, environmental constraints imposed upon aircraft operations, technological changes, price and other competitive 
 22 

Index 

 factors. These global industry and economic conditions may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 The retirement or prolonged grounding of commercial aircraft could reduce our revenues and the value of any related inventory. 
 
 Our Flight Support Group designs and manufactures jet engine and aircraft component replacement parts and also repairs, overhauls and distributes jet engine and aircraft components. If aircraft or engines for which we offer replacement parts or supply repair and overhaul services are retired or grounded for prolonged periods of time and there are fewer aircraft that require these parts or services, our revenues may decline as well as the value of any related inventory. 
 
 Reductions in defense, space or homeland security spending by U.S. and/or foreign customers could reduce our revenues. 
 
 In fiscal 2021, approximately 63 of the net sales of our Electronic Technologies Group were derived from the sale of defense, commercial and defense satellite and spacecraft components, and homeland security products. A decline in defense, space or homeland security budgets or additional restrictions imposed by the U.S. government on sales of products or services to foreign military agencies could lower sales of our products and services. 
 
 We are subject to risks arising from the COVID-19 global pandemic (the "Pandemic"). 
 
 Our results of operations in fiscal 2021 were adversely impacted by the Pandemic. A pandemic or other public health epidemic, poses the risk that we or our employees, customers, suppliers, manufacturers and other commercial partners may be prevented from conducting business activities for an indefinite period of time, including due to the spread of the disease or shutdowns requested or mandated by governmental authorities. 
 
 With respect to our results of operations, approximately 61 of our net sales in fiscal 2021 were derived from defense, space and other industrial markets including electronics, medical and telecommunications. The remaining portion of our net sales is derived from commercial aviation products and services. Most notably, this portion of our business continues to be moderated by the ongoing depressed commercial aerospace market as compared to pre-Pandemic levels. Additionally, recent cost inflation and potential supply chain disruptions stemming from the Pandemic may lead to higher material costs in fiscal 2022. 
 
 The extent to which the Pandemic may have a material adverse effect on our future business, financial condition and results of operations will depend on many factors that are not within HEICO s control, including but not limited to the duration, spread and severity of the Pandemic, government responses and other actions to mitigate the spread of and to treat the Pandemic, and when and to what extent normal business, economic and social activity and conditions resume. 

23 

Index 

 Regulatory and Legal Risks 
 
 We are subject to governmental regulation and our failure to comply with these regulations could cause the government to withdraw, suspend or revoke our authorizations and approvals to do business and could subject us to penalties and sanctions that could harm our business. 
 
 Governmental agencies throughout the world, including the FAA, highly regulate the manufacture, repair and overhaul of aircraft parts and accessories. We include, with the replacement parts that we sell to our customers, documentation certifying that each part complies with applicable regulatory requirements and meets applicable standards of airworthiness established by the FAA or the equivalent regulatory agencies in other countries. In addition, our repair and overhaul operations are subject to certification pursuant to regulations established by the FAA. Specific regulations vary from country to country, although compliance with FAA requirements generally satisfies regulatory requirements in other countries. The revocation or suspension of any of our material authorizations or approvals would have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. New and more stringent government regulations, if adopted and enacted, could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, certain product sales to foreign countries of our Electronic Technologies Group and Flight Support Group require export approval or licensing from the United States ("U.S.") government. Denial of export licenses could reduce our sales to those countries and could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 
 Pursuant to the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, the Securities and Exchange Commission promulgated disclosure requirements regarding the use of certain minerals (tantalum, tin, gold and tungsten), known as conflict minerals, which are mined from the Democratic Republic of the Congo or another Covered Country. There are costs associated with complying with the disclosure requirements, such as costs related to determining the source of certain minerals used in our products, as well as costs of possible changes to products, processes, or sources of supply as a consequence of such verification activities. Given the complexity of our supply chain, we may not be able to ascertain the origin of these minerals used in our products in a timely manner, which could cause some of our customers to disqualify us as a supplier to the extent we are unable to certify our products are conflict mineral free. Additionally, the rule could affect sourcing at competitive prices and availability in sufficient quantities of such minerals used in our manufacturing processes for certain products. 
 
 Also, in foreign countries in which we have operations or business, a risk exists that our associates, contractors or agents could, in contravention of our policies and compliance programs, engage in business practices prohibited by U.S. laws and regulations applicable to us, such as the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act ("FCPA"), or the laws and regulations of other countries, such as the United Kingdom Bribery Act. Any such violations could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

24 

Index 

 Tax changes could affect our effective tax rate and future profitability. 
 
 We file income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction, multiple state jurisdictions and certain jurisdictions outside the U.S. In fiscal 2021, our effective tax rate was 14.8 . Our future effective tax rate may be adversely affected by a number of factors, including the following: 
 
 Changes in statutory tax rates in any of the various jurisdictions where we file tax returns; 
 Changes in available tax credits or tax deductions; 
 Changes in tax laws or the interpretation of such tax laws including interpretations, amendments and technical corrections of the recently enacted Tax Cuts and Jobs Act; 
 Changes to the accounting for income taxes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
 The amount of net income attributable to noncontrolling interests in our subsidiaries structured as partnerships; 
 Changes in the mix of earnings in jurisdictions with differing statutory tax rates; 
 Adjustments to estimated taxes upon finalization of various tax returns; 
 Resolution of issues arising from tax audits with various tax authorities; and 
 The reversal of any previously experienced tax-exempt unrealized gains in the cash surrender values of life insurance policies related to the HEICO Corporation Leadership Compensation Plan, a nonqualified deferred compensation plan. 
 
 Any significant increase in our future effective tax rates could have a material adverse effect on net income for future periods. 
 
 We may incur product liability claims that are not fully insured and such insurance may not be available at commercially reasonable rates. 
 
 Our jet engine and aircraft component replacement parts and repair and overhaul services expose our business to potential liabilities for personal injury or death as a result of the failure of an aircraft component that we have designed, manufactured or serviced. While we maintain liability insurance to protect us from future product liability claims, an uninsured or partially insured claim, or a claim for which third-party indemnification is not available, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Additionally, our customers typically require us to maintain substantial insurance coverage at commercially reasonable rates and our inability to obtain insurance coverage at commercially reasonable rates could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 
 We may incur environmental liabilities and these liabilities may not be covered by insurance. 
 
 Our operations and facilities are subject to a number of federal, state and local environmental laws and regulations, which govern, among other things, the discharge of hazardous materials into the air and water as well as the handling, storage and disposal of hazardous materials. Pursuant to various environmental laws, a current or previous owner or operator of real property may be liable for the costs of removal or remediation of hazardous 
 25 

Index 

 materials. Environmental laws typically impose liability whether or not the owner or operator knew of, or was responsible for, the presence of hazardous materials in the environment. Although management believes that our operations and facilities are in material compliance with environmental laws and regulations, future changes in them or interpretations thereof or the nature of our operations may require us to make significant additional capital expenditures to ensure compliance in the future. 
 
 We carry limited specific environmental insurance, thus, losses could occur for uninsurable or uninsured risks or in amounts in excess of existing insurance coverage. The occurrence of an event that is not covered in full or in part by insurance could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Item 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 
 None. 

26 

Index 

 Item 2. PROPERTIES 
 
 We own or lease a number of facilities, which are utilized by our Flight Support Group FSG ), Electronic Technologies Group ETG ), and corporate offices. As of October 31, 2021, all of the facilities listed below were in good operating condition, well maintained and in regular use. We believe that our existing facilities are sufficient to meet our operational needs for the foreseeable future. Summary information on the facilities utilized within the FSG, ETG and our corporate offices to support their principal operating activities is as follows: 
 
 Square Footage Location Leased Owned Description Flight Support Group United States facilities (14 states) 968,000 218,000 Manufacturing, engineering and distribution facilities, and corporate headquarters United States facilities (7 states) 255,000 127,000 Repair and overhaul facilities International facilities (10 countries) 
 - China, France, Germany, India, Laos, Netherlands, Singapore, Thailand, United Arab Emirates and United Kingdom 
 106,000 173,000 Manufacturing, engineering and distribution facilities, and sales offices Electronic Technologies Group United States facilities (17 states) 809,000 434,000 Manufacturing and engineering facilities International facilities (4 countries) 
 - Canada, France, South Korea and 
 United Kingdom 
 95,000 70,000 Manufacturing and engineering facilities Corporate United States facilities (1 state) 7,000 (1) 
 Administrative offices 
 
 (1) Represents the square footage of our corporate offices in Miami, Florida. The square footage of our corporate headquarters in Hollywood, Florida is included within Square Footage-Owned of the caption United States facilities (14 states) under Flight Support Group. 

27 

Index 

 Item 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 
 On April 20, 2021, an indirect subsidiary of HEICO Flight Support Corp., which was acquired in June 2020, received a grand jury subpoena from the United States District Court for the Southern District of California requiring the production of documents for the time period December 1, 2017 through February 4, 2019 related to the subsidiary's employment of a certain individual and its performance of work on certain Navy vessels during that time period. We are cooperating with the investigation. We have completed our production of documents responsive to the subpoena, although we have a continuing obligation to produce such documents should any be located. At this early stage in the investigation, we cannot predict the outcome of the investigation or when the investigation will ultimately be resolved; nor can we reasonably estimate the possible range of loss or impact to our business, if any, that may result from this matter. 
 
 With the exception of the matter noted above, we are involved in various legal actions arising in the normal course of business. Based upon our and our legal counsel s evaluations of any claims or assessments, management is of the opinion that the outcome of these matters will not have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position or cash flows. 

Item 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 
 Not applicable. 

PART II 
 
 Item 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 
 Market Information 
 
 Our Class A Common Stock and Common Stock are listed and traded on the New York Stock Exchange NYSE under the symbols HEI.A and HEI, respectively. 
 
 As of December 20, 2021, there were 282 holders of record of our Common Stock and 288 holders of record of our Class A Common Stock. 
 
 Performance Graphs 
 
 The following graph and table compare the total return on 100 invested in HEICO Common Stock and HEICO Class A Common Stock with the total return on 100 invested in the NYSE Composite Index and the Dow Jones U.S. Aerospace Index for the five-year period from October 31, 2016 through October 31, 2021. The NYSE Composite Index measures the 
 28 

Index 

 performance of all common stocks listed on the NYSE. The Dow Jones U.S. Aerospace Index is comprised of large companies which make aircraft, major weapons, radar and other defense equipment and systems as well as providers of satellites and spacecraft used for defense purposes. The total returns include the reinvestment of cash dividends. 

Cumulative Total Return as of October 31, 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 HEICO Common Stock 100.00 168.15 243.29 358.46 305.75 406.22 HEICO Class A Common Stock 100.00 158.95 217.99 312.09 306.86 413.07 NYSE Composite Index 100.00 117.74 116.47 125.66 118.58 162.34 Dow Jones U.S. Aerospace Index 100.00 149.48 179.62 198.35 118.90 181.09 
 
 The following graph and table compare the total return on 100 invested in HEICO Common Stock since October 31, 1990 using the same indices shown on the five-year performance graph above. October 31, 1990 was the end of the first fiscal year following the date the current executive management team assumed leadership of the Company. No Class A Common Stock was outstanding as of October 31, 1990. As with the five-year performance graph, the total returns include the reinvestment of cash dividends. 
 
 29 

Index 

Cumulative Total Return as of October 31, 1990 1991 1992 1993 1994 HEICO Common Stock 100.00 141.49 158.35 173.88 123.41 NYSE Composite Index 100.00 130.31 138.76 156.09 155.68 Dow Jones U.S. Aerospace Index 100.00 130.67 122.00 158.36 176.11 
 1995 1996 1997 1998 1999 HEICO Common Stock 263.25 430.02 1,008.31 1,448.99 1,051.61 NYSE Composite Index 186.32 225.37 289.55 326.98 376.40 Dow Jones U.S. Aerospace Index 252.00 341.65 376.36 378.66 295.99 
 2000 2001 2002 2003 2004 HEICO Common Stock 809.50 1,045.86 670.39 1,067.42 1,366.57 NYSE Composite Index 400.81 328.78 284.59 339.15 380.91 Dow Jones U.S. Aerospace Index 418.32 333.32 343.88 393.19 478.49 
 2005 2006 2007 2008 2009 HEICO Common Stock 1,674.40 2,846.48 4,208.54 2,872.01 2,984.13 NYSE Composite Index 423.05 499.42 586.87 344.96 383.57 Dow Jones U.S. Aerospace Index 579.77 757.97 1,000.84 602.66 678.00 
 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 HEICO Common Stock 4,722.20 6,557.88 5,900.20 10,457.14 11,416.51 NYSE Composite Index 427.61 430.46 467.91 569.69 617.23 Dow Jones U.S. Aerospace Index 926.75 995.11 1,070.15 1,645.24 1,687.41 
 30 

Index 

 Cumulative Total Return as of October 31, 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 HEICO Common Stock 10,776.88 14,652.37 23,994.03 33,876.95 49,277.28 NYSE Composite Index 595.37 596.57 702.38 694.81 749.66 Dow Jones U.S. Aerospace Index 1,766.94 1,878.10 2,807.42 3,373.52 3,725.15 
 2020 2021 HEICO Common Stock 44,877.75 60,000.11 NYSE Composite Index 707.40 968.47 Dow Jones U.S. Aerospace Index 2,233.00 3,400.98 
 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 There were no issuer purchases of our equity securities during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2021. 
 
 Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 
 
 There were no unregistered sales of our equity securities during fiscal 2021. 
 
 Dividend Policy 
 
 We have historically paid semi-annual cash dividends on both our Class A Common Stock and Common Stock. In July 2021, we paid our 86th consecutive semi-annual cash dividend since 1979 of .09 per share, which represented a 12.5 increase over the prior semiannual cash dividend of .08 per share paid in January 2021. In December 2021, our Board of Directors declared a regular semi-annual cash dividend of .09 per share payable in January 2022. 
 
 Our Board of Directors will continue to review our dividend policy and will regularly evaluate whether dividends should be paid in cash or stock, as well as what amounts should be paid. Our ability to pay dividends could be affected by future business performance, liquidity, capital needs, alternative investment opportunities and loan covenants under our revolving credit facility. 

Item 6. [Reserved] 

31 

Index 

 Item 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 Overview 
 
 Our business is comprised of two operating segments, the Flight Support Group FSG and the Electronic Technologies Group ETG ). 
 
 The FSG consists of HEICO Aerospace Holdings Corp. HEICO Aerospace ), which is 80 owned, and HEICO Flight Support Corp., which is wholly owned, and their collective subsidiaries, which primarily: 
 
 Designs, Manufactures, Repairs, Overhauls and Distributes Jet Engine and Aircraft Component Replacement Parts. The FSG designs and manufactures jet engine and aircraft component replacement parts, which are approved by the Federal Aviation Administration FAA ). In addition, the FSG repairs, overhauls and distributes jet engine and aircraft components, avionics and instruments for domestic and foreign commercial air carriers and aircraft repair companies as well as military and business aircraft operators. The FSG also manufactures and sells specialty parts as a subcontractor for aerospace and industrial original equipment manufacturers and the United States ("U.S.") government. Additionally, the FSG is a leading supplier, distributor, and integrator of military aircraft parts and support services primarily to foreign military organizations allied with the U.S. and a leading manufacturer of advanced niche components and complex composite assemblies for commercial aviation, defense and space applications. Further, the FSG engineers, designs and manufactures thermal insulation blankets and parts as well as removable/reusable insulation systems for aerospace, defense, commercial and industrial applications; manufactures expanded foil mesh for lightning strike protection in fixed and rotary wing aircraft; distributes aviation electrical interconnect products and electromechanical parts; overhauls industrial pumps, motors, and other hydraulic units with a focus on the support of legacy systems for the U.S. Navy; and performs tight-tolerance machining, brazing, fabricating and welding services for aerospace, defense and other industrial applications. 
 
 The ETG consists of HEICO Electronic Technologies Corp. HEICO Electronic and its subsidiaries, which primarily: 
 
 Designs and Manufactures Electronic, Microwave and Electro-Optical Equipment, High-Speed Interface Products, High Voltage Interconnection Devices, EMI and RFI Shielding and Filters, High Voltage Advanced Power Electronics, Power Conversion Products, Underwater Locator Beacons, Memory Products, Self-Sealing Auxiliary Fuel Systems, Active Antenna Systems and TSCM Equipment. The ETG collectively designs, manufactures and sells various types of electronic, data and microwave, and electro-optical products, including infrared simulation and test equipment, laser rangefinder receivers, electrical power supplies, back-up power supplies, power conversion products, underwater locator beacons, emergency locator transmission beacons, flight deck annunciators, panels 
 32 

Index 

 and indicators, electromagnetic and radio frequency interference shielding and filters, high power capacitor charging power supplies, amplifiers, traveling wave tube amplifiers, photodetectors, amplifier modules, microwave power modules, flash lamp drivers, laser diode drivers, arc lamp power supplies, custom power supply designs, cable assemblies, high voltage power supplies, high voltage interconnection devices and wire, high voltage energy generators, high frequency power delivery systems; memory products, including three-dimensional microelectronic and stacked memory, static random-access memory (SRAM) and electronically erasable programmable read-only memory (EEPROM); harsh environment electronic connectors and other interconnect products, RF and microwave amplifiers, transmitters, and receivers and integrated assemblies, sub-assemblies and components; RF sources, detectors and controllers, wireless cabin control systems, solid state power distribution and management systems, crashworthy and ballistically self-sealing auxiliary fuel systems, nuclear radiation detectors, communications and electronic intercept receivers and tuners, fuel level sensing systems, high-speed interface products that link devices, high performance active antenna systems for commercial aircraft, precision guided munitions, other defense applications and commercial uses; silicone material for a variety of demanding applications; precision power analog monolithic, hybrid and open frame components; high-reliability ceramic-to-metal feedthroughs and connectors, technical surveillance countermeasures (TSCM) equipment to detect devices used for espionage and information theft; and rugged small-form factor embedded computing solutions. 
 
 Our results of operations in fiscal 2021 continue to reflect the adverse impact from the COVID-19 global pandemic (the Pandemic ). Most notably, demand for our commercial aviation products and services continues to be moderated by the ongoing depressed commercial aerospace market as compared to pre-Pandemic levels. We experienced a significant improvement in operating results in the second half of fiscal 2021 as compared to the second half of fiscal 2020. The second half of fiscal 2020 was the period in which our results of operations were most negatively affected by the Pandemic s impact. Since then, the Flight Support Group has reported five consecutive quarters of improvement in net sales and operating income resulting from signs of commercial air travel recovery in certain domestic travel markets, but only minimal recovery in international travel markets. 
 
 Additionally, our results of operations in fiscal 2021 have been affected by recent acquisitions as further detailed in Note 2, Acquisitions, of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 Presentation of Results of Operations and Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 The following discussion and analysis of our Results of Operations and Liquidity and Capital Resources includes a comparison of fiscal 2021 to fiscal 2020. A similar discussion and analysis that compares fiscal 2020 to fiscal 2019 may be found in Item 7, "Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, of our Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended October 31, 2020. 
 
 33 

Index 

 Results of Operations 
 
 The following table sets forth the results of our operations, net sales and operating income by segment and the percentage of net sales represented by the respective items in our Consolidated Statements of Operations (in thousands) : 
 Year ended October 31, 2021 2020 Net sales 1,865,682 1,787,009 Cost of sales 1,138,259 1,104,882 Selling, general and administrative expenses 
 334,523 305,479 Total operating costs and expenses 
 1,472,782 1,410,361 Operating income 392,900 376,648 Net sales by segment: Flight Support Group 
 927,089 924,812 Electronic Technologies Group 959,170 874,987 Intersegment sales 
 (20,577) (12,790) 1,865,682 1,787,009 Operating income by segment: Flight Support Group 
 151,930 143,051 Electronic Technologies Group 
 277,306 258,814 Other, primarily corporate 
 (36,336) (25,217) 392,900 376,648 Net sales 100.0 100.0 Gross profit 39.0 38.2 Selling, general and administrative expenses 
 17.9 17.1 Operating income 21.1 21.1 Interest expense .4 .7 Other income .1 .1 Income tax expense 3.1 1.6 Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests 
 1.4 1.2 Net income attributable to HEICO 
 16.3 17.6 
 34 

Index 

 Comparison of Fiscal 2021 to Fiscal 2020 
 
 Net Sales 
 
 Our consolidated net sales in fiscal 2021 increased by 4 to 1,865.7 million, up from net sales of 1,787.0 million in fiscal 2020. The increase in consolidated net sales principally reflects an increase of 84.2 million (a 10 increase) to a record 959.2 million in net sales within the ETG and an increase of 2.3 million to 927.1 million in net sales within the FSG. The net sales increase in the ETG principally reflects 48.9 million contributed by our fiscal 2020 and 2021 acquisitions as well as organic growth of 3 . The ETG's organic growth is mainly attributable to increased demand for our other electronic and medical products resulting in net sales increases of 32.4 million and 6.3 million, respectively, partially offset by decreased demand for our commercial aerospace and space products resulting in net sales decreases of 4.7 million and 4.4 million, respectively. The net sales increase in the FSG principally reflects 21.0 million contributed by our fiscal 2021 and 2020 acquisitions, partially offset by an 18.7 million decrease in organic net sales. The FSG's organic decrease is mainly attributable to lower demand for our specialty products product line resulting in a 32.9 million decrease in net sales, partially offset by increased demand within our repair and overhaul services product line resulting in a net sales increase of 12.7 million. Sales price changes were not a significant contributing factor to the change in net sales of the ETG and FSG in fiscal 2021. 
 
 Our net sales in fiscal 2021 and 2020 by market consisted of approximately 39 and 41 from the commercial aviation industry, respectively, 44 from the defense and space industries in both periods, and 17 and 15 from other industrial markets including electronics, medical and telecommunications, respectively. 
 
 Gross Profit and Operating Expenses 
 
 Our consolidated gross profit margin increased to 39.0 in fiscal 2021, up from 38.2 in fiscal 2020 principally reflecting an increase of 1.7 in the FSG's gross profit margin, partially offset by a decrease of .8 in the ETG's gross profit margin. The increase in the FSG's gross profit margin reflects a 1.1 benefit from a 10.2 million decrease in inventory obsolescence expense. The FSG recognized higher inventory obsolescence expenses in fiscal 2020 following the announced retirement of certain aircraft types and engine platforms by our commercial aerospace customers due to the Pandemic's financial impact. Additionally, the increase in the FSG's gross profit margin reflects a more favorable product mix and higher net sales within our repair and overhaul services and aftermarket replacement parts product lines, partially offset by the previously mentioned lower net sales within our specialty products product line. The decrease in the ETG's gross profit margin principally reflects a decrease in net sales of defense and space products, partially offset by the previously mentioned increase in net sales of other electronic products. Total new product research and development expenses included within our consolidated cost of sales were 68.9 million in fiscal 2021, up from 65.6 million in fiscal 2020. 
 
 Our consolidated selling, general and administrative ("SG A") expenses were 334.5 million in fiscal 2021, as compared to 305.5 million in fiscal 2020. The increase in 
 35 

Index 

 consolidated SG A expenses reflects 25.6 million of higher performance-based compensation expense and 13.9 million attributable to the fiscal 2020 and 2021 acquisitions, partially offset by an 11.6 million reduction in bad debt expense. The Company recognized higher bad debt expense in fiscal 2020 due to potential collection difficulties from certain commercial aviation customers that filed for bankruptcy protection during fiscal 2020 as a result of the Pandemic's financial impact. 
 
 Our consolidated SG A expenses as a percentage of net sales was 17.9 in fiscal 2021, as compared to 17.1 in fiscal 2020. The increase in consolidated SG A expenses as a percentage of net sales principally reflects a 1.4 impact from higher performance-based compensation expense, partially offset by a .6 decrease from lower bad debt expense. 
 
 Operating Income 
 
 Our consolidated operating income increased by 4 to 392.9 million in fiscal 2021, up from 376.6 million in fiscal 2020. The increase in consolidated operating income principally reflects an 18.5 million increase (a 7 increase) to a record 277.3 million in operating income of the ETG as well as an 8.9 million increase (a 6 increase) to 151.9 million in operating income of the FSG. The increase in operating income of the ETG principally reflects the previously mentioned net sales growth, partially offset by the previously mentioned lower gross profit margin. The increase in operating income of the FSG principally reflects the previously mentioned improved gross profit margin and an 11.5 million decrease in bad debt expense, partially offset by 16.2 million of higher performance-based compensation expense. The increase in consolidated operating income was partially offset by 9.1 million of higher corporate expenses mainly attributable to an increase in performance-based compensation expense. 
 
 Our consolidated operating income as a percentage of net sales was 21.1 in both fiscal 2021 and 2020. The FSG's operating income as a percentage of net sales increased to 16.4 in fiscal 2021, up from 15.5 in fiscal 2020. The increase in the FSG's operating income as a percentage of net sales principally reflects a 2.3 aggregate impact from the previously mentioned decrease in bad debt expense and inventory obsolescence expense, partially offset by a 1.7 impact from the previously mentioned higher performance-based compensation expense. The ETG's operating income as a percentage of net sales was 28.9 in fiscal 2021, as compared to 29.6 in fiscal 2020. The decrease in the ETG's operating income as a percentage of net sales principally reflects the previously mentioned lower gross profit margin. 
 
 Interest Expense 
 
 Interest expense decreased to 7.3 million in fiscal 2021, down from 13.2 million in fiscal 2020. The decrease was principally due to a lower weighted average interest rate as well as a lower weighted average balance of borrowings outstanding under our revolving credit facility. 

36 

Index 

 Other Income 
 
 Other income in fiscal 2021 and 2020 was not material. 
 
 Income Tax Expense 
 
 Our effective tax rate in fiscal 2021 was 14.8 , as compared to 7.9 in fiscal 2020. We recognized a discrete tax benefit from stock option exercises in fiscal 2021 and 2020 of 14.2 million and 48.3 million, respectively. The tax benefit from stock option exercises in both years was the result of strong appreciation in HEICO's stock price during the optionees' holding periods and the 34.1 million larger benefit recognized in fiscal 2020 was the result of more stock options exercised. Additionally, our effective tax rate in fiscal 2021 reflects the favorable impact of higher tax-exempt unrealized gains in the cash surrender values of life insurance policies related to the HEICO Corporation Leadership Compensation Plan ("LCP"). 
 
 Net Income Attributable to Noncontrolling Interests 
 Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests relates to the 20 noncontrolling interest held by Lufthansa Technik AG in HEICO Aerospace Holdings Corp. and the noncontrolling interests held by others in certain subsidiaries of the FSG and ETG. Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests was 25.5 million in fiscal 2021, as compared to 21.9 million in fiscal 2020. The increase in net income attributable to noncontrolling interests in fiscal 2021 principally reflects higher allocations of net income to noncontrolling interests as a result of certain fiscal 2020 and 2021 acquisitions as well as an increase in the operating results of certain subsidiaries of the FSG and ETG in which noncontrolling interests are held. 
 
 Net Income Attributable to HEICO 
 
 Net income attributable to HEICO was 304.2 million, or 2.21 per diluted share, in fiscal 2021, as compared to 314.0 million, or 2.29 per diluted share, in fiscal 2020, principally reflecting the previously mentioned higher income tax expense, partially offset by the previously mentioned increase in operating income of the ETG and FSG, and lower interest expense. 
 
 Outlook 
 
 Looking ahead to fiscal 2022, we expect the commercial air travel recovery to continue, particularly in certain domestic travel markets, while less so in international markets, even though the Pandemic will likely continue to adversely impact the commercial aerospace industry and HEICO. International markets have not recovered to the extent of domestic markets, and while we are confident of their future recovery and the potential sales increase, the timing is uncertain. Additionally, recent cost inflation and potential supply chain disruptions stemming from the Pandemic may lead to higher material and labor costs. We remain cautiously optimistic that the ongoing worldwide rollout of COVID-19 vaccines, including boosters, will continue to positively influence commercial air travel and benefit the markets we serve. But, it still remains very difficult to predict the Pandemic s path and effect, including factors like new variants and 
 37 

Index 

 vaccination rates, which can impact our key markets. Therefore, we feel it would not be responsible to provide fiscal 2022 net sales and earnings guidance at this time. However, we believe our ongoing conservative policies, strong balance sheet, and high degree of liquidity enable us to invest in new research and development, execute on our successful acquisition program, and position HEICO for market share gains. 
 
 Inflation 
 
 We have generally experienced increases in our costs of labor, materials and services consistent with overall rates of inflation. The impact of such increases on net income attributable to HEICO has been generally minimized by efforts to lower costs through manufacturing efficiencies and cost reductions as well as selective price increases. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 The following table summarizes our capitalization (in thousands): 
 As of October 31, 2021 2020 Cash and cash equivalents 108,298 406,852 Total debt (including current portion) 236,498 739,831 Shareholders equity 2,296,939 2,010,607 Total capitalization (debt plus equity) 2,533,437 2,750,438 Total debt to total capitalization 9 27 
 
 Our principal uses of cash include acquisitions, capital expenditures, cash dividends, distributions to noncontrolling interests and working capital needs. Capital expenditures in fiscal 2022 are anticipated to approximate 45 million. We finance our activities primarily from our operating and financing activities, including borrowings under our revolving credit facility. 
 
 As of December 20, 2021, we had approximately 1,259 million of unused committed availability under the terms of our revolving credit facility. Based on our current outlook, we believe that net cash provided by operating activities and available borrowings under our revolving credit facility will be sufficient to fund our cash requirements for at least the next twelve months. 
 
 Operating Activities 
 
 Net cash provided by operating activities was 444.1 million in fiscal 2021 and consisted primarily of net income from consolidated operations of 329.8 million, depreciation and amortization expense of 93.0 million (a non-cash item), net changes in other long-term liabilities and assets related to the LCP of 12.8 million (principally participant deferrals and employer contributions), 10.1 million in employer contributions to the HEICO Savings and 
 38 

Index 

 Investment Plan (a non-cash item), and 9.1 million in share-based compensation expense (a non-cash item), partially offset by a 15.6 million deferred income tax benefit. 
 
 Net cash provided by operating activities increased by 35.0 million in fiscal 2021, up from 409.1 million in fiscal 2020. The increase is principally attributable to a 50.1 million decrease in net working capital, partially offset by a 9.6 million increase in deferred income tax benefits and a 6.1 million decrease in net income from consolidated operations. The decrease in net working capital primarily resulted from the payment of less performance-based compensation expense in fiscal 2021 resulting from the lower fiscal 2020 operating results mainly attributable to the Pandemic, an increase in trade accounts payable resulting from the timing of payments, and a smaller increase in inventory during fiscal 2021 compared to the inventory growth in fiscal 2020 as a result of certain inventory purchase commitments based on pre-Pandemic net sales expectations and to support the backlog of certain of our business, partially offset by a net increase in accounts receivable and contract assets resulting from the timing of collections and customer billings. 
 
 Net cash provided by operating activities was 409.1 million in fiscal 2020 and consisted primarily of net income from consolidated operations of 335.9 million, depreciation and amortization expense of 88.6 million (a non-cash item), net changes in other long-term liabilities and assets related to the LCP of 14.8 million (principally participant deferrals and employer contributions), 10.1 million in share-based compensation expense (a non-cash item), and 9.6 million in employer contributions to the HEICO Savings and Investment Plan (a non-cash item), partially offset by a 48.5 million increase in working capital. 
 
 Investing Activities 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities totaled 183.5 million in fiscal 2021 and related primarily to acquisitions of 136.5 million (net of cash acquired), capital expenditures of 36.2 million, and investments related to the LCP of 14.0 million. Further details on acquisitions may be found in Note 2, Acquisitions, of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities totaled 199.0 million in fiscal 2020 and related primarily to acquisitions of 163.9 million (net of cash acquired), capital expenditures of 22.9 million and investments related to the LCP of 15.9 million. Further details on acquisitions may be found in Note 2, Acquisitions, of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 Financing Activities 
 
 Net cash used in financing activities in fiscal 2021 totaled 559.0 million. During fiscal 2021, we made 505.0 million in payments on our revolving credit facility, made 28.0 million of distributions to noncontrolling interests, paid 23.0 million in cash dividends on our common stock, redeemed common stock related to stock option exercises aggregating 3.8 million, paid 2.3 million to acquire certain noncontrolling interests, and paid revolving credit facility issuance costs of 1.5 million, which were partially offset by 5.3 million in proceeds from stock option exercises. 
 39 

Index 

 Net cash provided by financing activities in fiscal 2020 totaled 137.7 million. During fiscal 2020, we borrowed 200.0 million under our revolving credit facility to provide a cushion of liquidity during the period of economic uncertainty resulting from the Pandemic and 45.0 million to fund our fiscal 2020 acquisitions. A portion of the 200.0 million drawn was subsequently used to help fund certain of our fiscal 2020 acquisitions. We also received 14.3 million in capital contributions from the noncontrolling interest holders of a subsidiary of HEICO Electronic representing their share of the purchase price for a 25 interest in two acquisitions made by a subsidiary of HEICO Electronic in August 2020. (See Note 2, Acquisitions, of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for further details). Additionally, we made 68.0 million in payments on our revolving credit facility, paid 21.6 million in cash dividends on our common stock, made 17.9 million of distributions to noncontrolling interests, redeemed common stock related to stock option exercises aggregating 12.1 million, paid 7.5 million to acquire certain noncontrolling interests and received 7.0 million in proceeds from stock option exercises. 
 
 In November 2017, we entered into a 1.3 billion Revolving Credit Facility Agreement ("Credit Facility") with a bank syndicate. The Credit Facility may be used to finance acquisitions and for working capital and other general corporate purposes, including capital expenditures. In December 2020, we entered into an amendment to extend the maturity date of the Credit Facility by one year to November 2023 and to increase the capacity by 200 million to 1.5 billion. The Credit Facility includes a feature that will allow us to increase the capacity by 350 million to become a 1.85 billion facility through increased commitments from existing lenders or the addition of new lenders and can be extended for an additional one-year period. 
 
 Borrowings under the Credit Facility accrue interest at our election of the Base Rate or the Eurocurrency Rate, plus in each case, the Applicable Rate (based on our Total Leverage Ratio). The Base Rate for any day is a fluctuating rate per annum equal to the highest of (i) the Prime Rate; (ii) the Federal Funds Rate plus .50 ; and (iii) the Eurocurrency Rate for an Interest Period of one month plus 100 basis points. The Eurocurrency Rate is the rate per annum obtained by dividing LIBOR for the applicable Interest Period by a percentage equal to 1.00 minus the daily average Eurocurrency Reserve Rate for such Interest Period, as such capitalized terms are defined in the Credit Facility. The Applicable Rate for Eurocurrency Rate Loans ranges from 1.00 to 2.00 . The Applicable Rate for Base Rate Loans ranges from 0 to 1.00 . A fee is charged on the amount of the unused commitment ranging from .125 to .30 (depending on our Total Leverage Ratio). The Credit Facility also includes 100 million sublimits for borrowings made in foreign currencies and for swingline borrowings, and a 50 million sublimit for letters of credit. Outstanding principal, accrued and unpaid interest and other amounts payable under the Credit Facility may be accelerated upon an event of default, as such events are described in the Credit Facility. The Credit Facility is unsecured and contains covenants that require, among other things, the maintenance of a Total Leverage Ratio and an Interest Coverage Ratio, as such capitalized terms are defined in the Credit Facility. We were in compliance with all financial and nonfinancial covenants of the Credit Facility as of October 31, 2021. 

40 

Index 

 Other Obligations and Commitments 
 
 The holders of equity interests in certain of the Company s subsidiaries have rights Put Rights that require the Company to provide cash consideration for their equity interests (the Redemption Amount at fair value or at a formula that management intended to reasonably approximate fair value based solely on a multiple of future earnings over a measurement period. As of October 31, 2021, management s estimate of the aggregate Redemption Amount of all Put Rights that we could be required to pay is approximately 252.6 million, which is reflected within redeemable noncontrolling interests in our Consolidated Balance Sheet. The estimated aggregate Redemption Amount of the Put Rights that are currently puttable or becoming puttable during fiscal 2022 is approximately 113.0 million, of which approximately 68.0 million would be payable in fiscal 2022 should all of the eligible associated noncontrolling interest holders elect to exercise their Put Rights during fiscal 2022. See Note 13, Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests, of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for further information. 
 
 See Note 5, Long-Term Debt, of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for information regarding our long-term debt obligations. 
 
 See Note 8, Fair Value Measurements, of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for information pertaining to contingent consideration obligations. 
 
 See Note 9, Leases, of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for information pertaining to future minimum lease payments relating to the Company s operating and finance lease obligations. 
 
 Critical Accounting Policies 
 
 We believe that the following are our most critical accounting policies, which require management to make judgments about matters that are inherently uncertain. 
 
 Assumptions utilized to determine fair value in connection with business combinations, contingent consideration arrangements and in goodwill and intangible assets impairment tests are highly judgmental. If there is a material change in such assumptions or if there is a material change in the conditions or circumstances influencing fair value, we could be required to recognize a material impairment charge. See Item 1A., Risk Factors , for a list of factors which may cause our actual results to differ materially from anticipated results. 
 
 Revenue Recognition 
 
 HEICO recognizes revenue when it transfers control of a promised good or service to a customer in an amount that reflects the consideration it expects to receive in exchange for the good or service. Our performance obligations are satisfied and control is transferred either at a point-in-time or over-time. The majority of our revenue is recognized at a point-in-time when control is transferred, which is generally evidenced by the shipment or delivery of the product to the customer, a transfer of title, a transfer of the significant risks and rewards of ownership, and 
 41 

Index 

 customer acceptance. For certain contracts under which we produce products with no alternative use and for which we have an enforceable right to recover costs incurred plus a reasonable profit margin for work completed to date and for certain other contracts under which we create or enhance a customer-owned asset while performing repair and overhaul services, control is transferred to the customer over-time. HEICO recognizes revenue using an over-time recognition model for these types of contracts. 
 
 We utilize the cost-to-cost method as a measure of progress for performance obligations that are satisfied over-time as we believe this input method best represents the transfer of control to the customer. Under this method, revenue for the current period is recorded at an amount equal to the ratio of costs incurred to date divided by total estimated contract costs multiplied by (i) the transaction price, less (ii) cumulative revenue recognized in prior periods. Contract costs include all direct material and labor costs and those indirect costs related to contract performance, such as indirect labor, supplies, tools, repairs and depreciation. 
 
 Under the cost-to-cost method, the extent of progress toward completion is measured based on the proportion of costs incurred to date to the total estimated costs at completion of the performance obligation. These projections require management to make numerous assumptions and estimates relating to items such as the complexity of design and related development costs, performance of subcontractors, availability and cost of materials, labor productivity and cost, overhead, capital costs, and manufacturing efficiency. We review our cost estimates on a periodic basis, or when circumstances change and warrant a modification to a previous estimate. Cost estimates are largely based on negotiated or estimated purchase contract terms, historical performance trends and other economic projections. 
 
 For certain contracts with similar characteristics and for which revenue is recognized using an over-time model, we use a portfolio approach to estimate the amount of revenue to recognize. For each portfolio of contracts, the respective work in process and/or finished goods inventory balances are identified and the portfolio-specific margin is applied to estimate the pro rata portion of the transaction price to recognize in relation to the costs incurred. This approach is utilized only when the resulting revenue recognition is not expected to be materially different than if the accounting was applied to the individual contracts. 
 
 Certain of our contracts give rise to variable consideration when they contain items such as customer rebates, credits, volume purchase discounts, penalties and other provisions that may impact the total consideration we will receive. We include variable consideration in the transaction price generally by applying the most likely amount method of the consideration that we expect to be entitled to receive based on an assessment of all available information (i.e., historical experience, current and forecasted performance) and only to the extent it is probable that a significant reversal of revenue recognized will not occur when the uncertainty is resolved. We estimate variable consideration by applying the most likely amount method when there are a limited number of outcomes related to the resolution of the variable consideration. 
 
 Changes in estimates that result in adjustments to net sales and cost of sales are recognized as necessary in the period they become known on a cumulative catch-up basis. 
 42 

Index 

 Changes in estimates did not have a material effect on net income from consolidated operations in fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019. 
 
 Valuation of Inventory 
 
 Inventory is stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value, with cost being determined on the first-in, first-out or the average cost basis. Losses, if any, are recognized fully in the period when identified. 
 
 We periodically evaluate the carrying value of inventory, giving consideration to factors such as its physical condition, sales patterns and expected future demand in order to estimate the amount necessary to write down any slow moving, obsolete or damaged inventory. These estimates could vary significantly from actual amounts based upon future economic conditions, customer inventory levels, or competitive factors that were not foreseen or did not exist when the estimated write-downs were made. 
 
 In accordance with industry practice, all inventories are classified as a current asset including portions with long production cycles, some of which may not be realized within one year. 
 
 Business Combinations 
 
 We allocate the purchase price of acquired entities to the underlying tangible and identifiable intangible assets acquired and liabilities and any noncontrolling interests assumed based on their estimated fair values, with any excess recorded as goodwill. Determining the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities and noncontrolling interests assumed requires management s judgment and often involves the use of significant estimates and assumptions, including assumptions with respect to future cash inflows and outflows, discount rates, asset lives and market multiples, among other items. We determine the fair values of intangible assets acquired generally in consultation with third-party valuation advisors. 
 
 As part of the agreement to acquire certain subsidiaries, we may be obligated to pay contingent consideration should the acquired entity meet certain earnings objectives subsequent to the date of acquisition. As of the acquisition date, contingent consideration is recorded at fair value as determined through the use of a probability-based scenario analysis approach. Under this method, a set of discrete potential future subsidiary earnings is determined using internal estimates based on various revenue growth rate assumptions for each scenario. A probability of likelihood is then assigned to each discrete potential future earnings estimate and the resultant contingent consideration is calculated and discounted using a weighted average discount rate reflecting the credit risk of HEICO. Subsequent to the acquisition date, the fair value of such contingent consideration is measured each reporting period and any changes are recorded to SG A expenses within our Consolidated Statements of Operations. Changes in either the revenue growth rates, related earnings or the discount rate could result in a material change to the amount of contingent consideration accrued. As of October 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019, 62.3 million, 42.0 million and 18.3 million of contingent consideration was accrued within our 
 43 

Index 

 Consolidated Balance Sheets, respectively. During fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019, such fair value measurement adjustments resulted in net increases to SG A expenses of 1.2 million, .5 million and 2.6 million, respectively. For further information regarding our contingent consideration arrangements, see Note 8, Fair Value Measurements, of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 Valuation of Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets 
 
 We test goodwill for impairment annually as of October 31, or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of goodwill may not be fully recoverable. In evaluating the recoverability of goodwill, we compare the fair value of each of our reporting units to its carrying value to determine potential impairment. During fiscal 2021, we adopted Accounting Standards Update ("ASU") 2017-04, Simplifying the Test for Goodwill Impairment." Pursuant to ASU 2017-04, an impairment loss is recognized in the amount by which the carrying value of a reporting unit s goodwill exceeds its fair value. Prior to the adoption of ASU 2017-04, an impairment loss was recognized in the amount by which the carrying value of a reporting unit's goodwill exceeded its implied fair value. The fair values of our reporting units were determined using a weighted average of a market approach and an income approach. Under the market approach, fair values are estimated using published market multiples for comparable companies. We calculate fair values under the income approach by taking estimated future cash flows that are based on internal projections and other assumptions deemed reasonable by management and discounting them using an estimated weighted average cost of capital. Based on the annual goodwill impairment test as of October 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019, we determined there was no impairment of our goodwill. The fair value of each of our reporting units as of October 31, 2021 significantly exceeded its carrying value. 
 
 We test each non-amortizing intangible asset (principally trade names) for impairment annually as of October 31, or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that the asset might be impaired. To derive the fair value of our trade names, we utilize an income approach, which relies upon management's assumptions of royalty rates, projected revenues and discount rates. We also test each amortizing intangible asset for impairment if events or circumstances indicate that the asset might be impaired. The test consists of determining whether the carrying value of such assets will be recovered through undiscounted expected future cash flows. If the total of the undiscounted future cash flows is less than the carrying amount of those assets, we recognize an impairment loss based on the excess of the carrying amount over the fair value of the assets. The determination of fair value requires us to make a number of estimates, assumptions and judgments of underlying factors such as projected revenues and related earnings as well as discount rates. Based on the intangible asset impairment tests conducted, we did not recognize any impairment losses in fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019. 
 
 New Accounting Pronouncements 
 
 See Note 1, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies - New Accounting Pronouncements, of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 
 
 44 

Index 

 Forward-Looking Statements 
 
 Certain statements in this report constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements contained herein that are not clearly historical in nature may be forward-looking and the words anticipate, believe, expect, estimate and similar expressions are generally intended to identify forward-looking statements. Any forward-looking statement contained herein, in press releases, written statements or other documents filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission or in communications and discussions with investors and analysts in the normal course of business through meetings, phone calls and conference calls, concerning our operations, economic performance and financial condition are subject to risks, uncertainties and contingencies. We have based these forward-looking statements on our current expectations and projections about future events. All forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond our control, which may cause actual results, performance or achievements to differ materially from anticipated results, performance or achievements. Also, forward-looking statements are based upon management s estimates of fair values and of future costs, using currently available information. Therefore, actual results may differ materially from those expressed in or implied by those forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause such differences include: 
 
 The severity, magnitude and duration of the Pandemic; 
 
 Our liquidity and the amount and timing of cash generation; 
 
 Lower commercial air travel caused by the Pandemic and its aftermath, airline fleet changes or airline purchasing decisions, which could cause lower demand for our goods and services; 
 
 Product specification costs and requirements, which could cause an increase to our costs to complete contracts; 
 
 Governmental and regulatory demands, export policies and restrictions, reductions in defense, space or homeland security spending by U.S. and/or foreign customers or competition from existing and new competitors, which could reduce our sales; 
 
 Our ability to introduce new products and services at profitable pricing levels, which could reduce our sales or sales growth; 
 
 Product development or manufacturing difficulties, which could increase our product development and manufacturing costs and delay sales; 
 
 Our ability to make acquisitions and achieve operating synergies from acquired businesses; customer credit risk; interest, foreign currency exchange and income tax rates; economic conditions, including the effects of inflation, within and outside of the 
 45 

Index 

 aviation, defense, space, medical, telecommunications and electronics industries, which could negatively impact our costs and revenues; and 
 
 Defense spending or budget cuts, which could reduce our defense-related revenue. 
 
 For further information on these and other factors that potentially could materially affect our financial results, see Item 1A, Risk Factors . We undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except to the extent required by applicable law. 

Item 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 
 We have exposure to interest rate risk, mainly related to our revolving credit facility, which has variable interest rates. Interest rate risk associated with our variable rate debt is the potential increase in interest expense from an increase in interest rates. Based on our aggregate outstanding variable rate debt balance of 225.0 million as of October 31, 2021, a hypothetical 10 increase in interest rates would not have a material effect on our results of operations, financial position or cash flows. We also maintain a portion of our cash and cash equivalents in financial instruments with original maturities of three months or less. These financial instruments are subject to interest rate risk and will decline in value if interest rates increase. 
 Due to the short duration of these financial instruments, a hypothetical 10 increase in interest rates as of October 31, 2021 would not have a material effect on our results of operations, financial position or cash flows. 
 
 Foreign Currency Risk 
 
 We have several foreign subsidiaries that utilize a functional currency other than the U.S. dollar, or principally the Euro. Accordingly, changes in exchange rates between such foreign currencies and the U.S. dollar will affect the translation of the financial results of our foreign subsidiaries into the U.S. dollar for purposes of reporting our consolidated financial results. A hypothetical 10 weakening in the exchange rate of the Euro to the U.S. dollar as of October 31, 2021 would not have a material effect on our results of operations, financial position or cash flows. 
 46 

Index 

 Item 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 
 HEICO CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 48 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of October 31, 2021 and 2020 
 51 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended 
 October 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019 
 52 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the years ended 
 October 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019 
 53 
 Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity for the years ended 
 October 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019 
 54 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended 
 October 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019 
 56 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 57 
 Financial Statement Schedule II - Valuation and Qualifying Accounts for the years ended October 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019 
 111 

47 

Index 

 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of 
 HEICO Corporation 
 Hollywood, Florida 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of HEICO Corporation and subsidiaries (the "Company") as of October 31, 2021 and 2020, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income, shareholders' equity, and cash flows, for each of the three years in the period ended October 31, 2021, and the related notes and the schedule listed in the Index at Item 15 (collectively referred to as the "financial statements"). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of October 31, 2021 and 2020, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended October 31, 2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 
 We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of October 31, 2021, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report dated December 21, 2021, expressed an unqualified opinion on the Company's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the Finance/Audit Committee and that (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of 
 48 

Index 

 critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 
 Inventories, net - Refer to Notes 1 and 3 to the financial statements 
 
 Critical Audit Matter Description 
 
 Inventory is stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value. The Company periodically evaluates the carrying value of inventory, which requires management to make significant estimates and assumptions related to sales patterns and expected future demand in order to estimate the amount necessary to write down any slow moving or obsolete inventory. Changes in the assumptions related to future demand and sales patterns could have a significant impact on the valuation of finished goods inventory for certain of the Company s aftermarket replacement parts and repair and overhaul parts and services business units in the Flight Support Group operating segment. 
 
 Given the magnitude of the inventory balances at these business units, coupled with the judgments necessary to project sales patterns and expected future demand within these aftermarket replacement parts and repair and overhaul parts and services business units, auditing such estimates required a high degree of auditor judgment and an increased extent of effort when performing audit procedures and evaluating the results of those procedures. 
 
 How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 
 
 Our audit procedures related to the expected future demand and sales patterns used by management to estimate the valuation reserve on inventory included the following, among others: 
 
 We tested the effectiveness of controls, including those related to evaluating the reasonableness of expected future demand and sales patterns. 
 
 We evaluated the reasonableness of management s assumptions of future demand and sales patterns by performing the following: 
 
 Utilized historical inventory usage data to analyze the relationship between the inventory valuation reserve calculated, the inventory on hand, and the sales trends over time. 
 
 Compared management s assumptions to available external market data for certain inventory items. 
 
 Evaluated the accuracy and completeness of the valuation reserve by selecting a sample of inventory items and obtaining supporting documentation regarding current and historical sales patterns. 

49 

Index 

 We tested changes in the inventory valuation reserve and evaluated whether such changes were the result of the sale or write off of inventory parts or the result of changes in the significant assumptions used to develop the valuation reserve. 
 
 /s/ DELOITTE TOUCHE LLP 
 
 Miami, Florida 
 December 21, 2021 
 We have served as the Company's auditor since 1990. 
 50 

Index 

 HEICO CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (in thousands, except per share data) 
 As of October 31, 2021 2020 ASSETS Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable, net Contract assets Inventories, net Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets 
 Property, plant and equipment, net Goodwill Intangible assets, net Other assets Total assets LIABILITIES AND EQUITY Current liabilities: Current maturities of long-term debt Trade accounts payable Accrued expenses and other current liabilities Income taxes payable Total current liabilities Long-term debt, net of current maturities Deferred income taxes Other long-term liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 16) Redeemable noncontrolling interests (Note 13) Shareholders equity: Preferred Stock, par value per share; shares authorized; issued 
 Common Stock, par value per share; shares authorized; 
 and shares issued and outstanding 
 Class A Common Stock, par value per share; shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding 
 Capital in excess of par value Deferred compensation obligation HEICO stock held by irrevocable trust ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Retained earnings Total HEICO shareholders equity Noncontrolling interests Total shareholders equity Total liabilities and equity 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 51 

Index 

 HEICO CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (in thousands, except per share data) 
 Year ended October 31, 2021 2020 2019 Net sales Operating costs and expenses: Cost of sales 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses 
 Total operating costs and expenses 
 Operating income Interest expense ) ) ) Other income Income before income taxes and noncontrolling interests 
 Income tax expense Net income from consolidated operations Less: Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests 
 Net income attributable to HEICO Net income per share attributable to HEICO shareholders: 
 Basic 
 Diluted 
 Weighted average number of common shares outstanding: 
 Basic 
 Diluted 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 
 52 

Index 

 HEICO CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 (in thousands) 
 Year ended October 31, 2021 2020 2019 Net income from consolidated operations Other comprehensive income (loss): Foreign currency translation adjustments ) ) Unrealized gain (loss) on defined benefit pension plan, net of tax ) ) Amortization of unrealized loss on defined benefit pension plan, net of tax Total other comprehensive income (loss) ) Comprehensive income from consolidated operations Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests Foreign currency translation adjustments attributable to noncontrolling interests 
 ) ) Comprehensive income attributable to noncontrolling interests Comprehensive income attributable to HEICO 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

53 

Index 

 HEICO CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 
 (in thousands, except per share data) 
 HEICO Shareholders' Equity Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests Common Stock Class A Common Stock Capital in Excess of Par Value Deferred Compensation Obligation HEICO Stock Held by Irrevocable Trust Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Retained Earnings Noncontrolling Interests Total Shareholders' Equity Balances as of October 31, 2020 Comprehensive income 
 Cash dividends per share) 
 ) ) Issuance of common stock to HEICO Savings and Investment Plan 
 Share-based compensation expense 
 Proceeds from stock option exercises 
 Redemptions of common stock related to stock option exercises 
 ) ) Distributions to noncontrolling interests 
 ) ) ) Acquisitions of noncontrolling interests 
 ) Noncontrolling interests assumed related to acquisitions 
 Adjustments to redemption amount of redeemable noncontrolling interests 
 ) ) Capital contributions from noncontrolling interests Deferred compensation obligation ) Other 
 ) Balances as of October 31, 2021 
 HEICO Shareholders' Equity Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests Common Stock Class A Common Stock Capital in Excess of Par Value Deferred Compensation Obligation HEICO Stock Held by Irrevocable Trust Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Retained Earnings Noncontrolling Interests Total Shareholders' Equity Balances as of October 31, 2019 
 Comprehensive income 
 Cash dividends per share) 
 ) ) Issuance of common stock to HEICO Savings and Investment Plan 
 Share-based compensation expense 
 Proceeds from stock option exercises 
 Redemptions of common stock related to stock option exercises 
 ) ) ) Noncontrolling interests assumed related to acquisitions 
 Capital contributions from noncontrolling interests Distributions to noncontrolling interests 
 ) ) ) Acquisitions of noncontrolling interests 
 ) Adjustments to redemption amount of redeemable noncontrolling interests 
 ) ) Deferred compensation obligation ) Other 
 ) ) Balances as of October 31, 2020 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 54 

Index 

 HEICO CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 
 (in thousands, except per share data) HEICO Shareholders' Equity Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests Common Stock Class A Common Stock Capital in Excess of Par Value Deferred Compensation Obligation HEICO Stock Held by Irrevocable Trust Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Retained Earnings Noncontrolling Interests Total Shareholders' Equity Balances as of October 31, 2018 
 Cumulative effect from adoption of ASC 606 
 Comprehensive income 
 ) Cash dividends per share) 
 ) ) Issuance of common stock to HEICO Savings and Investment Plan 
 Share-based compensation expense 
 Proceeds from stock option exercises 
 Redemptions of common stock related to stock option exercises 
 ) ) ) ) Noncontrolling interests assumed related to acquisitions Distributions to noncontrolling interests ) ) ) Adjustments to redemption amount of redeemable noncontrolling interests 
 ) ) Deferred compensation obligation 
 ) Other 
 Balances as of October 31, 2019 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 
 55 

Index 

 HEICO CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (in thousands) Year ended October 31, 2021 2020 2019 Operating Activities: Net income from consolidated operations 
 Adjustments to reconcile net income from consolidated operations 
 to net cash provided by operating activities: 
 Depreciation and amortization Share-based compensation expense Employer contributions to HEICO Savings and Investment Plan Deferred income tax benefit ) ) ) Increase in accrued contingent consideration, net Payment of contingent consideration ) ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities, net of acquisitions: (Increase) decrease in accounts receivable ) ) Decrease (increase) in contract assets ) Increase in inventories ) ) ) (Increase) decrease in prepaid expenses and other current assets ) Increase (decrease) in trade accounts payable ) ) Increase (decrease) in accrued expenses and other current liabilities ) Increase (decrease) in income taxes payable ) Net changes in other long-term liabilities and assets related to HEICO Leadership Compensation Plan Other Net cash provided by operating activities 
 Investing Activities: Acquisitions, net of cash acquired 
 ) ) ) Capital expenditures 
 ) ) ) Investments related to HEICO Leadership Compensation Plan, net 
 ) ) ) Other 
 Net cash used in investing activities 
 ) ) ) Financing Activities: Payments on revolving credit facility 
 ) ) ) Borrowings on revolving credit facility 
 Distributions to noncontrolling interests ) ) ) Cash dividends paid ) ) ) Redemptions of common stock related to stock option exercises ) ) ) Acquisitions of noncontrolling interests 
 ) ) Revolving credit facility issuance costs 
 ) Payment of contingent consideration 
 ) ) Proceeds from stock option exercises 
 Capital contributions from noncontrolling interests Other 
 ) ) ) Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities ) ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash 
 ) Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents ) ) Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year Cash and cash equivalents at end of year 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 56 

Index 

 HEICO CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

1. 

owned by Lufthansa Technik AG ("LHT"), the technical services subsidiary of Lufthansa German Airlines. HFSC consolidates five subsidiaries which are , , , and , owned, respectively, and seven subsidiaries that are each owned. In addition, HEICO Aerospace consolidates a joint venture, which is owned. HEICO Electronic consolidates four subsidiaries that are each owned, two subsidiaries that are each owned, and five subsidiaries which are , , , and owned, respectively. Certain subsidiaries of HEICO Electronic consolidate subsidiaries that are less than wholly owned. See Note 13, Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests. All intercompany balances and transactions are eliminated. 

57 

Index 

58 

Index 

to years Machinery and equipment to years Leasehold improvements to years Tooling to years 
 
 The costs of major additions and improvements are capitalized. Leasehold improvements are amortized over the shorter of the leasehold improvement s useful life or the lease term. 
 Repairs and maintenance costs are expensed as incurred. Upon an asset's disposition, its cost and related accumulated depreciation are removed from the financial accounts and any resulting gain or loss is reflected within earnings. 
 
 59 

Index 

60 

Index 

 : 
 to years Intellectual property to years Licenses to years Patents to years Trade names to years 
 Amortization expense of intellectual property, licenses and patents is recorded as a component of cost of sales, and amortization expense of customer relationships, non-compete agreements and trade names is recorded as a component of selling, general and administrative ("SG A") expenses in the Company s Consolidated Statements of Operations. The Company tests each non-amortizing intangible asset for impairment annually as of October 31, or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that the asset might be impaired. To derive the fair value of its trade names, the Company utilizes an income approach, which relies upon management's assumptions of royalty rates, projected revenues and discount rates. The Company also tests each amortizing intangible asset for impairment if events or circumstances indicate that the asset might be impaired. The test consists of determining whether the carrying value of such assets will be recovered through undiscounted expected future cash flows. If the total of the undiscounted future cash flows is less than the carrying amount of those assets, the Company recognizes an impairment loss based on the excess of the carrying amount over the fair value of the assets. The determination of fair value requires management to make a number of estimates, assumptions and judgments of such factors as projected revenues and earnings and discount rates. 

61 

Index 

Projected benefit obligation Funded status 
 
 62 

Index 

 63 

Index 

64 

Index 

65 

Index 

2. 
 
 ("Paciwave"). The purchase price of this acquisition was paid in cash using cash provided by operating activities. 
 
 In September 2021, the Company, through HEICO Electronic, acquired of the stock of ("RH Labs"). The remaining interest continues to be owned by certain members of RH Lab's management 
 66 

Index 

 of the equity interests of , which owns all of ("Ridge") and ("Bechdon"). The remaining interests continue to be owned by certain members of Ridge s and Bechdon's management teams (see Note 13, Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests, for additional information). The total consideration includes an accrual of million as of the acquisition date representing the estimated fair value of contingent consideration the Company may be obligated to pay should Ridge and Bechdon meet certain earnings objectives following the acquisition. See Note 8, Fair Value Measurements, for additional information regarding the Company s contingent consideration obligation. The purchase price of this acquisition was paid in cash using cash provided by operating activities. 
 
 In June 2021, the Company, through HFSC, acquired certain assets and liabilities of ("Camtronics"). As a result of the transaction, HFSC has an interest in Camtronics. Additionally, the noncontrolling interest holders of an owned subsidiary of HFSC have a interest in Camtronics and the remaining interest continues to be owned by certain members of Camtronics' management team (see Note 13, Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests, for additional information). The purchase price of this acquisition was paid in cash using cash provided by operating activities. 
 
 In March 2021, the Company, through HEICO Electronic, acquired all of the business, assets and certain liabilities of ("Pyramid"). The purchase price of this acquisition was paid in cash using cash provided by operating activities. 
 
 In August 2020, the Company, through HEICO Electronic, acquired of the equity interests of ("Connect Tech"). The remaining interest continues to be owned by a certain member of Connect Tech's management team (see Note 13, Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests, for additional information). The total consideration includes an accrual of million as of the acquisition date representing the estimated fair value of contingent consideration the Company may be obligated to pay should Connect Tech meet certain earnings objectives following the acquisition. See Note 8, Fair Value 
 67 

Index 

 and (collectively, "TSID") . The subsidiary of HEICO Electronic that completed the acquisition is owned by HEICO Electronic and owned by the noncontrolling interest holders of a subsidiary of HEICO Electronic that is also a designer and manufacturer of TSCM equipment (see Note 13, Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests, for additional information). The total consideration includes an accrual of million as of the acquisition date representing the estimated fair value of contingent consideration the Company may be obligated to pay should TSID meet certain earnings objectives following the acquisition. See Note 8, Fair Value Measurements, for additional information regarding the Company s contingent consideration obligation. 
 
 In June 2020, the Company, through HFSC, acquired of the membership interests of ("Rocky Mountain"). The remaining interest continues to be owned by certain members of Rocky Mountain's management team (see Note 13, Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests, for additional information). 
 
 In May 2020, a subsidiary of HEICO Electronic obtained ownership of the assets and liabilities of ("Freebird"), an entity in which the subsidiary held a controlling financial interest since November 2018. In June 2020, the HEICO Electronic subsidiary contributed the assets and liabilities of Freebird in exchange for a equity interest in ("EPC ), which the Company accounts for under the equity method. As the fair value of the net assets contributed approximated the fair value of the equity interest received in EPC, no material gain or loss was recorded as a result of this transaction. 
 
 In December 2019, the Company, through a subsidiary of HEICO Electronic, acquired of the business and assets of the ("HMI") product line of Spectralux Corporation. 
 
 In December 2019, the Company, through HEICO Electronic, acquired of the stock of ("Quell"). The remaining interest continues to be owned by certain members of Quell's 
 68 

Index 

 ("TTT"). The purchase price of this acquisition was paid in cash using cash provided by operating activities. 
 
 In July 2019, the Company, jointly through HEICO Electronic and one of its subsidiaries, acquired substantially all of the assets and business of a France-based company and transferred the assets to a newly created subsidiary, ("Bernier"). At the time of acquisition, the purchase of Bernier was inclusive of Bernier's equity interest in SARL ("MPI"), In June 2021, Bernier acquired the remaining 30 equity interest in MPI. The purchase price of this acquisition was paid in cash using cash provided by operating activities. 
 
 In June 2019, the Company, through HEICO Electronic, acquired of the membership interests of ("REI"). The remaining interest continues to be owned by certain members of REI's management team (see Note 13, Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests, for additional information). 
 
 In February 2019, the Company, through HFSC, acquired of the membership interests of ("Decavo"). The remaining interest continues to be owned by certain members of Decavo's management team (see Note 13, Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests, for additional information). The total consideration includes an accrual of million as of the acquisition date representing the estimated fair value of contingent consideration the Company may be obligated to pay should Decavo meet a certain earnings objective during the second and third years following the acquisition. See Note 8, Fair Value Measurements, for additional information regarding the Company's contingent consideration obligation. The purchase price of this acquisition was paid in cash principally using cash provided by operating activities. 
 
 In February 2019, the Company, through HEICO Electronic, acquired of the stock of ("SST"). The remaining interest continues to be owned by certain members of SST's management team (see Note 13, Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests, for additional information). 
 
 69 

Index 

 . Accordingly, the Company began consolidating the operating results of Freebird as of the acquisition date. Prior to this transaction, the Company accounted for its investment in Freebird under the equity method. The purchase price of this acquisition was paid in cash using cash provided by operating activities. 
 
 In November 2018, the Company, through HEICO Electronic, acquired of the stock of ("Apex"). The remaining interest continues to be owned by certain members of Apex's management team (see Note 13, Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests, for additional information). 
 
 In November 2018, the Company, through HEICO Electronic, acquired all of the stock of ("SSP"). 
 
 Unless otherwise noted, the purchase price of each of the above referenced acquisitions was paid in cash, principally using proceeds from the Company's revolving credit facility, and is not material or significant to the Company's consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Less: cash acquired 
 ) ) ) Cash paid, net 
 Contingent consideration 
 Fair value of existing equity interest 
 Additional purchase consideration 
 Total consideration 

70 

Index 

 Customer relationships Intellectual property Trade names Contract assets Property, plant and equipment Inventories Accounts receivable Other assets Total assets acquired, excluding cash Liabilities assumed: Deferred income taxes Accrued expenses Accounts payable Other liabilities Total liabilities assumed Noncontrolling interests in consolidated subsidiaries 
 Net assets acquired, excluding cash 
 
 Intellectual property 
 
 The allocation of the total consideration for the fiscal 2021 acquisitions to the tangible and identifiable intangible assets acquired and liabilities and noncontrolling interests assumed is preliminary until the Company obtains final information regarding their fair values. However, the Company does not expect any adjustment to such allocations to be material to the Company's consolidated financial statements. The allocation of the total consideration for the fiscal 2020 
 71 

Index 

3. 
 
 Less: Allowance for doubtful accounts 
 ) ) Accounts receivable, net 

Work in process 
 Materials, parts, assemblies and supplies 
 Inventories, net of valuation reserves 

72 

Index 

 Buildings and improvements 
 Machinery, equipment and tooling 
 Construction in progress 
 Less: Accumulated depreciation and amortization ) ) Property, plant and equipment, net 

The amounts set forth above include tooling costs having a net book value of million and million as of October 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Amortization expense on capitalized tooling was million, million and million in fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. 
 
 Depreciation and amortization expense, exclusive of tooling, on property, plant and equipment was million, million and million in fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. 
 
 Contract liabilities 
 Accrued customer rebates and credits 
 Current operating lease liabilities Other 
 Accrued expenses and other current liabilities 

The increase in accrued employee compensation and related payroll taxes principally reflects a lower level of accrued performance-based compensation expense in fiscal 2020 resulting from lower consolidated operating results mainly attributable to the Pandemic. The total customer rebates and credits deducted within net sales in fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019 was million, million and million, respectively. 
 
 Other Long-Term Assets and Liabilities 
 
 The Company provides eligible employees, officers and directors of the Company the opportunity to voluntarily defer base salary, bonus payments, commissions, long-term incentive awards and directors fees, as applicable, on a pre-tax basis through the HEICO Corporation Leadership Compensation Plan LCP ), a nonqualified deferred compensation plan that 
 73 

Index 

 of the first of base salary deferred by each participant. Director fees that would otherwise be payable in Company common stock may be deferred into the LCP, and, when distributable, are distributed in actual shares of Company common stock. The deferred compensation obligation associated with Company common stock is recorded as a component of shareholders equity at cost and subsequent changes in fair value are not reflected in operations or shareholders equity of the Company. Further, while the Company has no obligation to do so, the LCP also provides the Company the opportunity to make discretionary contributions. The Company s matching contributions and any discretionary contributions are subject to vesting and forfeiture provisions set forth in the LCP. Company contributions to the LCP charged to income in fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019 totaled million, million and million, respectively. The aggregate liabilities of the LCP were million and million as of October 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively, and are classified within other long-term liabilities and accrued expenses and other current liabilities in the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets. The assets of the LCP, totaling million and million as of October 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively, are classified within other assets in the Company's Consolidated Balance Sheets and principally represent cash surrender values of life insurance policies that are held within an irrevocable trust that may be used to satisfy the obligations of the LCP. Additional information regarding the assets of the LCP may be found in Note 8, Fair Value Measurements. 
 
 Research and Development Expenses 

Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss 
 Unrealized gain (loss) ) Amortization of unrealized loss Balances as of October 31, 2020 ) ) ) Unrealized (loss) gain ) Amortization of unrealized loss Balances as of October 31, 2021 
 74 

Index 

 4. 

Goodwill acquired Foreign currency translation adjustments 
 Deconsolidation of subsidiary 
 ) ) Adjustments to goodwill 
 ) ) Balances as of October 31, 2020 Goodwill acquired Foreign currency translation adjustments 
 Adjustments to goodwill 
 ) Balances as of October 31, 2021 
 
 The goodwill acquired during fiscal 2021 and 2020 pertains to the acquisitions consummated in those respective years as described in Note 2, Acquisitions, and represents the residual value after the allocation of the total consideration to the tangible and identifiable intangible assets acquired and liabilities and noncontrolling interests assumed. Foreign currency translation adjustments are included in other comprehensive income (loss) in the Company's Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income. Deconsolidation of subsidiary reflects the value of goodwill associated with an entity that the Company previously consolidated but subsequently contributed the net assets of the former entity to a new entity in which the Company holds a noncontrolling interest and accounts for under the equity method (See Note 2, Acquisitions, for additional information). The adjustments to goodwill represent immaterial measurement period adjustments to the purchase price allocation of certain fiscal 2020 and 2019 acquisitions. The Company estimates that million and million of the goodwill acquired in fiscal 2021 and 2020, respectively, will be deductible for income tax purposes. Based on the annual test for goodwill impairment as of October 31, 2021, the Company determined there is no impairment of its goodwill and the fair value of each of the Company s reporting units significantly exceeded their carrying value. 
 
 75 

Index 

Intellectual property 
 ) ) Licenses 
 ) ) Patents 
 ) ) Non-compete agreements 
 ) ) Trade names 
 ) ) ) ) Non-Amortizing Assets: 
 Trade names 

The increase in the gross carrying amount of customer relationships, intellectual property and trade names as of October 31, 2021 compared to October 31, 2020 principally relates to such intangible assets recognized in connection with the fiscal 2021 acquisitions (see Note 2, Acquisitions). 
 
 Amortization expense related to intangible assets was million, million and million in fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. Amortization expense for each of the next five fiscal years and thereafter is estimated to be million in fiscal 2022, million in fiscal 2023, million in fiscal 2024, million in fiscal 2025, million in fiscal 2026 and million thereafter. 

5. 

Finance leases and note payable (1) 
 Less: Current maturities of long-term debt 
 ) ) 
 (1) 
 
 The Company's borrowings under its revolving credit facility mature in fiscal 2024. As of October 31, 2021 and 2020, the weighted average interest rate on borrowings under the 
 76 

Index 

 and , respectively. The revolving credit facility contains both financial and non-financial covenants. As of October 31, 2021, the Company was in compliance with all such covenants. 
 
 Revolving Credit Facility 
 
 In November 2017, the Company entered into a billion Revolving Credit Facility Agreement ("Credit Facility") with a bank syndicate. The Credit Facility may be used to finance acquisitions and for working capital and other general corporate purposes, including capital expenditures. In December 2020, the Company entered into an amendment to extend the maturity date of the Credit Facility by one year to November 2023 and to increase the capacity by million to billion. The Credit Facility includes a feature that will allow the Company to increase the capacity by million to become a billion facility through increased commitments from existing lenders or the addition of new lenders and can be extended for an additional one-year period. 
 
 The Applicable Rate for Eurocurrency Rate Loans ranges from to . The Applicable Rate for Base Rate Loans ranges from to . A fee is charged on the amount of the unused commitment ranging from to (depending on the Company s Total Leverage Ratio). The Credit Facility also includes million sublimits for borrowings made in foreign currencies and for swingline borrowings, and a million sublimit for letters of credit. Outstanding principal, accrued and unpaid interest and other amounts payable under the Credit Facility may be accelerated upon an event of default, as such events are described in the Credit Facility. The Credit Facility is unsecured and contains covenants that require, among other things, the maintenance of a Total Leverage Ratio and an Interest Coverage Ratio, as such capitalized terms are defined in the Credit Facility. 

77 

Index 

 6. 
 
 Contract liabilities Net contract assets 
 
 The increase in the Company's contract assets during fiscal 2021 principally reflects the contract assets of certain businesses acquired during fiscal 2021. The increase in the Company's contract liabilities during fiscal 2021 principally reflects the receipt of customer deposits on certain long-term customer contracts as well as the contract liabilities of certain businesses acquired during fiscal 2021. 
 
 The amount of revenue that the Company recognized during fiscal 2021 that was included in contract liabilities as of the beginning of fiscal 2021 was million. 
 
 Remaining Performance Obligations 
 
 As of October 31, 2021, the Company had million of remaining performance obligations associated with contracts with an original duration of greater than pertaining to the majority of the products offered by the ETG as well as certain products of the FSG's specialty products and aftermarket replacement parts product lines. The Company will recognize net sales as these obligations are satisfied. The Company expects to recognize million of this amount during fiscal 2022 and million thereafter, of which the majority is expected to occur in fiscal 2023. 
 
 78 

Index 

Repair and overhaul parts and services (2) 
 Specialty products (3) 
 Total net sales Electronic Technologies Group: Electronic component parts primarily for 
 defense, space and aerospace equipment (4) 
 Electronic component parts for equipment 
 in various other industries (5) 
 Total net sales Intersegment sales ) ) ) Total consolidated net sales 
 
 (1) 
 (2) 
 (3) 
 (4) 
 (5) 
 79 

Index 

Defense and Space Other (1) 
 Total net sales Electronic Technologies Group: Defense and Space Other (2) 
 Aerospace Total net sales Intersegment sales ) ) ) Total consolidated net sales 
 
 (1) 

7. 

Foreign Income before taxes and noncontrolling interests 

80 

Index 

State Foreign Deferred: Federal ) ) ) State ) ) ) Foreign ) ) ) ) ) ) Total income tax expense 

State taxes, net of federal income tax benefit 
 Tax benefit related to stock option exercises 
 Tax-exempt gains on corporate-owned life insurance policies Research and development tax credits 
 Foreign derived intangible income deduction 
 Nondeductible compensation 
 Other, net 
 Effective tax rate 

The Company's effective tax rate in fiscal 2021 was , as compared to in fiscal 2020. The Company recognized a discrete tax benefit from stock option exercises in fiscal 2021 and 2020 of million and million, respectively. The tax benefit from stock option exercises in both years was the result of strong appreciation in HEICO's stock price during the optionees' holding periods and the million larger benefit recognized in fiscal 2020 was the result of more stock options exercised. Additionally, the effective tax rate in fiscal 2021 reflects the favorable impact of higher tax-exempt unrealized gains in the cash surrender values of life insurance policies related to the LCP. 
 
 81 

Index 

 , as compared to in fiscal 2019. The decrease in the Company's effective tax rate in fiscal 2020 is mainly attributable to a million larger tax benefit recognized in fiscal 2020 from stock option exercises compared to fiscal 2019 as a result of more stock options exercised and the strong appreciation in HEICO's stock price during the optionees' holding periods. 
 
 The Company files income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction and in multiple state jurisdictions. The Company is also subject to income taxes in certain jurisdictions outside the U.S., none of which are individually material to the accompanying consolidated financial statements. Generally, the Company is no longer subject to U.S. federal, state or foreign examinations by tax authorities for years prior to fiscal 2017. One of the Company's foreign subsidiaries files income tax returns in The Netherlands and Thailand where the statute of limitations is open for its fiscal 2015 returns. 
 
 Deferred income taxes reflect the net tax effects of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. The Company believes that it is more likely than not that it will generate sufficient future taxable income to utilize all of its deferred tax assets and has therefore not recorded a valuation allowance on any such asset. 
 
 82 

Index 

Inventories 
 Operating lease liabilities Share-based compensation 
 Performance-based compensation accrual Allowance for doubtful accounts receivable Deferred payroll taxes Customer rebates accrual 
 Vacation accrual 
 Other 
 Total deferred tax assets 
 Deferred tax liabilities: 
 Goodwill and other intangible assets 
 ) ) Property, plant and equipment 
 ) ) Operating lease right-of-use assets ) ) Adoption of ASC 606 (revenue recognition) ) ) Other 
 ) ) Total deferred tax liabilities 
 ) ) Net deferred tax liability 

As of October 31, 2021 and 2020, the Company s liability for gross unrecognized tax benefits related to uncertain tax positions was million and million, respectively, of which million and million, respectively, would decrease the Company s income tax expense and effective income tax rate if the tax benefits were recognized. 
 Increases related to current year tax positions Increases related to prior year tax positions Decreases related to prior year tax positions ) Lapses of statutes of limitations ) ) Balances as of end of year 
 
 83 

Index 

 8. 

Money market funds Total assets Liabilities: Contingent consideration 
 
 As of October 31, 2020 Quoted Prices in Active Markets for Identical Assets (Level 1) Significant Other Observable Inputs (Level 2) Significant Unobservable Inputs (Level 3) Total Assets: Deferred compensation plan: Corporate-owned life insurance Money market funds Total assets Liabilities: Contingent consideration 

The Company maintains the HEICO Corporation Leadership Compensation Plan (the "LCP"), which is a non-qualified deferred compensation plan. The assets of the LCP principally represent cash surrender values of life insurance policies, which derive their fair values from investments in mutual funds that are managed by an insurance company, and are classified within Level 2 and valued using a market approach. Certain other assets of the LCP represent investments in money market funds that are classified within Level 1. The assets of the LCP are held within an irrevocable trust and classified within other assets in the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 As part of the agreement to acquire of the equity interests of a subsidiary by the FSG in fiscal 2021, the Company may be obligated to pay contingent consideration of 
 84 

Index 

 million as early as in fiscal 2024 should the acquired entity meet a certain earnings objective during the three-year period following the acquisition. Additionally, the Company may be obligated to pay contingent consideration of up to million as early as in fiscal 2026 should the acquired entity meet a certain earnings objective during the three-year period following the second anniversary of the acquisition. As of October 31, 2021, the estimated fair value of the contingent consideration was million. 
 
 As part of the agreement to acquire of the equity interests of a subsidiary by the ETG in fiscal 2020, the Company may be obligated to pay contingent consideration of up to CAD million, or million, in fiscal 2025 should the acquired entity meet certain earnings objectives during fiscal 2023 and 2024. However, should the acquired entity achieve a certain earnings objective over any two consecutive fiscal years beginning in fiscal 2021 and ending in fiscal 2023, half of the contingent consideration obligation, or CAD million, would be payable in the following year. As of October 31, 2021, the estimated fair value of the contingent consideration was CAD million, or million. 
 
 As part of the agreement to acquire a subsidiary by the ETG in fiscal 2020, the Company may be obligated to pay contingent consideration of up to million in fiscal 2025 based on the earnings of the acquired entity during calendar years 2023 and 2024 provided the entity meets certain earnings objectives during each of calendar years 2021 to 2024. As of October 31, 2021, the estimated fair value of the contingent consideration was million. The obligation to pay any contingent consideration would be payable by a consolidated subsidiary of HEICO that is owned by HEICO Electronic. 
 
 As part of the agreement to acquire a subsidiary by the ETG in fiscal 2017, the Company may be obligated to pay contingent consideration of million in fiscal 2023 should the acquired entity meet a certain earnings objective during the first six years following the acquisition. As of October 31, 2021, the estimated fair value of the contingent consideration was million. 
 
 The estimated fair value of the contingent consideration arrangements described above are classified within Level 3 and were determined using probability-based scenario analyses. Under this method, a set of discrete potential future subsidiary earnings was determined using internal estimates based on various revenue growth rate assumptions for each scenario. A probability of likelihood was assigned to each discrete potential future earnings estimate and the resultant contingent consideration was calculated. The resulting probability-weighted contingent consideration amounts were discounted using a weighted average discount rate reflecting the credit risk of HEICO. Changes in either the revenue growth rates, related earnings or the discount rate could result in a material change to the amount of contingent consideration accrued and such changes will be recorded in the Company's consolidated statements of operations. 
 
 85 

Index 

Compound annual revenue growth rate - 
 Discount rate - 
 8-18-2020 Compound annual revenue growth rate - 
 Discount rate - 
 8-11-2020 Compound annual revenue growth rate - 
 Discount rate - 
 9-15-2017 Compound annual revenue growth rate - 
 Discount rate - 

Contingent consideration related to acquisitions Increase in accrued contingent consideration, net Payment of contingent consideration ) Foreign currency transaction adjustments ) Balance as of October 31, 2020 Contingent consideration related to acquisitions Increase in accrued contingent consideration, net Foreign currency transaction adjustments Balance as of October 31, 2021 
 
 The Company's contingent consideration liabilities as of October 31, 2021 are included in other long-term liabilities in its Consolidated Balance Sheet and the Company records changes in accrued contingent consideration and foreign currency transaction adjustments within SG A expenses in its Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 86 

Index 

9. 

Current lease liabilities Long-term lease liabilities Total lease liabilities 
 
 The Company s operating lease expenses are recorded within cost of sales and/or SG A expenses in the Company s Consolidated Statements of Operations. The Company's finance lease expenses consist of amortization of ROU assets and interest on lease liabilities, which are included within cost of sales and/or SG A expenses, and interest expense, respectively, in the Company's Consolidated Statements of Operations. Further, interest expense on finance leases is recognized using the effective interest method based on the discount rate determined at lease commencement. 
 87 

Index 

 Variable lease expense Total operating lease expense (1) 
 Finance Leases: Amortization on finance lease ROU assets Interest on finance lease liabilities Variable lease expense Total finance lease expense 
 
 (1) . 
 
 2023 2024 2025 2026 Thereafter Total minimum lease payments Less: imputed interest ) ) Present value of minimum lease payments 
 
 The Company does not have any material leases that have been signed but have yet to commence as of October 31, 2021. 
 
 Weighted average discount rate 

88 

Index 

 Financing cash flows Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for new lease liabilities, net of terminations 
 
 Prior to the adoption of ASC 842, total rent expense charged to operations for operating leases in fiscal 2019 amounted to million. 

10. 
 
 of either or both of the Company's Class A Common Stock and the Company's Common Stock. The repurchase program does not have a fixed termination date. During fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019, the Company did not repurchase any shares of Company common stock under this program. 
 
 During fiscal 2021, the Company repurchased an aggregate shares of Class A Common Stock at a total cost of million. During fiscal 2020, the Company repurchased an aggregate shares of Class A Common Stock at a total cost of million. During fiscal 2019, the Company repurchased an aggregate shares and shares of 
 89 

Index 

 million and million, respectively. The shares repurchased represent shares tendered as payments to satisfy employee withholding taxes due upon exercises of stock option awards. The shares repurchased in fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019 did not impact the number of shares authorized for future purchase under the Company s share repurchase program and are reflected as redemptions of common stock related to stock option exercises in the Company's Consolidated Statements of Shareholders' Equity and Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. 
 
 Noncontrolling Interests 
 
 Consistent with the Company s past practice of increasing its ownership in certain non-wholly owned subsidiaries, on June 28, 2019, HEICO Aerospace paid dividends to HEICO and Lufthansa Technik AG LHT in proportion to their ownership interest in HEICO Aerospace of and , respectively (the Transaction ). LHT received a cash dividend of million that was funded principally using proceeds from the Company s revolving credit facility. HEICO effectively received as its dividend the noncontrolling interest held by LHT in eight of the Company s existing subsidiaries within its HEICO Aerospace subsidiary that are principally part of the FSG s repair and overhaul parts and services product line. HEICO did not record any gain or loss in connection with the Transaction. Immediately following the Transaction, HEICO transferred the eight businesses to HFSC, a wholly owned subsidiary of HEICO. LHT remains a owner in HEICO Aerospace, a designer and manufacturer of jet engine and aircraft component replacement parts. 

11. 
 
 million plus any options outstanding under the 2012 Plan as of the 2018 Plan's effective date that are subsequently forfeited or expire. A total of approximately million shares of the Company's common stock are reserved for issuance to employees, directors, officers and consultants as of October 31, 2021, including million shares currently under option and million shares available for future grants. 
 
 Stock options granted pursuant to the 2018 Plan may be designated as Common Stock and/or Class A Common Stock in such proportions as shall be determined by the Board of Directors or the Stock Option Plan Committee at its sole discretion. The exercise price per share of a stock option granted under the 2018 Plan may not be less than the fair market value of the designated class of Company common stock as of the date of grant and stock option grants vest ratably over a period specified as of the date of grant (generally and expire 
 90 

Index 

Granted ) Exercised ) Cancelled ) Outstanding as of October 31, 2019 Granted ) Exercised ) Cancelled ) Outstanding as of October 31, 2020 Granted ) Exercised ) Cancelled ) Outstanding as of October 31, 2021 
 
 Class A Common Stock 
 
 91 

Index 

 Class A Common Stock 

Tax benefit realized from stock option exercises Intrinsic value of stock option exercises 
 
 Net income from consolidated operations for the fiscal years ended October 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019 includes compensation expense of million, million and million, respectively, and an income tax benefit of million, million and million, respectively, related to the Company s stock options. Substantially all of the stock option compensation expense was recorded as a component of SG A expenses in the Company s Consolidated Statements of Operations. As of October 31, 2021, there was million of pre-tax unrecognized compensation expense related to nonvested stock options, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of approximately years. The total fair value of stock options that vested in fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019 was million, million and million, respectively. If there were a change in control of the Company, all of the unvested options outstanding as of October 31, 2021 would become immediately exercisable. 
 
 Risk-free interest rate Dividend yield Forfeiture rate Expected option life (years) Weighted average fair value 

92 

Index 

 12. 
 
 Employer Matching Contribution, as determined by the Board of Directors, based on a participant s Elective Deferral Contribution up to of the participant s Compensation for the Elective Deferral Contribution period. The 401(k) Plan also provides that the Company may make additional Employer Contributions. Employer Contributions may be contributed in the form of the Company s common stock or cash, as determined by the Company. Employer Contributions awarded in the form of Company common stock are valued based on the fair value of the underlying shares as of the effective date of contribution. Employer Contributions may be diversified by a participant into any of the participant-directed investment options of the 401(k) Plan; however, Employee Contributions may not be invested in Company common stock. Unless specified otherwise, all capitalized terms herein are defined in the 401(k) Plan document. 
 
 Participants receive vesting in Employee Contributions and on cash dividends received on Company common stock. Vesting in Employer Contributions is based on a participant s number of Years of Service. Employer Contributions to the 401(k) Plan charged to income in fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019 totaled million, million and million, respectively, and were made through the issuance of new shares of Company common stock and the use of forfeited shares within the 401(k) Plan. 
 
 Issuance of common stock to the 401(k) Plan ) ) Shares available for issuance as of October 31, 2019 Issuance of common stock to the 401(k) Plan ) ) Shares available for issuance as of October 31, 2020 Issuance of common stock to the 401(k) Plan ) ) Shares available for issuance as of October 31, 2021 

93 

Index 

 13. 

Redeemable based on a multiple of future earnings Redeemable noncontrolling interests 
 
 94 

Index 

2022 (1) 
 4 (2) 
 2006 FSG 2022 (1) 
 2008 FSG 2024 2009 ETG 2022 (1) 
 2012 FSG 2022 (1) 
 2012 FSG 2022 (1) 
 2015 FSG 2022 (1) 
 3 (3) 
 2015 FSG 2022 (1) 
 2015 FSG 2022 2015 ETG 2022 (1) 
 2017 FSG 2022 2 (4) 
 2018 ETG 2022 (1) 
 2019 ETG 2023 2019 ETG 2024 2019 FSG 2026 2019 ETG 2024 4 (5) 
 2020 ETG 2025 2020 FSG 2027 2020 ETG 2024 4 (5) 
 2020 ETG 2025 2021 FSG 2026 2021 FSG 2028 2021 ETG 2024 3 (6) 

(1) 
 (2) 
 (3) 
 (4) 
 (5) 
 (6) 
 95 

Index 

 million, of which approximately million would be payable in fiscal 2022 should all of the eligible associated noncontrolling interest holders elect to exercise their Put Rights during fiscal 2022. Additionally, the Company has call rights to purchase the equity interests of the noncontrolling holders over the same purchase period as the Put Rights. 
 
 During fiscal 2020, the holder of a noncontrolling equity interest in a subsidiary of the FSG that was acquired in fiscal 2008 exercised their option to cause the Company to purchase a portion of their noncontrolling interest over a two-year period ending in fiscal 2021. In June 2020, the Company acquired half of such interest, which increased the Company's ownership in the subsidiary to . In May 2021, the Company acquired the second half of such interest, which increased the Company's ownership interest in the subsidiary to . 
 
 During fiscal 2020, the holder of a noncontrolling equity interest in a subsidiary of the FSG that was acquired in fiscal 2015 exercised their option to cause the Company to purchase one-fourth of their interest. The Company acquired the noncontrolling interest in May 2020, which increased its ownership interest in the subsidiary to approximately . 
 
 In May 2020, the Company obtained control of the noncontrolling equity interest in a subsidiary of the ETG that was acquired in fiscal 2012, which increased the Company's ownership interest in the subsidiary to . 
 
 The million and million aggregate Redemption Amounts for the redeemable noncontrolling interests acquired in fiscal 2021 and 2020, respectively, were paid using cash provided by operating activities. 

96 

Index 

 14. 

Denominator: Weighted average common shares outstanding - basic Effect of dilutive stock options Weighted average common shares outstanding - diluted Net income per share attributable to HEICO shareholders: Basic Diluted Anti-dilutive stock options excluded 

15. 
 
 97 

Index 

98 

Index 

Depreciation Amortization Operating income ) Capital expenditures Year ended October 31, 2020: Net sales Depreciation Amortization Operating income ) Capital expenditures Year ended October 31, 2019: Net sales Depreciation Amortization Operating income ) Capital expenditures 
 
 (1) 
 
 2020 
 
 Major Customer and Geographic Information 
 
 The Company markets its products and services in approximately 115 countries. 
 99 

Index 

 Other countries Total net sales Long-lived assets: United States of America Other countries Total long-lived assets 

16. 
 million, which are supported by its revolving credit facility and principally pertain to performance guarantees related to customer contracts entered into by certain of the Company's subsidiaries as well as payment guarantees related to potential workers' compensation claims and a facility lease. 
 
 Product Warranty 

Accruals for warranties Acquired warranty liabilities Warranty claims settled ) ) Balances as of end of year 
 
 100 

Index 

17. 
 
 Cash received from income tax refunds ) ) ) Cash paid for interest Contingent consideration 
 Additional purchase consideration 

101 

Index 

 Item 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 
 None. 

Item 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 The Company s management, with the participation of the Company s Chief Executive Officer and its Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) as of the end of the period covered by this annual report. Based upon that evaluation, the Company s Chief Executive Officer and its Chief Financial Officer concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures are effective as of the end of the period covered by this annual report. 
 
 Management s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 Management of HEICO Corporation is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting for the Company. Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the Company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risks that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 Management, under the supervision of and with the participation of the Company s Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer, assessed the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) . Based on its assessment, management concluded that the Company s internal control over financial reporting is effective as of October 31, 2021. 
 
 102 

Index 

 As permitted by the Securities and Exchange Commission, companies are allowed to exclude acquisitions from their assessment of internal control over financial reporting during the first year of an acquisition and management elected to exclude Paciwave, Inc., R.H. Laboratories, Inc., Ridge Engineering, Inc., The Bechdon Company, Inc., Camtronics, LLC, and Pyramid Semiconductor LLC (collectively, the "Excluded Acquisitions") from its assessment of internal control over financial reporting as of October 31, 2021. See Note 2, Acquisitions, of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. The aggregate assets and net sales of the Excluded Acquisitions constituted 5.5 and .9 of the Company's consolidated total assets and net sales as of and for the year ended October 31, 2021, respectively. 
 
 Deloitte Touche LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, audited the Company s consolidated financial statements and financial statement schedule included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended October 31, 2021. A copy of their report is included in Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data , of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Deloitte Touche LLP has issued their attestation report on management s internal control over financial reporting, which is set forth below. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 There have been no changes in the Company s internal control over financial reporting during the fourth quarter ended October 31, 2021 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 As described in Management's Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting, the Company made several acquisitions during fiscal 2021 and is in the process of integrating each one into its overall internal control over financial reporting process. 
 
 Attestation Report of the Company's Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of 
 HEICO Corporation 
 Hollywood, Florida 
 
 Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 We have audited the internal control over financial reporting of HEICO Corporation and subsidiaries (the "Company") as of October 31, 2021, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of October 31, 2021, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by COSO. 
 
 103 

Index 

 We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated financial statements and financial statement schedule as of and for the year ended October 31, 2021, of the Company and our report dated December 21, 2021, expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial statements and financial statement schedule. 
 
 As described in Management's Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting , management excluded from its assessment the internal control over financial reporting at Paciwave, Inc., R.H. Laboratories, Inc., Ridge Engineering, Inc., The Bechdon Company, Inc., Camtronics, LLC, and Pyramid Semiconductor LLC (collectively, the "Excluded Acquisitions") which were acquired during the year ended October 31, 2021, and whose financial statements constitute 5.5 of total assets and .9 of net sales of the Company's consolidated financial statement amounts as of and for the year ended October 31, 2021, respectively. Accordingly, our audit did not include the internal control over financial reporting of the Excluded Acquisitions. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting . Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of 
 104 

Index 

 the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 /s/ DELOITTE TOUCHE LLP 
 
 Miami, Florida 
 December 21, 2021 

Item 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 None. 

Item 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 
 Not applicable. 

PART III 
 
 Item 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 
 Information concerning the members of the Board of Directors of the Company, including the Finance/Audit Committee of the Board of Directors, the independence of its members and the "audit committee financial expert" as defined by the Securities and Exchange Commission ("Commission"), as well as information concerning other corporate governance matters and compliance with Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is hereby incorporated by reference to the Company s definitive proxy statement, which will be filed with the Commission within 120 days after the close of fiscal 2021. 
 
 Information concerning the Executive Officers of the Company is set forth in Item 1 of Part I hereof under the caption Information About Our Executive Officers. 
 
 The Company has adopted a code of ethics that applies to its principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller and persons performing similar functions. The code of ethics is located on the Company s Internet website at http:// 
 105 

Index 

 www.heico.com. Any amendments to or waivers from a provision of this code of ethics will be posted on the Company s website. 

Item 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 
 Information concerning executive compensation required by this item is hereby incorporated by reference to the Company s definitive proxy statement, which will be filed with the Commission within 120 days after the close of fiscal 2021. 

Item 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 Information concerning security ownership of certain beneficial owners and management and related stockholder matters required by this item is hereby incorporated by reference to the Company s definitive proxy statement, which will be filed with the Commission within 120 days after the close of fiscal 2021. 
 Equity Compensation Plan Information 
 The following table summarizes information about our equity compensation plans as of October 31, 2021 (in thousands, except per share data): 
 Plan Category Number of Securities to be Issued Upon Exercise of Outstanding Options, Warrants and Rights (a) Weighted-Average Exercise Price of Outstanding Options, Warrants and Rights (b) Number of Securities 
 Remaining Available for 
 Future Issuance Under 
 Equity Compensation 
 Plans (Excluding 
 Securities Reflected in 
 Column (a)) 
 (c) (2) 
 Equity compensation plans approved by security holders (1) 
 4,341 52.16 3,374 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders 
 Total 4,341 52.16 3,374 
 __________________ 
 
 (1) Represents aggregated information pertaining to our four equity compensation plans: the HEICO Corporation 2018 Incentive Compensation Plan, the 2012 Incentive Compensation Plan, the 2002 Stock Option Plan and the Non-Qualified Stock Option Plan. See Note 11, Share-Based Compensation, of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for further information regarding these plans. 
 
 (2) Shares are available for future grant in column (c) solely under the HEICO Corporation 2018 Incentive Compensation Plan, under a formula that counts one share against the available share reserve for each one share subject to a stock option or stock appreciation right, and counts 2.5 shares against the available share reserve for each one share subject to a restricted stock award, a restricted stock unit award, a free-standing dividend equivalent award, or any other stock-based award or a performance award denominated in shares. Additionally, the 3,374 remaining number of securities available for future issuance may be designated as Common Stock and/or Class A Common Stock in such proportions as shall be determined by the Board of Directors or the Stock Option Plan Committee at its sole discretion. 
 106 

Index 

 Item 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 
 Information concerning certain relationships and related transactions and director independence required by this item is hereby incorporated by reference to the Company s definitive proxy statement, which will be filed with the Commission within 120 days after the close of fiscal 2021. 

Item 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 
 Information concerning fees and services by the principal accountant required by this item is hereby incorporated by reference to the Company s definitive proxy statement, which will be filed with the Commission within 120 days after the close of fiscal 2021. 

PART IV 
 
 Item 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 
 (a)(1) Financial Statements 
 The following consolidated financial statements of the Company and subsidiaries and report of independent registered public accounting firm are included in Part II, Item 8: 
 Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 48 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of October 31, 2021 and 2020 
 51 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended 
 October 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019 
 52 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the years ended 
 October 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019 
 53 
 Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity for the years ended 
 October 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019 
 54 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended October 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019 
 56 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 57 
 
 (a)(2) Financial Statement Schedules 
 The following financial statement schedule of the Company and subsidiaries is included herein: 
 Schedule II Valuation and Qualifying Accounts 
 111 
 
 All other schedules have been omitted because the required information is not applicable or the information is included in the consolidated financial statements or notes thereto presented in Part II, Item 8. 
 107 

Index 

 (a)(3) Exhibits 
 Exhibit Description 2.1 Amended and Restated Agreement of Merger and Plan of Reorganization, dated as of March 22, 1993, by and among HEICO Corporation, HEICO Industries, Corp. and New HEICO, Inc. is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-4 (Registration No. 33-57624) Amendment No. 1 filed on March 19, 1993. 3.1 Articles of Incorporation of the Registrant are incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company's Registration Statement on Form S-4 (Registration No. 33-57624) Amendment No. 1 filed on March 19, 1993. 3.2 Articles of Amendment of the Articles of Incorporation of the Registrant, dated April 27, 1993, are incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company's Registration Statement on Form 8-B dated April 29, 1993. 3.3 Articles of Amendment of the Articles of Incorporation of the Registrant, dated November 3, 1993, are incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 to the Form 10-K for the year ended October 31, 1993. 3.4 Articles of Amendment of the Articles of Incorporation of the Registrant, dated March 19, 1998, are incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.4 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-3 (Registration No. 333-48439) filed on March 23, 1998. 
 3.5 Articles of Amendment of the Articles of Incorporation of the Registrant, dated as of November 2, 2003, are incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.5 to the Form 10-K for the year ended October 31, 2003. 
 3.6 Articles of Amendment of the Articles of Incorporation of the Registrant, dated March 26, 2012, are incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Form 8-K filed on March 29, 2012. 
 3.7 Articles of Amendment of the Articles of Incorporation of the Registrant, dated March 16, 2018, are incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Form 8-K filed on March 20, 2018. 
 
 3.8 Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Registrant, effective as of September 22, 2014, are incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Form 8-K filed on September 25, 2014. 
 4.1 Description of HEICO Corporation Capital Stock is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Form 10-K for the year ended October 31, 2019. 
 10.1# HEICO Savings and Investment Plan, as amended and restated effective as of January 1, 2012 is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended January 31, 2013. 
 10.2# First Amendment, effective January 1, 2020, to the HEICO Savings and Investment Plan is inco rporated by reference to Exhibit 10. 2 to the Form 10-K for the year ended October 31, 202 0 . 
 
 108 

Index 

 Exhibit Description 10.3# Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement for Directors, Officers and Employees is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the Form 10-K for the year ended October 31, 1985. 10.4# HEICO Corporation Amended and Restated 2002 Stock Option Plan, effective March 28, 2008, is incorporated by reference to Appendix A to the Form DEF-14A filed on February 28, 2008. 
 10.5# HEICO Corporation 2012 Incentive Compensation Plan is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Form 8-K filed on March 29, 2012. 
 10.6# HEICO Corporation 2018 Incentive Compensation Plan is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Form 8-K filed on March 20, 2018. 
 10.7# HEICO Corporation Directors Retirement Plan, as amended, dated as of May 31, 1991, is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.19 to the Form 10-K for the year ended October 31, 1992. 10.8# HEICO Corporation Leadership Compensation Plan, effective October 1, 2006, as Re-Amended and Restated effective January 1, 2017, is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Form 10-K for the year ended October 31, 2016. 
 10.9# First Amendment to the HEICO Leadership Compensation Plan, as Re-Amended and Restated effective January 1, 2017 is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Form 8-K filed on March 24, 2021. 
 10.10# Employment Agreement and Non-Competition and Non-Solicitation Agreement, effective June 1, 2012, by and between HEICO Corporation and Carlos Macau is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Form 8-K filed on June 1, 2012. 
 10.11 Shareholders Agreement, dated October 30, 1997, by and between HEICO Aerospace Holdings Corp., HEICO Aerospace Corporation and all of the shareholders of HEICO Aerospace Holdings Corp. and Lufthansa Technik AG is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.32 to the Form 10-K/A for the year ended October 31, 1997. 
 10.12 Revolving Credit Agreement, dated as of November 6, 2017, among HEICO Corporation, as Borrower, the Lenders from time to time party hereto, SunTrust Bank, as Administrative Agent, L/C Issuer and Swingline Lender; Wells Fargo Bank, National Association and Bank of America, N.A., as Co-Syndication Agents; and PNC Bank, National Association, Branch Banking and Trust Company, Capital One, National Association, Fifth Third Bank, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., TD Bank N.A. and U.S. Bank National Association, as Co-Documentation Agents, is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Form 8-K filed on November 8, 2017. 
 10.13 First Amendment to Revolving Credit Agreement, effective as of December 11, 2020, among HEICO Corporation, as Borrower, the Lenders from time to time party thereto and Truist Bank (as successor by merger to SunTrust Bank), as Administrative Agent is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Form 8-K filed on December 14, 2020. 
 
 109 

Index 

 Exhibit Description 10.14 Stock Purchase Agreement Between and Among HEICO Electronic Technologies Corp., AeroAntenna Technology, Inc., Yosef (Joseph) Klein, Carmela Klein, Carmela Klein, Trustee of the Carmela Klein Exempt Trust under the Yosef Klein 2008 Irrevocable Delaware Trust, dated September 5, 2008 and Yosef Klein, Trustee of the Carmela Klein 2010 Irrevocable Delaware Trust, dated April 1, 2010; dated as of August 17, 2017, is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended July 31, 2017. 
 21 Subsidiaries of HEICO Corporation. 
 23 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 
 31.1 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Chief Executive Officer. 
 31.2 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Chief Financial Officer. 
 32.1 Section 1350 Certification of Chief Executive Officer. 
 32.2 Section 1350 Certification of Chief Financial Officer. 
 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document - The instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL Document. 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document. 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 
 # Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement required to be filed as an exhibit. Previously filed. Filed herewith. Furnished herewith. 

Item 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 
 None 

110 

Index 

 HEICO CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 (Deductions) additions charged to costs and expenses (a) 
 ) Additions charged (credited) to other accounts (b) 
 Deductions (c) 
 ) ) ) Allowance as of end of year 
 
 (a) 
 (b) 
 (c) 
 Year ended October 31, 2021 2020 2019 Inventory valuation reserves (in thousands): Reserves as of beginning of year Additions charged to costs and expenses (a) 
 Additions (deductions) charged to other accounts (b) 
 ) Deductions (c) 
 ) ) ) Reserves as of end of year 
 
 (a) 
 (b) 
 
 111 

Index 

 SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 HEICO CORPORATION Date: December 21, 2021 By: /s/ CARLOS L. MACAU, JR. Carlos L. Macau, Jr. Executive Vice President - Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer (Principal Financial Officer) By: /s/ STEVEN M. WALKER Steven M. Walker Chief Accounting Officer and Assistant Treasurer (Principal Accounting Officer) 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 Name Position(s) Date /s/ LAURANS A. MENDELSON Chairman of the Board; Chief Executive Officer; and Director (Principal Executive Officer) December 21, 2021 Laurans A. Mendelson /s/ THOMAS M. CULLIGAN Director December 21, 2021 Thomas M. Culligan /s/ ADOLFO HENRIQUES Director December 21, 2021 Adolfo Henriques /s/ MARK H. HILDEBRANDT Director December 21, 2021 Mark H. Hildebrandt /s/ ERIC A. MENDELSON Co-President and Director December 21, 2021 Eric A. Mendelson /s/ VICTOR H. MENDELSON Co-President and Director December 21, 2021 Victor H. Mendelson /s/ JULIE NEITZEL Director December 21, 2021 Julie Neitzel /s/ ALAN SCHRIESHEIM Director December 21, 2021 Alan Schriesheim /s/ FRANK J. SCHWITTER Director December 21, 2021 Frank J. Schwitter 
 112 

<EX-21>
 2
 a10312021heiq4exhibit21.htm
 EX-21

Document 

Exhibit 21 
 
 SUBSIDIARIES OF HEICO CORPORATION 
 State or Other Name Jurisdiction of Incorporation HEICO Aerospace Holdings Corp. Florida HEICO Aerospace Corporation Florida Jet Avion Corporation Florida LPI Industries Corporation Florida Parts Advantage, LLC Delaware McClain International, Inc. Georgia McClain Property Corp. Florida Rogers-Dierks, Inc. Florida Turbine Kinetics, Inc. Florida ATK Acquisition Corp. Florida AD HEICO Acquisition Corp. Florida AeroDesign, Inc. Tennessee Battery Shop, L.L.C. Tennessee Aviation Facilities, Inc. Florida JA Engineering I Corp. Florida JA Engineering II Corp. Florida Jetavi Engineering Private Limited India DEC Technologies, Inc. Florida Meridian Industrial, Inc. Florida Dynatech Acquisition Corp. Florida HEICO Parts Group, Inc. Florida 

State or Other Name Jurisdiction of Incorporation HEICO Flight Support Corp. Florida HEICO Repair, LLC Florida Aircraft Technology, Inc. Florida Northwings Accessories Corp. Florida Aviation Engineered Services Corp. Florida HB Fuel Systems LLC Florida HEICO Repair Group Aerostructures, LLC Florida Future Aviation, Inc. Florida Inertial Airline Services, Inc. Ohio HEICO Aerospace Parts Corp. Florida Niacc-Avitech Technologies Inc. Florida Prime Air, LLC Florida Avisource Limited United Kingdom Prime Air Europe Limited United Kingdom Sunshine Avionics LLC Florida HNW Building Corp. Florida HNW2 Building Corp. Florida CSI Aerospace, Inc. Florida Action Research Corporation Florida Reinhold Holdings, Inc. Delaware Reinhold Industries, Inc. Delaware Carbon by Design Corporation Florida Carbon by Design LLC California Optical Display Engineering, Inc. Florida Optical Display Engineering, LLC Florida Thermal Structures, Inc. California Thermal Energy Products, Inc. California Jetseal, Inc. Delaware Seal Dynamics LLC Florida Seal Dynamics LLC (Singapore Branch) Singapore Seal Dynamics Limited United Kingdom Seal Q Corp. Florida Blue Aerospace LLC Florida 

State or Other Name Jurisdiction of Incorporation HEICO International Holdings B.V. Netherlands Aeroworks International Holding B.V. Netherlands Aeroworks Europe B.V. Netherlands Aeroworks (Lao) Co., Ltd. Laos DIRI Co., Ltd. Laos Aeroworks Lao II Co., Ltd. Laos Aeroworks Special Products B.V. Netherlands Aeroworks (Asia) Ltd. Thailand Aeroworks Manufacturing Services (Asia) Ltd. Thailand Aeroworks Composites B.V. Netherlands Aeroworks Composites (Asia) Ltd. Thailand HFSC III Corp. Florida Harter Aerospace, LLC Florida Aerospace & Commercial Technologies, LLC Florida Astroseal Products Mfg. Corporation Connecticut Astro Property, LLC Connecticut HFSC IV Corp. Florida LLP Enterprises, LLC Florida Air Cost Control US, LLC Florida Air Cost Control PTE, Ltd. Singapore A2C Air Cost Control SAS France Air Cost Control Germany GmbH Germany 60 Sequin LLC Connecticut HFSC V, LLC Florida Decavo LLC Oregon HFSC VI, LLC Florida HFSC VII, LLC Florida Rocky Mountain Hydrostatics, LLC Colorado Camtronics, LLC Florida HFSC VIII, LLC Florida Ridge HoldCo, LLC Florida Ridge Engineering, LLC Maryland Breidon, LLC Maryland The Bechdon Company, LLC Maryland 

State or Other Name Jurisdiction of Incorporation HEICO Electronic Technologies Corp. Florida Radiant Power Corp. Florida Radiant-Seacom Repairs Corp. Florida HETC IV, LLC Florida Radiant Power IDC, LLC Florida Interface Displays & Controls, Inc. California Leader Tech, Inc. Florida FerriShield, Inc. Pennsylvania Santa Barbara Infrared, Inc. California IRCameras LLC Florida Sensor Technology Engineering, LLC Florida Analog Modules, Inc. Florida Sierra Microwave Technology, LLC Delaware Connectronics Corp. Florida Lumina Power, Inc. Florida 26 Ward Hill Property, LLC Florida De-Icing Investment Holdings Corp. Florida HVT Group, Inc. Delaware Dielectric Sciences, Inc. Massachusetts Essex X-Ray & Medical Equipment LTD United Kingdom High Voltage Technology Limited United Kingdom Engineering Design Team, Inc. Oregon EMD Acquisition Corp. Florida EMD Technologies Incorporated Canada VPT, Inc. Virginia SI-REL, Inc. Delaware SST Components, Inc. Delaware VPT GaN, LLC Virginia Dukane Seacom, Inc. Florida AeroELT, LLC Florida dB Control Corp. Florida Paciwave, Inc. California TTT-Cubed, Inc. California 3D Acquisition Corp. Florida 3D Plus SAS France Bernier Connect SAS France Moulages Plastiques Industriels de L'essonne SARL France 3D Plus U.S.A., Inc. Delaware 

State or Other Name Jurisdiction of Incorporation Switchcraft Holdco, Inc. Delaware Switchcraft, Inc. Illinois Conxall Corporation Illinois Switchcraft Far East Company, Ltd. Republic of South Korea Ramona Research, Inc. California Lucix Corporation California Midwest Microwave Solutions, Inc. Iowa Robertson Fuel Systems, L.L.C. Arizona AeroAntenna Technology, Inc. California HETC I, LLC Florida Research Electronics International, L.L.C. Tennessee Specialty Silicone Products, Inc. New York 3 McCrea Property Company, LLC Florida HETC II Corp. Florida Apex Holding Corp. Delaware Apex Microtechnology, Inc. Arizona HETC III, LLC Florida Solid Sealing Technology, Inc. New York Quell Corporation Colorado HETC V, LLC Florida TSID Holdings, LLC Florida Transformational Security, LLC Maryland Intelligent Devices, LLC Delaware 1260041 B.C. LTD. Canada Connect Tech Inc. Canada Connect Tech Real Estate Holdings Inc. Canada Pyramid Semiconductor Corp. Florida R.H. Laboratories, Inc. New Hampshire HEICO East Corporation Florida 16-1741 Property, Inc. Florida Bay Equipment Corp. Delaware 

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 3
 a10312021heiq4exhibit23.htm
 EX-23

Document 

Exhibit 23 
 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statement Nos. 33-4945, 333-108471, 333-161956, 333-180454, 333-210043 and 333-223790 on Forms S-8 of our reports dated December 21, 2021, relating to the consolidated financial statements and financial statement schedule of HEICO Corporation and subsidiaries and the effectiveness of HEICO Corporation and subsidiaries internal control over financial reporting, appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of HEICO Corporation for the year ended October 31, 2021. 
 
 s DELOITTE & TOUCHE LLP 
 
 Miami, Florida 
 December 21, 2021 

</EX-23>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 a10312021heiq4exhibit311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 
 RULE 13a-14(a) 15d-14(a) CERTIFICATION 
 
 I, Laurans A. Mendelson, certify that 
 
 (1) I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of HEICO Corporation 
 
 (2) Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 (3) Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 (4) The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 (5) The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date December 21, 2021 s LAURANS A. MENDELSON Laurans A. Mendelson Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 a10312021heiq4exhibit312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 
 RULE 13a-14(a) 15d-14(a) CERTIFICATION 
 
 I, Carlos L. Macau, Jr., certify that 
 
 (1) I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of HEICO Corporation 
 
 (2) Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 (3) Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 (4) The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 (5) The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date December 21, 2021 s CARLOS L. MACAU, JR. Carlos L. Macau, Jr. Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 a10312021heiq4exhibit321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 
 SECTION 1350 CERTIFICATION 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report of HEICO Corporation (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended October 31, 2021 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Laurans A. Mendelson, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Date December 21, 2021 s LAURANS A. MENDELSON Laurans A. Mendelson Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 a10312021heiq4exhibit322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 
 SECTION 1350 CERTIFICATION 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report of HEICO Corporation (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended October 31, 2021 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Carlos L. Macau, Jr., certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Date December 21, 2021 s CARLOS L. MACAU, JR. Carlos L. Macau, Jr. Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 hei-20211031.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 hei-20211031_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 hei-20211031_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 hei-20211031_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 hei-20211031_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

