<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20211215_10-K_edgar_data_1561180_0001213900-21-065280.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>19794630</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>488676</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>7564723</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4459469</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3218663</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3707377</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>17</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-21-065280.hdr.sgml : 20211215
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20211214194151
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-21-065280
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		181
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20210831
FILED AS OF DATE:		20211215
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20211214

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			PETROTEQ ENERGY INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001561180
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	DRILLING OIL & GAS WELLS [1381]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			A6
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0831

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-55991
		FILM NUMBER:		211492505

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		15315 W MAGNOLIA BLVD, SUITE 120
		CITY:			SHERMAN OAKS
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			91403
		BUSINESS PHONE:		800-979-1897

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		15315 W MAGNOLIA BLVD, SUITE 120
		CITY:			SHERMAN OAKS
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			91403

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	MCW Energy Group Ltd
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20131209

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	MCW Enterprises Ltd.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20121026

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-21-065280.txt : 20211215

10-K
 1
 f10k2021_petroteqenergy.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

Annual
Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

For the Fiscal Year Ended 

or 

Transition
Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

Commission File Number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its
charter) 

None (State or other jurisdiction of 
incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer 
Identification No.) , , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip code) 

(Registrant s telephone number, including
area code) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the act: None 

Title of each class: Trading Symbol(s): Name of each exchange on which registered: N/A 

Securities registered pursuant to section 12(g)
of the Act: 

Common Shares, without par value 
 
 (Title of Class) 

Indicate by check mark if
the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if
the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has
been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required
to submit such files). No 

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging
growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting
company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company,
indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial
accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 

The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity
held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which the common equity was last sold on the TSX Venture Exchange as of the
last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter (CAD 0.07 converted to US 0.0552 on February
28, 2021) was approximately: . 

Indicate the number of shares
outstanding of each of the issuer s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date: 

Number of shares of common
stock outstanding as of December 14, 2021 was . 

Documents incorporated by reference: None. 

NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This Annual Report on Form
10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the
 Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). In
particular, statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including but not limited to, statements regarding the sufficiency
of our cash, our ability to finance our operations and business initiatives and obtain funding for such activities; our future results
of operations and financial position, business strategy and plan prospects are forward looking statements. These forward-looking statements
relate to our future plans, objectives, expectations and intentions and may be identified by words such as may, will, 
 should, expects, plans, anticipates, intends, targets, 
 projects, contemplates, believes, seeks, goals, estimates, 
 predicts, potential and continue or similar words. Readers are cautioned that these forward-looking
statements are based on our current beliefs, expectations and assumptions and are subject to risks, uncertainties, and assumptions that
are difficult to predict, including those identified below, under Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Annual
Report on Form 10-K. Therefore, actual results may differ materially and adversely from those expressed, projected or implied in any forward-looking
statements. We undertake no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements for any reason. 

NOTE REGARDING COMPANY REFERENCES 

Throughout this Annual Report
on Form 10-K, Petroteq, the Company, we, us and our refer to Petroteq
Energy Inc. 

PETROTEQ ENERGY INC. 

FORM 10-K 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

PART I. 
 
 1 
 
 Item 1. 
 Business 
 
 1 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 
 21 
 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 38 
 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 
 38 
 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 
 39 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 39 

PART II. 
 
 41 
 
 Item 5. 
 Market price of, and dividends of the Registrant s Common Equity and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 41 
 
 Item 6. 
 Selected Financial Data 
 
 41 
 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 42 
 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 45 
 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 F-1 
 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 46 
 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 
 46 
 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 
 46 

PART III. 
 
 47 
 
 Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 47 
 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 
 49 
 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 53 
 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 
 54 
 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 
 56 

PART IV. 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules and Reports on Form 10-K 
 
 57 
 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 
 58 
 
 SIGNATURES 
 
 59 

i 

PART I 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS. 

BUSINESS OVERVIEW 

We are a holding company organized under the
laws of Ontario, Canada, that is engaged in various aspects of the oil and gas industry. Our primary focus is on the development and
implementation of our proprietary oil sands mining and processing technology to recover oil from surface mined bitumen deposits. Our
wholly-owned subsidiary, Petroteq Energy CA, Inc., a California corporation PCA ), conducts our oil sands extraction business
through two wholly owned operating companies, Petroteq Oil Recovery, LLC, a Utah limited liability company POR ), and TMC
Capital, LLC, a Utah limited liability company TMC Capital ). Another subsidiary, Petrobloq LLC, a California limited liability
company Petrobloq ), also wholly owned by Petroteq, is currently dormant. 

Oil Sands Processing 

Through PCA, our wholly-owned subsidiary, and
PCA s two subsidiaries POR and TMC Capital, we are in the business of exploring for, extracting and producing oil and hydrocarbon
products from oil sands deposits and sediments located in the Asphalt Ridge Are of Uintah County, Utah, utilizing our proprietary extraction
technology (the Petroteq Clean Oil Recovery Technology or Extraction Technology ). Our primary oil sands extraction
and processing operations are conducted at our Asphalt Ridge processing facility (herein the Asphalt Ridge Plant or Plant ),
which is owned by POR. 

Petroteq owns the intellectual property rights
to the Petroteq Clean Oil Recovery Technology which is used at our Asphalt Ridge Plant to extract and produce crude oil from oil sands
utilizing a closed-loop solvent based extraction system. 

The Asphalt Ridge Plant initially commenced operations
as a pilot plant in 2015 at a site near Maeser, Utah, but was relocated in 2017 to a site near our Asphalt Ridge Mine #1 located on lands
a Mining and Mineral Lease Agreement dated as of July 1, 2013, between Asphalt Ridge, Inc., as lessor, and TMC, as lessee, (the TMC
Mineral Lease ). The relocation of the Plant near our existing mine site was designed to improve logistical and processing efficiencies
in the oil sands recovery process. The relocation of the Plant occurred during a temporary suspension of our mining and processing operations
in 2016 that resulted from a sharp decline in world oil prices. We restarted operations at the end of May 2018 and completed expansion
work on the Plant to increase production capacity to 400-500 barrels of oil per day during the last quarter of fiscal 2019 (the quarter
ended August 31, 2019). During our testing of the Plant and its increased production capacity during the first quarter of fiscal 2020
(the quarter ending November 30, 2019), we determined that a number of equipment upgrades were required to support continuous operation
of the Plant. As discussed below, these upgrades were completed in December 2020. 

We had expected to generate revenue from the sale
of hydrocarbon products from the Asphalt Ridge Plant commencing in the third quarter ending May 31, 2020. However, due to the COVID-19
pandemic and volatility in oil prices, we reduced operations to a single shift per day during the quarter ending February 29, 2020 and
ultimately suspended operations at the Plant during the quarter ending May 31, 2020. 

In July 2020, Greenfield Energy LLC Greenfield ),
a joint venture company formed by TomCo Energy PLC, a UK energy company, and Valkor LLC Valkor ), a Texaco limited liability
company, assumed the management and operation of the Asphalt Ridge Plant. Under a Technology License Agreement dated July 2, 2019, Petroteq
granted to Valkor a non-exclusive license and right to use Petroteq s Clean Oil Recovery Technology in operations conducted at the
Plant. Since July 2020, Greenfield has implemented various upgrades to the Plant to improve operating capacity and reliability and began
testing to assess the commerciality of the Plant and Petroteq s proprietary technology. To improve operational capability during
winter months, Greenfield also arranged for buildings to be erected over the nitrogen system and the vapor recovery system and for wind-walls
were erected at the mixing tank area and decanter deck at the Plant. 

1 

Following the startup of the Plant in January
2021, we determined that certain additional equipment would be required to improve the process of extracting bitumen from oil sands ore
and the removal of clay fines from produced oil. The additional equipment was required to transition the plant to commercialization and
to demonstrate the commerciality of both the Plant and Petroteq s Clean Oil Recovery Technology. The required equipment was installed
and commissioned and the Plant was restarted in April 2021. 

The first full load of oil produced by the Plant
was sold in June 2021 by Valkor. The production and sale of the first load of oil from the Plant following a series of upgrades was an
important milestone as it demonstrated that heavy oil from Utah oil sands can be produced economically using Petroteq s Clean Oil
Recovery Technology without the use of water and without any requirement for a tailings pond. The buyer paid West Texas Intermediate Crude
Oil WTI benchmark pricing of 70.91 per barrel for the 10.2 API heavy sweet crude oil produced by the Plant. The
fact that we received WTI pricing for the oil produced by the Plant demonstrates that the heavy sweet (low sulfur) oil produced from Utah s
oil sands in the Asphalt Ridge area will likely command a premium price relative to other heavy oils. 

The 2021 FEED Design Platform 

In July 2021, Crosstrails Engineering LLC completed
a Front End Engineering Design (the 2021 FEED for a 5,000 barrel per day BPD production train that could
be constructed either at the site of the Asphalt Ridge Plant or as a separate oil sands processing facility at an undeveloped site. The
2021 FEED describes the design data, design requirements, detailed major equipment requirement, and general operating philosophies for
the development of a 5,000 BPD production train, including a Class 3 25 cost estimate of approximately 110 million for construction
of a new commercial plant as a separate facility. The cost estimates in the 2021 FEED suggest a capital cost of 22,000 per daily barrel
of production. A new oil sands processing facility based on the 2021 FEED will consist of an initial 5,000 BPD production train but provides
for a possible future expansion to 10,000 BPD through the addition of a second parallel 5,000 BPD train. The capital cost of 22,000 per
daily barrel for an initial 5,000 BPD production train installed either as an adjunct to the existing Asphalt Ridge Plant or as a separate
processing facility on an undeveloped site compares very favorably with the construction costs of plants and facilities that deploy more
traditional methods of extracting bitumen and heavy oil from oil sands. 

Preliminary estimates for the longest lead time
for procuring equipment for a new 5,000 BPD production train under the 2021 FEED are approximately 48-54 weeks. The overall engineering,
procurement and construction of a 5,000 BPD plant are estimated to require 54-62 weeks, barring any significant supply chain upsets or
adverse weather conditions during construction and commissioning of the plant. Once constructed and operating, it is estimated that each
production train will employ 40-50 persons between mining and plant operations. 

Petroteq anticipates that the 2021 FEED may provide
the basis for a standard design package for 5,000 BPD production trains constructed by Petroteq or by its technology licensees in Utah
and in other parts of the United States and other countries having oil sands and other structures holding substantial bitumen and heavy
oil resources. Any standard design package developed from the 2021 Feed may require a certain amount of customization for local site conditions
and ore characteristics, but the differences are not expected to be significant. 

Status of Mining Processing Operations

After the April 2021 restart, the Asphalt Ridge
Plant was operated intermittently until August 2021, when operations were suspended to allow the Company and its engineering firms to
conduct a detailed inspection of the Plant for the purpose of determining whether the Plant s equipment, and the configuration of
its units, would permit the integration or auxiliary construction of a new 5,000 BPD production training based on the 2021 FEED. During
this period, exploratory core sampling and testing was conducted of the oil sands resources at Asphalt Mine #1. 

Based on the inspections of the Plant s
units and equipment and evaluations of core data taken from areas at and around Asphalt Ridge Mine #1, the Company preliminarily decided,
subject to further study and evaluation, to (a) construct a separate 5,000 BPD oil sands processing plant, with the option of adding a
second 5,000 BPD production train, on an undeveloped site in the Asphalt Ridge area (and not as an expansion to the existing Plant), (b)
continue to operate the Asphalt Ridge Plant where economic conditions support commercial operations, and (c) to augment the supply of
oil sands ore from Asphalt Mine #1 as feedstock for the Plant to higher quality oil sands ores and sediments mined or produced from other
leases and properties in the Asphalt Ridge area. 

2 

In September 2021, we initiated discussions with
Valkor for the purpose of developing a long term oil sands ore supply contract with Greenfield for the purchase of oil sands ores produced
from mineral leases held or managed by Greenfield in the Asphalt Ridge Northwest area. 

The Plant is currently in a winterized shut-down,
although it may be restarted and operated upon short notice for demonstration purposes and for the purpose of testing and evaluating different
oil sands ores and materials sources from different leases and properties in the Asphalt Ridge area. We currently anticipate that the
Asphalt Ridge Plant will resume processing and production operations in February-March 2022. Upon resuming operations, the Plant will
be operated primarily for the purpose of processing oil sands ores and bituminous sands sourced from both Asphalt Mine #1 and from Asphalt
Ridge leases held or managed by Greenfield or Valkor, and potentially from other sources in the Asphalt Ridge area. The Plant will also
be used for demonstration purposes for potential investors and prospective technology licensees and for the purpose of testing and evaluating
oil sands and heavy oil source material produced from areas within the Uintah Basin in Utah and in other regions of the United States
and other countries as such materials are made available to us. 

Research and Development 

The Asphalt Ridge Plant has proved that Petroteq s
Clean Oil Recovery Technology, including our redesigned extraction and production process, is capable of producing oil in marketable quantities
and that a substantial portion of the post processed sand generated by our extraction and production operations may be sold
for various uses. Petroteq continued to test ore from various oil sands deposits and resources in the Asphalt Ridge area of Utah, with
varying degrees of oil quality and with oil saturations in the range of 5 to 10 percent by weight. Petroteq s proprietary technology
and extraction process has been successful in extracting oil from the different oil sands ores that we have tested, confirming that our
oil extraction technology can accommodate a wide range of ore specifications. 

During the fiscal year ending August 31, 2021,
we engaged Kahuna Ventures LLC, an energy-focused project execution firm, to review the POSP operating data, process simulation data,
and our 5,000 BPD FEED study. The technical evaluation conducted by Kahuna Ventures indicated extraction costs of approximately 13.50
per barrel of oil produced. With mining and ore transport costs adding another 8.50 per barrel, this suggests an estimated operating
cost of approximately 22 per barrel of oil produced (prior to adjustment for corporate overhead, production related taxes and royalties).
The estimated operating cost of 22 per produced barrel of oil does not take into account the reduction in net operating costs that may
result from the sale of commercial marketable sand generated during our extraction and production operations, which we estimate could
reduce our net operating costs, measured on a per barrel of oil produced basis, by as much as 10-15 per barrel. 

Several barrels of produced oil from the Asphalt
Ridge Plant have now been tested by Quadrise Fuels International plc in the United Kingdom for the purpose of assessing the suitability
of the heavy sweet oil produced by the POSP for their MSAR technology. MSAR is a low viscosity oil-in-water emulsified synthetic
heavy fuel oil HFO ). It is manufactured using Quadrise s proprietary technology to mix heavy oils with small amounts
of specialist chemicals and water to a bespoke formulation. According to Quadrise, the resulting emulsion contains approximately 30 water
and less than 1 chemicals. The emulsion is a low viscosity liquid at room temperature, which makes it easier to handle and reduces the
heating costs for storing, transportation and use in comparison to HFOs. 

In September 2021, Quadrise reported that the
testing program, which was completed at the Quadrise Research Facility ("QRF") in Essex, in the United Kingdom, confirmed the
ability to produce commercial MSAR and bioMSAR fuels from the sample of heavy sweet oil provided by Greenfield from the POSP
and that a report of the testing results has been issued to the client. Simulations of storage and handling of both MSAR and
bioMSAR produced were also completed during the program, which indicated that commercial production of MSAR and bioMSAR 
fuels would be possible in Utah for potential power and marine end-user applications domestically and internationally. Quadrise further
noted that this testing concluded the proof-of-concept work that was scheduled in Phase 1 of the Commercial Trial Agreement between Greenfield
and Quadrise announced on August 18, 2020. Quadrise recently reported that Greenfield and Quadrise have entered into discussions regarding
potential future trials and deployment of the technology to produce MSAR and/or bioMSAR fuel at a commercial scale. 

3 

Petroteq continues to work with a local drilling
fluids company to identify customers for the commercially marketable sand generated from the Asphalt Ridge Plant for use in oil and gas
hydraulic fracturing or fracking operations. The fluids company has to date taken 340 tons of sand and it is expected that
it will take the additional processed sand currently available, together with additional quantities of sand as and when they are produced
at the Plant. The proceeds from the sale of sand are expected to be approximately 15-20 per ton 10-15 per barrel). 

As announced by Petroteq on November 17, 2020,
Greenfield has executed a non-exclusive, multi-site license with Petroteq (the Greenfield License ). The Greenfield License
has been granted in consideration for 2,000,000 in funding that Greenfield has provided to date for upgrades to the Asphalt Ridge Plant.
The Greenfield License will allow Greenfield to use Petroteq s Clean Oil Recovery Technology in any future oil sands processing
plants built by Greenfield in the United States. The Greenfield License provides that the ownership of any intellectual property developed
as a result of upgrades to or operations conducted at the POSP, including associated trials and testing, will be owned by Petroteq. At
the same time, any such intellectual property, including any oil sands technologies developed by Petroteq, will be included within the
scope of the Greenfield License and may be used by Greenfield under the terms of the license. 

For any future oil sands plants built by Greenfield
utilizing the Greenfield License, Greenfield will pay Petroteq a 5 royalty of net revenues received from crude oil and other hydrocarbon
products produced from oil sand resources. 

In October 2021, Petroteq and Big Sky Resources
LLC Big Sky ), a company based in Rye, New York, entered into a technology license agreement under which Petroteq granted
to Big Sky a non-exclusive, non-transferable license and right to use Petroteq's proprietary technology to design, construct, operate
and finance oil sands extraction plants at up to two locations in the continental United States. Under the agreement, Big Sky
has agreed to pay Petroteq a one-time, non-refundable license fee of 2 million, which will become payable upon commencing construction
of its first plant. The agreement further provides that Big Sky will pay Petroteq a 5 royalty on the net revenue received by Big
Sky from the production, sale or other disposition of licensed product from the plants for as long as Petroteq continues to hold
enforceable and protected intellectual property rights in the licensed technology in the United States. 

Pursuant to the licensing agreement, Big Sky is
obligated to engage Valkor LLC (or an affiliate named by Valkor) as the sole and exclusive provider of engineering, planning, and
construction services for all oil sands plants built by Big Sky or under its direction. Big Sky has indicated it will work closely
with Valkor to identify plant locations in the State of Utah. 

ASPHALT RIDGE PROCESSING PLANT 

In June 2011, Petroteq commenced the development
of the Asphalt Ridge Plant at a site near Maeser, Utah and entered into construction and equipment fabrication contracts for the purpose
of evaluating Petroteq s Clean Oil Recovery Technology in extracting, processing and producing crude oil from oil sands mined from
the TMC Mineral Lease and from other deposits located in the Asphalt Ridge area of Utah. By January 2014, our initial processing facility,
designed as a pilot plant having processing capacity of 250 barrels per day, was fully permitted and construction was completed by October
1, 2014. Operations conducted at the pilot plant during 2015 allowed us to test and evaluate our proprietary technology at or near the
Plant s capacity. During 2015, the Plant produced approximately 10,000 (gross) barrels of oil from the local oil sands ores, including
oil sands deposits located within our TMC Mineral Lease. From this production, 7,777.33 barrels of finished crude oil were sold to an
oil and gas distributor for resale to its refinery customers, with the balance of the produced oil used internally to power generators
for the Plant. The initial processing plant was flexible in that it had the ability to produce both high quality heavy crude oil as well
as lighter oil if needed. 

In 2015, with the sharp decline in world oil prices,
we determined that the transportation costs incurred in hauling mined ore from our mine site to pilot processing facility, a distance
of approximately 17 miles, were adversely affecting the economics of our processing operations. For that reason, we temporarily suspended
operations in 2016, and, in 2017, the Plant was disassembled and moved from its original location to the site of our Temple Mountain mining
site (referred to as Asphalt Ridge Mine #1) located within the TMC Mineral Lease. During the reassembly of the Plant, additional equipment
was installed to increase the Plant s capacity from 250 barrels per day to 400-500 barrels per day. In May 2018, mining operations
at Asphalt Ridge Mine #1 recommenced, and the new upgraded Asphalt Ridge Plant commenced a test production phase of heavy crude oil from
oil sands deposits at this site. Work to increase the Plant s capacity to 400-500 barrels per day was completed during the last
quarter of fiscal 2019 (the quarter ended August 31, 2019). Testing, which continued into the first quarter of fiscal 2020 (the quarter
ended November 30, 2019), determined that a number of equipment upgrades were required to support continuous operation of the Plant. 

4 

Greenfield, a joint venture company established
by TomCo and Valkor, assumed responsibility for the management and operations of our Asphalt Ridge Plant in July 2020. Greenfield has
made certain upgrades to the Plant to improve its capacity and reliability. During the ensuing year, we anticipate that the Plant will
be operated for the purpose of (a) extracting, processing and producing crude oil and other hydrocarbon products from oil sands ores supplied
by our Asphalt Mine #1, from Greenfield and potentially from other sources and properties located in the Asphalt Ridge area, (b) evaluating
and testing oil sands from varying sources that are impregnated with oils having different qualities and characteristics, and (c) demonstrating
the capabilities of Petroteq s Clean Oil Recovery Technology to potential investors and prospective licensees. Recent budgets for
the Plant prepared by Valkor estimate that, during the ensuing year, the Plant will require approximately 3.8 million in capital expenditures
and operating expenses and should be able to generate revenue in the range of 4 million. 

RESOURCES AND MINING OPERATIONS 

Through its acquisition of TMC Capital in June
2015, Petroteq indirectly acquired certain mineral rights under the TMC Mineral Lease, which encompassed approximately 1,229.82 acres
of land in the Temple Mountain area of Asphalt Ridge in Uintah County, Utah. In June 2018, Petroteq, acting through POSR, acquired the
record lease title and all of the operating rights to produce oil from oil sands resources under two mineral leases entitled Utah
State Mineral Lease for Bituminous-Asphaltic Sands , each dated June 1, 2018, between the State of Utah s School and Institutional
Trust Land Administration SITLA ), as lessor, and POSR, as lessee, covering lands consisting of approximately 1,351.91 acres
that largely adjoin the lands covered by the TMC Mineral Lease the Temple Mountain SITLA Leases ). In March 2019, a third
SITLA Lease was acquired by Petroteq that added 39.97 acres to the mix in the Temple Mountain area of Asphalt Ridge. 

In April 2019 and in July 2019, in two separate
transactions, TMC Capital acquired an initial 50 and then the remaining 50 of the oil sands operating rights under five (5) federal
(U.S.) oil and gas leases administered by the (U.S.) Department of Interior s Bureau of Land Management BLM ), covering
lands located in eastern and south-eastern Utah BLM Leases ). The BLM Leases have been included in applications, filed decades
ago with the BLM under the (U.S.) Combined Hydrocarbon Lease Act of 1981, for conversion to new Combined Hydrocarbon Leases 
that will eventually allow the development of oil sands resources in the federal lands included within the BLM Leases and in surrounding
areas, 

As described in more detail below, the TMC Mineral
Lease in its original form was terminated effective August 10, 2020, and a new Short-Term Mining Lease, dated the same date, was entered
into between Asphalt Ridge, Inc., as lessor, and Valkor, as lessee. Valkor and TMC Capital thereafter entered into a Short-Term Mining
and Mineral Sublease dated August 20, 2020 (the TMC Mineral Sublease in which all of Valkor s rights and interests
under the Short-Term Mining Lease were subleased to TMC Capital. As of August 31, 2021, Petroteq (through its subsidiaries) held mineral
leases (or the operating rights under leases) covering approximately 7,631.91 net acres within the State of Utah, consisting of approximately
320 acres held under the TMC Mineral Sublease, 1,351.91 acres held under the Temple Mountain SITLA Leases, and 5,960 acres under the BLM
Leases. 

Between March 14, 2019 and May 31, 2020, we made
cash deposits of 1,907,000, included in prepaid expenses and other current assets on the consolidated balance sheets for the acquisition
of 100 of the operating rights under U.S. federal oil and gas leases, administered by the BLM in Garfield and Wayne Counties, covering
approximately 8,480 gross acres in P.R. Springs and the Tar Sands Triangle within the State of Utah. The total consideration of 3,000,000
has been partially settled by the 1,907,000 cash deposit, with the balance of 1,093,000 still outstanding. 

5 

In a letter agreement dated April 17, 2020 between
the transferor of the oil and gas leases and TMC Capital, as transferee, the parties, due to uncertainty as to whether all of the 10 leases
for which the Company had initially paid deposits would be considered active by BLM and included in new Combined Hydrocarbon Leases (CHLs)
under the Combined Hydrocarbon Act of 1981 - agreed to adjust the purchase price as follows: (a) should all 10 of the leases be available
and included in CHL s, the Company will pay the additional 1,093,000 for the rights under the leases; (b) if only a portion of
the leases ranging from 4 to 9 of the leases are available and included in CHL s, the final purchase price of the leases will be
between 1.5 million and 2.5 million; and (c) notwithstanding the above, if after a period of 7 years from April 17, 2020, at least six
of the leases are not determined to be active and are not included in CHLs the Company shall be entitled to demand a refund of 1.2 million
or instruct the Seller to acquire other leases in the same area for up to 1.2 million. 

The following table sets forth the gross/net developed
and undeveloped acreage held under the TMC Mineral Sub-Lease. 

TMC Mineral Lease 
 Developed/Undeveloped Acreage (Gross/Net) 
 
 Total Acreage 
 
 Gross Acres 
 1,229.82 acres 
 
 Net Acres 
 1,229.82 acres 
 
 Developed Acreage 
 
 Asphalt Ridge Mine #1/Permit Boundaries 
 
 Gross Acres 
 174.00 acres 
 
 Net Acres 
 174.00 acres 
 
 Undeveloped Acreage 
 
 Acreage Outside Asphalt Ridge Mine #1/Permit Boundaries 
 
 Gross Acres 
 1,055.82 acres 
 
 Net Acres 
 1,055.82 acres 

The TMC Mineral Sublease covers lands situated
in or near Utah s Asphalt Ridge, an area located along the northern edge of the Uintah Basin and containing oil sands deposits located
at or near the surface. Most of the oil-impregnated reservoirs or deposits in the Asphalt Ridge area are found in the Rimrock Sandstone
(Mesaverde Group Formations) and in the (Tertiary) Duchense River Formation. Substantial bitumen deposits in the Rimrock and Duchense
River Formations extend from the northwest in a southeasterly direction through the lands included in the TMC Mineral Sublease, including
the lands included in T5S-R22E (Section 31) where our Asphalt Ridge Mine #1 is located. Bitumen and heavy oil saturated pay thicknesses
in lands covered by the TMC Mineral Sublease generally range from 50-200 feet or more, with oil content or saturation averaging approximately
6 by weight. 

As announced by Petroteq on October 29, 2020,
a recent survey of Petroteq's lease properties has identified three key areas where the oil sands ore appears to have higher oil saturations
than what was previously mined. Samples were taken from each location and lab assays of the samples showed that the ore was a higher quality
to that mined previously. These areas are currently anticipated to be the focus of Petroteq's mining efforts during the initial operation
of the Asphalt Ridge Plant following its restart. In addition, six corehole locations were staked and, subject to rig availability, will
be drilled during January. This work is expected to allow Petroteq's mining consultant to develop a detailed mining plan which would direct
future mining operations for extended plant operation. No additional exploratory work has been performed in the preceding three years. 

The following tables set forth the gross/net undeveloped
acreage held under the SITLA Leases and BLM Leases, respectively. 

SITLA Leases 
 
 Developed/Undeveloped Acreage (Gross/Net) 

SITLA Lease #53806 
 
 Gross Acres 
 833.03 acres 
 
 Net Acres 
 833.03 acres 

SITLA Lease #53807 
 
 Gross Acres 
 478.91 acres 
 
 Net Acres 
 478.91 acres 

SITLA Lease #53918 

Gross Acres 
 39.97 acres 
 
 Net Acres 
 39.97 acres 
 
 All Acreage is Currently Undeveloped 

6 

BLM Leases 
 Developed/Undeveloped Acreage (Gross/Net) 

BLM Lease #U-38071 
 
 Gross Acres 
 1,920.00 acres 
 
 Net Acres 
 1,920.00 acres 

BLM Lease #U-08291G 
 
 Gross Acres 
 160.00 acres 
 
 Net Acres 
 160.00 acres 

BLM Lease #U-17781 
 
 Gross Acres 
 1,880.00 acres 

Net Acres 
 1,880.00 acres 

BLM Lease #U-17979 
 
 Gross Acres 
 720.00 acres 
 
 Net Acres 
 720.00 acres 

BLM Lease #U-20860 
 
 Gross Acres 
 1,280.00 acres 
 
 Net Acres 
 1,280.00 acres 

All Acreage is Currently Undeveloped 

The BLM Leases include lands located either in
the P.R. Springs or Tar Sands Triangle Areas of Utah, geographic areas that have been designated STSAs by the (U.S.) Department of Interior. 

TMC Mineral Sublease 

The TMC Mineral Lease originally issued to TMC Capital in July 2013
has been terminated and replaced with (a) a new Short-Term Mining Lease dated as of August 10, 2020 between Asphalt Ridge, Inc., as lessor,
and Valkor, as lessee, and (b) a TMC Mineral Sublease in which all of the rights and interests of Valkor under the Short-Term Mining Lease
were subleased to TMC Capital. Under the TMC Mineral Lease, TMC Capital was granted the exclusive right to explore for, mine and produce
oil and other minerals associated with oil sands, subject to certain depth limits. The lands covered by and included within the TMC Mineral
Sublease include both our Asphalt Mine #1 and the Asphalt Ridge Plant owned by POSR 

Previously, TMC Capital was the direct lessee
under the TMC Mineral Lease, which was amended on October 1, 2015, March 1, 2016, February 1, 2018, and most recently on November 21,
2018. The primary term of the TMC Mineral Lease originally commenced July 1, 2013 and continued for approximately seven years until August
20, 2020, 

7 

The TMC Mineral Sublease has a term that
is co-extensive with the term of the Short-Term Mining Lease between Asphalt Ridge, Inc. and Valkor, and originally included an expiration
date of June 30, 2021. On July 1, 2021 Asphalt Ridge, Inc. and Valkor amended the Short-Term Mining Lease to extend the term of the lease
until December 31, 2021, which in turn extended the term of the TMC Mineral Sublease to December 31, 2021 as well. We anticipate that
additional extensions will be agreed upon by December 31, 2021 that will extend the term of the Short Term Mining Lease and the TMC Mineral
Sublease as may be required to continue operations under the lease and at the Asphalt Ridge Plant during the ensuing year. 

Upon entering into the TMC Mineral Sublease, TMC
Capital paid Valkor an initial rental fee in the amount of 25,000 and is required to pay Valkor a monthly rental fee of 15,000 during
the term of the TMC Mineral Sublease. TMC Capital is also obligated to pay production royalties consisting of (a) eight percent (8 of
the gross revenue received from the sale or disposition of bitumen or from oil and other minerals derived from processing bitumen extracted
from oil sands deposits within the lands covered by the Sublease. 

During the year ending August 31, 2020, we received
(gross) proceeds of 290,809 from the sale of upgraded or finished oil produced at the Asphalt Ridge Plant from oil sands mined under
the TMC Mineral Lease. During our fiscal years ending August 31, 2019 we had sales of 59,335 and for the years ended August 31, 2018
and 2017 and 2016, we had no sales of produced oil since, during this period, we temporarily suspended our mining and processing operations
during the relocation, reassembly and expansion of the Plant to a new site located within the TMC Mineral Lease. 

During the last five (5) months of 2015, we produced
approximately 10,000 barrels of oil, with 2,222 barrels consumed as fuel in plant operations and 7,777.33 barrels sold and delivered to
an independent purchaser at the Plant. Our use of produced oil as a fuel source for plant generators in 2015 is no longer necessary since
the Plant s power supply is now provided by a local power company. 

The costs associated with extraction and processing
operations at the Asphalt Ridge Plant that are used in determining our Average Production Costs include the costs of oil
sands ore, natural gas liquids, aromatic solvent, operator labor, electricity, propane, nitrogen, water, diesel fuel and rental equipment.
The primary costs are the costs of mining oil sands ore, natural gas liquids, aromatic solvents, and labor costs. Other than the aromatic
solvents, the condensate used as both a solvent and a feedstock in the processing operations at Plant is produced by processing natural
gas liquids through a distillation column, with aromatic solvents then added to the distillate. In addition: 

Our fixed costs generally remain constant without regard to the API gravity of our upgraded crude oil; 

Our oil sands ore costs, which include our mining costs, the cost of transporting mined ore to our processing facility, and pre-processing costs (crushing etc.) incurred in preparing mined ore for processing, do not vary with the API gravity of the oil produced at our facility, but will decrease over time (subject to economies of scale) as our mining operations expand and oil production increases; and 

Solvent and condensate costs are based on the market prices that exist for each category of product, which are usually determined by a monthly average of prevailing prices in effect during the month of delivery. Solvent and condensate costs typically increase as the target API gravity for our finished crude oil increases. 

During the period of August 2018 through December
2018, our Average Production Costs at the Asphalt Ridge Plant decreased to 27 per barrel of oil produced at the facility.
During this period, our fixed costs did not differ materially from our August 2015 to December 2015 fixed costs. We do anticipate that
any increase in production or throughput capacity at the Plant will result in any reduction of the fixed costs per barrel at the facility. 

With respect to variable costs at the Asphalt
Ridge Plant, our oil sands ore cost during the 2018 period increased to an average of 6.65 per barrel, due primarily to the quantity
and quality of ore processed, but with cost-savings resulting from the relocation of the Plant to the site of our Asphalt Ridge Mine #1
located within the TMC Mineral Lease. In addition, during the 2018 period, our average cost of aromatic solvent decreased to 0.47 per
gallon and the average cost of condensate was substantially lower at 2.75 per barrel, due primarily to our production of heavier oil
with an API gravity of between 15 and 25 degrees. 

8 

The API gravity for the raw heavy oil or bitumen
extracted from oil sands ores initially processed at the Asphalt Ridge Plant has averaged approximately 10 degrees. Through the application
of our Crude Oil Recovery Technology at the Plant, we are able to produce a crude oil having a range of API gravity of between 10 degrees
and 12 degrees. Through our solvent formulation and the select distillation capabilities, we are able to craft final crude oil products
that can meet the specifications of a range of customers. 

Generally, we have been able to sell the finished
oil produced at our Asphalt Ridge Plant at a price representing a discount off an average of published prices for West Texas Intermediate
(WTI) crude oil for a specified period. WTI crude oil is commonly used as a benchmark in pricing oil under oil sales/purchase contracts,
particularly in the United States. The discount off the WTI benchmark price is based on a number of factors, including differences that
may exist between the specifications of our crude oil and those of WTI crude oil together with the cost of transporting our crude oil
to delivery points. Since WTI crude oil generally has an API gravity of between 37-42 degrees, a heavier oil having a lower API gravity
in the range of the oil produced at our processing facility will be valued and sold at a price reflecting a discount off the WTI benchmark
price. More recently, however, we have been able to sell finished oil produced at the Plant at a price that is closer to or at the WTI
benchmark price, suggesting that we are increasingly able to market our produced oils at a premium due to refiner demands for domestic
heavy sweet crude oil. 

Acquisition of the Asphalt Ridge NW Leases 

Recently, TMC Capital and POSR, Petroteq s
operating subsidiaries, and Valkor entered into an Agreement Governing Reciprocal Assignment of Mineral Leases dated October
15, 2021 (the Exchange Agreement ), under which (a) TMC Capital/POSR agreed to assign to Valkor all of their respective rights
and interests in the TMC Mineral Lease, the Short-Term Mining Lease, and the Temple Mountain SITLA Leases, and (b) Valkor agreed to assign
to TMC Capital all of its rights and interests in the following Utah state mineral leases located in the Asphalt Ridge Northwest area
of Uintah County, Utah (the Asphalt Ridge NW Leases ): 

(a) Utah State Mineral Lease for Bituminous-Asphaltic
Sands dated as of September 1, 2018 (Mineral Lease No. 53831), executed between the State of Utah, acting by and through the School and
Institutional Trust Lands Administration SITLA ), as lessor, and Indago Oil and Gas, Inc., as lessee, covering approximately
640 acres; 

(b) Utah State Mineral Lease for Bituminous-Asphaltic
Sands dated as of September 1, 2018 (Mineral Lease No. 53832), executed between the State of Utah, acting by and through SITLA, as lessor,
and Indago Oil and Gas, Inc., as lessee, covering approximately 898.22 acres; and 

(c) Utah State Mineral Lease for Bituminous-Asphaltic
Sands dated as of June 1, 2018 (Mineral Lease No. 53805), executed between the State of Utah, acting by and through SITLA, as lessor,
and Indago Oil and Gas, Inc., as lessee, covering approximately 1,920 acres. 

The Asphalt Ridge NW Leases cover or encompass
approximately 3,458.22 acres, lands that are located in an area referred to as Asphalt Ridge Northwest and in close proximity
to mineral leases held by Greenfield. Valkor acquired the Asphalt Ridge NW Leases under an Assignment of Oil and Gas Leases dated June
29, 2021 executed between Indago Oil and Gas Inc., as assignor, and Valkor Energy Holdings, LLC, as assignee, which was approved by SITLA
on or about September 10, 2021. 

Under the terms of the Exchange Agreement, Valkor
has executed an assignment to TMC Capital of the record lease title and all of the operating rights (working interests) under the Asphalt
Ridge NW Leases, and TMC Capital has in turn executed assignments transferring to Valkor all of TMC s rights and interests in the
Asphalt Ridge and SITLA Leases located in the Temple Mountain area. However, the reciprocal assignment of the SITLA Leases under the Exchange
Agreement, including the assignment of the Asphalt Ridge NW Leases to TMC Capital, will not constitute final and completed transactions
until the assignments have been reviewed and approved by SITLA. 

9 

Following the execution of the Exchange Agreement
in October 2021, TMC Capital and Valkor also entered into the following agreements: 

(1) Under an Agreement Governing Assignment of
Participation Rights in Mineral Leases, Valkor granted to TMC Capital the right to participate at up to a 50 interest in any future exploration
or production operations conducted by Valkor under the Short-Term Mining Lease. 

(2) Under an Agreement Governing Assignment of
Operating Rights (SITLA Leases), TMC Capital assigned to Valkor all of the operating rights under the Asphalt Ridge NW Leases at depths
of 500 feet or more below the surface, with TMC Capital reserving the right to participate at up to a 50 working interest in any exploratory
or production operation conducted by Valkor at the deeper intervals. The assignment of the deeper operating rights to Valkor, subject
to TMC Capital s participation rights, is also subject to approval by SITLA. 

The Exchange Agreement and the reciprocal assignment
of mineral leases between and among TMC, POSR and Valkor will not affect the ownership of the Asphalt Ridge Plant, which will continue
to be owned by Petroteq through POSR. 

The recent transactions under the Exchange Agreement,
including Valkor s assignment of lease record title and operating rights to TMC Capital in the Asphalt Ridge NW Leases, will expand
Petroteq s oil sands resources in Utah and provide Petroteq with the following additional advantages and benefits: 

Based on data obtained to date, we estimate that
the oil content or saturation rate for the oil sands deposits existing within the lands covered by the Asphalt Ridge NW Leases at approximately
12 by weight. In contract, the oil saturation rate in the oil sands resources under the TMC Mineral Lease and the Short-Term Mining Lease
in the Temple Mountain area of Asphalt Ridge has an average oil content or saturation rate of approximately 6 by weight. The difference
in oil content or saturation in the oil sands deposits contained within the Asphalt Ridge NW Leases is substantial and should significantly
improve the economics of our mining and processing operations as we go forward; 

The Asphalt Ridge NW Leases contain an oil sands
deposit that is contiguous within a single contained area, which will allow for greater efficiencies in our mining and transport operations.
In contrast, the oil deposits contained within the original TMC Mineral Lease are contained in separate blocks running along a trend of
approximately eight miles and the Temple Mountain SITLA Leases are completely undeveloped with limited exploration; 

The Asphalt Ridge NW Leases contain substantial
oil sands resources in outcroppings located near the surface (with less overburden), creating new and better surface mining prospects
for Petroteq and its operating subsidiaries. 

Asphalt Ridge NW (SITLA) Leases 

The Asphalt Ridge NW Leases acquired by TMC Capital
under the Exchange Agreement are Utah state bituminous mineral leases having a primary term of ten (10) years and an extended term thereafter
for as long as (a) oil and hydrocarbon products extracted from oil sands are produced in paying quantities, or (b) the mineral lessee
is otherwise engaged in diligent operations, exploration or development activity and certain other conditions are satisfied. Generally,
the term of the Asphalt Ridge NW Leases may not be extended beyond the twentieth year of their effective dates except by production in
paying quantities. An annual minimum royalty or rental of 10 an acre must be paid during the first ten years of the leases; from and
after the 11th year of the leases, the annual minimum royalty may be adjusted by the lessor based on certain readjustment 
provisions in the leases. 

During the development of the Exchange Agreement
that resulted in Valkor s transfer of the Asphalt Ridge NW Leases to TMC Capital, Petroteq obtained a preliminary resource evaluation
report from an independent engineering firm estimating approximately 85-90 million barrels of oil in place within the oil sands deposits
located within the leases. 

10 

The BLM Leases 

In April 2019, TMC acquired an undivided 50 of
the operating rights under the BLM Leases, consisting of the right to explore for and produce oil from oil sands formations and deposits
from the surface down to a subsurface depth of 1,000 feet. The operating rights assigned and transferred to TMC under certain of the BLM
Leases also grant to TMC the right, subject to similar depth limitation, to explore for and produce oil and gas from conventional sources.
Each of the BLM Leases includes lands that are located within a Special Tar Sands Area or STSA , a geographic
area that has been designated by the (U.S.) Department of Interior as containing substantial deposits of oil sands. 

The BLM Leases were originally issued by BLM under
the Mineral Leasing Act of 1920 (the MLA ). However, because the definition of oil in the MLA prior to 1981
did not include oil produced from oil sands, the BLM Leases (and all other federal onshore mineral leases issued prior to 1981) did not
authorize the development and recovery of oil from oil sands, tar sands and bitumen-impregnated rocks and sediments. The Combined Hydrocarbon
Leasing Act of 1981 CHL Act expanded the definition of oil to include oil produced from oil sands and bitumen
deposits and authorized the issuance of new combined hydrocarbon leases or CHLs that permit exploration and
production of oil and gas from both conventional sources and from oil sands deposits. 

For federal onshore mineral leases that were in
effect on November 16, 1981 (the CHL Act s enactment date) and included lands located within an STSA, the CHL Act granted to lessees
the right to convert such leases to new CHLs. Upon issuance by BLM, each CHL will constitute a new lease that will remain in effect for
a primary term of ten (10) years and thereafter for as long as oil or gas is produced in paying quantities. 

Each of the BLM Leases has been included in an
application to BLM requesting their conversion to new CHLs. During the pendency of such applications, the term (and any operations) of
the BLM Leases are in suspension status under BLM regulations until the new CHLs are issued. 

SUMMARY OF PRODUCTION ROYALTIES 

Technology Transfer Agreement 

Pursuant to the terms of a technology transfer
agreement dated November 7, 2011 that we entered into with Vladimir Podlipsky, the developer of Petroteq s Clean Oil Recovery Technology,
we are obligated to pay Mr. Podlipsky a royalty on production from each processing plant that we own or operate that uses the technology,
starting with the construction and operation of a second plant. The royalty, if and at such time as it becomes payable, will consist of
2 of gross sales if the price of heavy oil is below 60 per barrel; 3 of gross sales if the price of heavy oil is between 60 and 69.99
per barrel; 3.5 of gross sales if the price of heavy oil is between 70 and 79.99; and 4 of gross sales if the price of heavy oil is
greater than 80 per barrel. 

TMC Mineral Lease 

Under the TMC Mineral Lease, TMC Capital held
100 of the working interests (subject to a 1.6 overriding royalty previously granted to Temple Mountain Energy, Inc.), with production
royalties under a sliding scale starting at 8 of the gross proceeds derived from the sale or disposition of oil (including bitumen) and
other hydrocarbon products produced from oil deposits within the lease. 

In addition, TMC was required to make certain
advance royalty payments to the lessor. During the period from July 1, 2018 to June 30, 2020, the minimum payments were 100,000 per quarter.
The minimum payments were to increase to 150,000 per quarter beginning July 1, 2020. The TMC Mineral Lease was terminated in August 2020
and replaced with the Short-Term Mining Lease issued to Valkor and the TMC Mineral Sublease between Valkor and TMC Capital. 

Production royalties payable under the TMC Mineral Sublease are 8 
of the gross sales revenue, subject to certain adjustments. 

Asphalt Ridge NW (SITLA) Leases 

Under the terms of the Asphalt Ridge NW Leases,
TMC Capital will be required to pay: (i) an annual rent equal to the greater of 1 an acre or a fixed sum of 500 (without regard to acreage);
and (ii) a production royalty of 8 of the market price received for oil and hydrocarbon products produced from the leases at the point
of first sale, less reasonable actual costs of transportation to the point of first sale. After the tenth year of the leases, SITLA (the
lessor) may increase the royalty rate by as much as one percent (1 per year up to a maximum of 12.5 , subject to a proviso that production
royalties under the leases shall never be less than 3.00/bbl during the term of the leases. 

11 

BLM Leases 

Under the BLM Leases, production royalties are
governed by BLM regulations and are payable to the U.S. Department of Interior at the rate of 12.5 of the amount or value of the production
removed and sold. The interests acquired by TMC under the BLM Leases are also subject to a 6.25 overriding royalty reserved by predecessors-in-title. 

PERMITS AND TAXES 

On September 15, 2008, a large mining permit was
granted to TME Asphalt Ridge, LLC by the State of Utah Division of Oil, Gas, and Mining UDOGM for the mining and development
of the Asphalt Ridge Mine #1, an open pit mine located on lands included within the TMC Mineral Lease. 

On or about July 9, 2015, UDOGM approved an application
filed by TMC Capital to transfer the Notice of Intention to Commence Large Mining Operations for the Asphalt Ridge Mine
#1 (Permit # M/047/0089) from TME Asphalt Ridge LLC to TMC Capital. On October 27, 2017, UDOGM granted final approval to TMC Capital s
 Amended Notice of Intention to Commence Large Mining Operations and issued final Permit # M/047/0089 authorizing TMC Capital
to conduct operations at Asphalt Ridge Mine #1. 

Mining operations, including the initial development
of the mine at the property and removal of a portion of the overburden soil layer, have already been performed. In addition to the mining
permits, all environmental, construction, utility and other local permits necessary for the construction of the Asphalt Ridge Plant and
processing oil sands ores and sediments have been granted to Petroteq s operating subsidiaries. 

Specifically, a Groundwater Discharge Permit was
issued by the Utah Department of Environmental Quality (Division of Water Quality, Water Quality Board) UDEQ ), on July
26, 2016 (expiration on July 27, 2021), covering disposal of tailings from ore sands produced from the land area encompassed by the Asphalt
Ridge Mine #1. This permit, required by Utah law even though our processing facility does not use a water-based process, authorizes a
return of residual sand tailings to the mine for backfill and capping. A Small Source Registration air permit was issued by UDEQ by a
letter dated November 2, 2018. The letter confirms that the Asphalt Ridge Plant is exempt from any requirement of additional air quality
permits since the facility produces less emissions than the level that would require a special air permit. A Conditional Use Permit CUP was issued by the Uintah County (Utah) Commission to us on January 29, 2018, for the operation of the Plant. The CUP is a right/interest
in land under Utah law and will continue in effect in perpetuity. 

The oil and gas properties (including plants,
equipment etc.) included in our private mineral leases are subject to the State of Utah s property (ad valorem) tax. The actual
tax rate is established by each county in the State (and therefore may vary) and is generally assessed against the fair market
value of the property. Under Utah Code 59-2-1103, the oil and gas properties included in the SITLA Leases are exempt from
the State s property (ad valorem) tax (although this exemption does not apply to improvements on state lands). 

Under Utah Code 59-5-120, beginning January
1, 2006 and ending June 30, 2026, no severance (production) tax will be imposed on oil and gas produced from oil sands (tar sands). Accordingly,
severance tax will not be owed to the State of Utah on the production of oil and hydrocarbon substances from the TMC Mineral Sublease
or our SITLA Leases until after June 30, 2026. 

PETROTEQ S PROPRIETARY EXTRACTION TECHNOLOGY 

Petroteq intends to continue to develop its business
and operations by (a) producing and marketing crude oil and hydrocarbon products (and sand byproduct) from oil sands resources under its
mineral leases, or that may be acquired from third parties, through the use of Petroteq s Clean Oil Recovery Technology, and (b)
marketing its proprietary technology through licenses and other co-venture arrangements with third parties. The centerpiece of our proprietary
technology consists of a patented closed loop, continuous flow, scalable and environmentally safe extraction technology and involves a
process that can extract crude oil (primarily bitumen and heavy oil) and other hydrocarbon products from a wide range of oil sands deposits
and other hydrocarbon sediment types. Petroteq s oil extraction process takes place in a completely closed loop system that continuously
recirculates and recycles the solvent after it has separated the bitumen and heavy oils from the oil sands. The closed loop system is
capable of recovering up to 99 of all hydrocarbons from the oil sands. The only two end products that are produced through our proprietary
extraction are high quality heavy oil and clean sand, making this technology environmentally benign. 

12 

Petroteq s Clean Oil Recovery Technology,
which has been modified since 2015, utilizes no water in the process, is anticipated to produce minimal greenhouse gases, and is expected
to extract up to 99 of all hydrocarbon content and recycle up to 95 of the solvents. The proprietary solvent composition used in the
process is expected to dissolve up to 99 of heavy bitumen/asphalt and other lighter hydrocarbons from the oil sands and prevent their
precipitation during the extraction process. Solvents used in this composition form an azeotropic mixture which has a low boiling point
of 50 65 C (degrees Celsius) and it is expected to allow recycling of over 95 of the solvent. 

In the oil extraction and upgrade process utilized
at the Asphalt Ridge Plant, the bitumen crude oil that is extracted from mined oil sands has an average API gravity of 9-12 degrees. 

No diluents or blending agents are used to reduce
the viscosity of the heavy oil extracted from bitumen saturated ores. Instead, varying amounts of solvent are introduced into an extraction
tank containing raw oil sands ore that has been crushed prior to being added to the extraction tank. The solvent is designed to release
the crude oil from bitumen-saturated ore during the initial extraction process. 

The crude oil containing solvent is then introduced
or subjected to a simple flash distillation process where virtually all of the solvent is recovered and recycled for future use. 

Our oil extraction process, developed and used
in the Asphalt Ridge Plant during its pilot phase, has a Feed/Bottoms heat exchanger, a Solvent Vaporizer (heat exchanger), a Solvent
Scrubber (vessel), air-cooled condensers, an air-cooled product cooler, a Bitumen Product Pump, and an oil heater plus a propane tank
as the energy source. The bitumen/solvent slurry is routed via a pump to the Feed/Bottoms Exchanger where it is pre-heated both to cool
the exiting product as well as to integrate the heat available from the flash distillation process. This pre-heated slurry is then heated
in the Solvent Vaporizer to approximately 405 F to vaporize essentially all of the solvent from the bitumen product. This two-phase
stream is then flashed across a control valve and routed to the Solvent Scrubber where the gaseous solvent stream exits the vessel and
is routed to air-cooled condensers where it will be liquified and returned to the storage vessel to be re-used. The resultant hot bitumen
is pumped through the Feed/Bottoms exchanger via the Bitumen Product Pump and cooled prior to entering an air-cooled exchanger where it
is cooled to 180 F, the temperature at which the product is stored. If it is desired that solvent be left in the bitumen for transportation
purposes, the temperature of that back end flash distillation process can be controlled. 

Petroteq has received patents in the United States,
Canada and Russia that protect the claims and processes embodied in its Clean Oil Recovery Technology. See Intellectual Property 
below. 

INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY 

On March 27, 2013, Petroteq entered into an intellectual
property license agreement in a private arm s length transaction with TS Energy Ltd, a Canadian company, which has agreed to act
as the sole and exclusive licensee of our Clean Oil Recovery Technology within Canada and the Republic of Trinidad and Tobago. 

On July 2, 2019, Petroteq entered into an intellectual
property license agreement with Valkor LLC, a company based in Katy, Texas, for the non-exclusive, non-transferable use of Petroteq s
Clean Oil Recovery Technology on a worldwide basis (subject to any exclusive license agreements in effect) in the engineering, construction
and operation of oil sands plants. The agreement requires Valkor to invest (or secure investment of) a minimum of 20 million towards
the construction of an oil sands plant by December 2020, and to have in production a minimum of 1,000 barrels per day. The agreement also
requires Valkor to pay a one-time non-refundable license fee of 2 million per oil sands plant commissioned, with 50 payable upon start
of construction and the remainder payable upon first production. The agreement further provides that Valkor will pay a five percent (5 royalty based on annual gross sales for so long as the licensed technology is covered by a valid claim in the country in which it is used. 

13 

We rely upon patents to protect our intellectual
property. We have obtained patents in the United States, Canada and Russia that protect our Clean Oil Recovery Technology. The following
sets forth details of our issued patents. 

DOCKET 
 
 TITLE 
 
 COUNTRY 

DATE FILED 
 SERIAL NO. 

DATE ISSUED 
 PATENT NO./STATUS 
 
 1492.2 
 
 Oil From Oil Sands 
Extraction Process 
 
 USA 
 
 09/26/12 
13/627,518 
----------------------- 
10/07/11 
61/545,034 
 
 02/06/18 
9,884,997 
Expires: 10/07/31 

Summary: A system for extracting bitumen from
oil sands includes an extractor tank which incorporates a plurality of jet injectors. Operationally, the jet injectors provide jet streams
of an extractant in the extractor tank that creates a fluidized bed of the extractant. A reaction between crushed oil sands and the fluidized
bed then separates bitumen from the oil sands. 

Corresponding Foreign Patent Properties 

DOCKET 
 
 TITLE 
 
 COUNTRY 

DATE FILED 
 SERIAL NO. 

DATE ISSUED 
 PATENT NO./STATUS 
 
 11492.2a 
 
 Oil Extraction Process 
 
 Canada 
 
 09/30/11 2,754,355 
 
 Received Notice of Allowance; patent payment submitted to Commission of Patents 

11492.2d 
 
 Oil From Oil Sands Extraction Process 
 
 Russia 
 
 04/28/14 2014117162 
 
 12/20/15 2571827 Expires: 09/27/2032 

THE OIL SANDS MARKET 

As an unconventional hydrocarbon resource, oil
sands hold hundreds of billions of barrels of oil on a worldwide basis. Although Canada is the only country that is currently extracting
large quantities of oil from its oil sands deposits, the United States also has large oil sands resources that can be developed. In a
2007 Report entitled A Technical, Economic, and Legal Assessment of North American Oil Shale, Oil Sands, and Heavy Oil Resources
In Response to Energy Policy Act of 2005 Section 369(p) (September 2007), prepared by the Utah Heavy Oil Program, Institute For
Clean and Secure Energy and The University of Utah for the U.S. Department of Energy (the 2007 Report ), the authors reported
the following estimates, which estimates were based upon source material published in 1979, 1987 and 1993: 

The United States has an estimated 76 billion barrels of oil-in-place OIP (OIP are not estimates of reserves or recoverable resources) from bitumen and heavy oil contained in oil sands resources; 

In the United States, Utah is known to have the largest oil sands deposits, with total resource estimates ranging from 23 to 32 billion barrels of OIP from bitumen and heavy oil contained in oil sands formations and deposits; and 

Within the state of Utah, the region that has experienced the most oil sands development, both in terms of existing oil production and supporting infrastructure, is the Asphalt Ridge area located on the northern edge of the Uintah Basin in eastern Utah. In the 2007 Report, it is estimated that about one (1) billion barrels of OIP exist in the form of bitumen and heavy oil contained in oil sands formations and deposits in the Asphalt Ridge area. 

14 

From our own investigation of the oil sands deposits
in the Asphalt Ridge area of Utah, we believe that a substantial part of the oil sands deposits in this area are accessible through outcroppings
or in shallow depths with limited or no overburden. In our view, the location and accessibility of oil sands deposits in Asphalt Ridge
create an opportunity for commercial development, supported by positive economics, using surface mining techniques and our extraction
technology. 

The worldwide growing demand for heavy crude oil
and the recent decline in heavy crude oil production in countries such as Venezuela makes the high quality, low Sulphur, heavy oil found
in oil sands deposits in the United States a valuable resource that has been underdeveloped to date. The development of tight shale 
oil plays in the United States has produced significant quantities of light, sweet crude oil reserves, but heavy oil development in the
United States has lagged. To date, oil sands development has been limited by the absence of a viable technology that can extract heavy
oil and bitumen from the oil sands deposits in an economical and environmentally responsible manner. To that end, Petroteq has developed
and patented an extraction technology that aims to develop oil sands reserves in an economical and environmentally responsible manner.
Petroteq is currently expanding its commercial oil sands extraction operations in the Asphalt Ridge area, utilizing a process that is
economical, environmentally benign and produces high quality heavy oil. 

We have tested our Clean Oil Recovery Technology
from oil sands sourced from both the Asphalt Ridge area of Utah and from different parts of the world that have different hydrocarbon
chemical compositions. To date, we have conducted tests with oil sands from Russia, China, Indonesia and the Middle East. Our tests with
Russian oil sands, which were the only tests of our Extraction Technology with oil sands from different parts of the world that were conducted
by third parties, were conducted in Ufa, Bashkorkostan (Russia) by a third party (KVADRA) retained by us to perform the tests using a
multi-ton pilot plant, used the local oil sands ore with oil saturation in a range of 7-10 , and resulted in industrial quantities of
heavy oil. From the tests conducted in Ufa, an average of 70 metric tons of raw oil sands material were processed per day resulting in
5,475 kg of heavy asphaltenic oil per day. Other tests, consisting of oil sands samples from China, Indonesia and Jordan, were conducted
internally at Petroteq s laboratory in San Diego using lab bench testing with our own solvent blend that produced approximately
one to two pound quantities. By introducing the solvent mixture to crushed and treated ore containing bitumen oil, the oil was separated
by recycling the solvent with a laboratory-scale rotor vacuum evaporator. Sand tailings were separated by centrifuge and dried under the
vacuum. 

Through our testing of oil sands sourced from different countries,
we found that the efficiency and consistency of Petroteq s extraction technology are not affected by differences in the chemical
composition of the oil/bitumen in the oil sands. Despite relatively significant differences in oil/bitumen chemistry, both the efficiency
and consistency of our extraction technology remained intact, resulting in an oil recovery efficiency that in each test exceeded 99 .
We believe that this testing demonstrates that the Extraction Process is universal in its application and does not depend on the material
source or the hydrocarbon content or fingerprint. 

REGULATION 

Exploration and production operations are subject
to various types of regulation at the federal, state and local levels. This regulation includes requiring permits to drill wells, maintaining
bonding requirements to drill or operate wells, and regulating the location of wells, the method of drilling and casing wells, the surface
use and restoration of properties on which wells are drilled, and the plugging and abandoning of wells. Full mining permits have been
granted to POR from the State of Utah Division of Oil, Gas, and Mining for the mining and development of the Asphalt Ridge Mine #1 located
in the Asphalt Ridge area of Utah. In addition to the mining permits, all environmental, construction, utility and other local permits
necessary for the construction of the plant and the processing of the oil sands have been granted to POR. Our operations are also subject
to various conservation laws and regulations. 

Typically, oil enhancements such as hydraulic
fracturing operations are overseen by state regulators as part of their oil and gas regulatory programs; however, the (U.S.) Environmental
Protection Agency EPA has asserted federal regulatory authority over certain hydraulic fracturing activities involving
diesel under the Safe Drinking Water Act and has released draft permitting guidance for hydraulic fracturing activities that use diesel
in fracturing fluids in those states where EPA is the permitting authority. As a result, we may be subject to additional permitting requirements
for our operations. These permitting requirements and restrictions could result in delays in operations at well sites as well as increased
costs to make wells productive. In addition, legislation introduced in Congress provides for federal regulation of hydraulic fracturing
under the Safe Drinking Water Act and requires the public disclosure of certain information regarding the chemical makeup of hydraulic
fracturing fluids. Moreover, on November 23, 2011, the EPA announced that it was granting in part a petition to initiate a rulemaking
under the Toxic Substances Control Act, relating to chemical substances and mixtures used in oil and gas exploration and production. Further,
on May 4, 2012, the BLM issued a proposed rule to regulate hydraulic fracturing on public and Indian land. 

15 

On August 16, 2012, the EPA published final rules
that establish new air emission control requirements for natural gas and NGL production, processing and transportation activities, including
New Source Performance Standards to address emissions of sulphur dioxide and volatile organic compounds, and National Emission Standards
for Hazardous Air Pollutants (NESHAP) to address hazardous air pollutants frequently associated with gas production and processing activities.
Among other things, these final rules require the reduction of volatile organic compound emissions from natural gas wells through the
use of reduced emission completions or green completions on all hydraulically fractured wells constructed or refractured
after January 1, 2015. In addition, gas wells are required to use completion combustion device equipment (e.g., flaring) by October 15,
2012 if emissions cannot be directed to a gathering line. Further, the final rules under NESHAP include maximum achievable control technology
(MACT) standards for small glycol dehydrators that are located at major sources of hazardous air pollutants and modifications
to the leak detection standards for valves. Compliance with these requirements, especially the imposition of these green completion requirements,
may require modifications to certain of our operations, including the installation of new equipment to control emissions at the well site
that could result in significant costs, including increased capital expenditures and operating costs, and could adversely impact our business. 

In addition to these federal legislative and regulatory
proposals, some states such as Pennsylvania, West Virginia, Texas, Kansas, Louisiana and Montana, and certain local governments have adopted,
and others are considering adopting, regulations that could restrict hydraulic fracturing in certain circumstances, including requirements
regarding chemical disclosure, casing and cementing of wells, withdrawal of water for use in high-volume hydraulic fracturing of horizontal
wells, baseline testing of nearby water wells, and restrictions on the type of additives that may be used in hydraulic fracturing operations.
For example, the Railroad Commission of Texas adopted rules in December 2011 requiring disclosure of certain information regarding the
components used in the hydraulic fracturing process. In addition, Pennsylvania s Act 13 of 2012 became law on February 14, 2012
and amended the state s Oil and Gas Act to impose an impact fee for drilling, increase setbacks from certain water sources, require
water management plans, increase civil penalties, strengthen the Pennsylvania Department of Environmental Protection s (PaDEP) authority
over the issuance of drilling permits, and require the disclosure of chemical information regarding the components in hydraulic fracturing
fluids. 

We believe that the technologies we use are cleaner
and environmentally friendlier than the known fracking or tar sand technologies. Regulatory and social resistance sometimes prohibits
fracking recovery methods in some states. 

OSHA and Other Laws and Regulations. 

We are subject to the requirements of the federal
Occupational Safety and Health Act (OSHA), and comparable state laws. The OSHA hazard communication standard, the EPA community right-to-know
regulations under the Title III of CERCLA and similar state laws require that we organize and/or disclose information about hazardous
materials used or produced in our operations. Also, pursuant to OSHA, the Occupational Safety and Health Administration has established
a variety of standards related to workplace exposure to hazardous substances and employee health and safety. 

Oil Pollution Act. 

The Federal Oil Pollution Act of 1990 OPA and resulting regulations impose a variety of obligations on responsible parties related to the prevention of oil spills and liability
for damages resulting from such spills in waters of the United States. The term waters of the United States has been broadly
defined to include inland water bodies, including wetlands and intermittent streams. The OPA assigns joint and several strict liability
to each responsible party for oil removal costs and a variety of public and private damages. We believe that we are in compliance with
the OPA and the federal regulations promulgated thereunder in the conduct of our operations. 

Clean Water Act . 

The Federal Water Pollution Control Act (Clean
Water Act) and resulting regulations, which are primarily implemented through a system of permits, also govern the discharge of certain
contaminants into waters of the United States. Sanctions for failure to comply strictly with the Clean Water Act are generally resolved
by payment of fines and correction of any identified deficiencies. However, regulatory agencies could require us to cease construction
or operation of certain facilities or to cease hauling wastewaters to facilities owned by others that are the source of water discharges.
We believe that we substantially comply with the Clean Water Act and related federal and state regulations. 

16 

COMPETITION 

Competition in the oil industry is intense. We
compete with other companies seeking to acquire sub economic oil fields, many with substantial financial and other resources. We will
also compete with technologies such as gas injection, polymer flooding, microbial injection and thermal methods. As a new technology,
we also compete with many of the other technologies that have been proven to be economically successful in enhancing oil production in
the United States. As a result of this competition, we may be unable to attract the necessary funding or qualified personnel. If we are
unable to successfully compete for funding or for qualified personnel, our activities may be slowed, suspended or terminated, any of which
would have a material adverse effect on our ability to continue operations. However due to the innovative nature of our technology and
the ecological benefit it provides, while remaining economically efficient, we believe that competition will not be a significant impediment
to our operations or expansion. 

IMPLICATIONS OF BEING AN EMERGING GROWTH COMPANY 

We are an emerging growth company, 
as defined in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 (the JOBS Act ), and therefore we intend to take advantage
of certain exemptions from various public company reporting requirements, including not being required to have our internal controls over
financial reporting audited by our independent registered public accounting firm pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
2002 (the Sarbanes-Oxley Act even if we cease to be a smaller reporting company with annual revenues of less than 100
million, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements and exemptions from
the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and any golden parachute payments. We may take advantage
of these exemptions until we are no longer an emerging growth company. In addition, the JOBS Act provides that an emerging
growth company can delay adopting new or revised accounting standards until such time as those standards apply to private companies.
We have elected to use the extended transition period for complying with new or revised accounting standards under the JOBS Act. This
election allows us to delay the adoption of new or revised accounting standards that have different effective dates for public and private
companies until those standards apply to private companies. As a result of this election, our financial statements may not be comparable
to companies that comply with public company effective dates. 

We will remain an emerging growth company 
until the earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year: (a) following the fifth anniversary of the date of the first sale of our common
shares pursuant to an effective registration statement filed under the Securities Act; (b) in which we have total annual gross revenue
of at least 1.07 billion; or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which generally means the market value of our
common shares that is held by non-affiliates exceeded 700.0 million as of the last business day of our most recently completed second
fiscal quarter, and (2) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt during the prior three-year period.
References herein to emerging growth company have the meaning associated with that term in the JOBS Act. 

ENFORCEABILITY OF CIVIL LIABILITIES 

We are a company incorporated in Ontario, Canada.
Certain of our directors and officers named in this registration statement reside outside the U.S. In addition, some of our assets and
the assets of our directors and officers are located outside of the United States. As a result, it may be difficult for investors who
reside in the United States to effect service of process upon these persons in the United States. You may also have difficulty enforcing,
both in and outside the United States, judgments you may obtain in U.S. courts against us or these persons in any action, including actions
based upon the civil liability provisions of U.S. federal or state securities laws. 

Furthermore, there is substantial doubt whether
an action could be brought in Canada in the first instance predicated solely upon U.S. federal securities laws. Canadian courts may refuse
to hear a claim based on an alleged violation of U.S. securities laws against us or these persons on the grounds that Canada is not the
most appropriate forum in which to bring such a claim. Even if a Canadian court agrees to hear a claim, it may determine that Canadian
law and not U.S. law is applicable to the claim. If U.S. law is found to be applicable, the content of applicable U.S. law must be proved
as a fact, which can be a time-consuming and costly process. Certain matters of procedure will also be governed by Canadian law. 

17 

History and Development of the Company 

We were incorporated as AXEA Capital Corp. 
on January 4, 2008 pursuant to the Business Corporations Act (British Columbia). On October 15, 2012, MCW Energy Group
Limited MCW NB ), a corporation incorporated in the Province of New Brunswick, completed a reverse acquisition of AXEA Capital
Corp. (the RTO and as a result MCW NB became a wholly owned subsidiary of AXEA Capital Corp. which also changed its name
from AXEA Capital Corp. to MCW Enterprises Ltd. Pursuant to articles of continuance filed on December 7, 2012,
MCW NB changed its jurisdiction of governance by continuing from the Province of New Brunswick into the Province of Ontario. Pursuant
to articles of continuance filed on December 12, 2012, MCW Enterprises Ltd. changed its jurisdiction of governance by continuing from
the Province of British Columbia into the Province of Ontario and changed its name to MCW Enterprises Continuance Ltd. Pursuant to a certificate
of amalgamation dated December 12, 2012, MCW Enterprises Continuance Ltd. and MCW NB amalgamated in the Province of Ontario and continued
under the name MCW Energy Group Limited . 

We are governed by the Business Corporations
Act (Ontario) and our registered office is located at Suite 6000, 1 First Canadian Place, PO Box 367, 100 King Street West, Toronto,
Ontario M5X 1E2, Canada. Our executive office is located at 15315 W. Magnolia Blvd., Suite 120, Sherman Oaks, California 91403. Our telephone
number is (866) 571-9613. 

Our common shares are listed on the TSX Venture
Exchange (the TSXV under the trading symbol PQE but currently suspended from trading, the Frankfurt Exchange
under the trading symbol PQCF.F and on the OTC Pink under the trading symbol PQEFF . 

Pursuant to articles of amendment filed on May
5, 2017, we changed our name from MCW Energy Group Limited to Petroteq Energy Inc. and we changed our TSXV
trading symbol from MCW to PQE. On June 2, 2017, our OTCQX trading symbol was changed from MCW to PQEFF. Since March 15, 2018, our stock
has traded on the OTC Pink market when it no longer traded on the OTCQX International Market. 

On May 5, 2017, we effected a share consolidation
(reverse stock split) on a 1-for-30 basis. Unless otherwise included, all shares amounts and per share amounts in this registration statement
have been prepared on a pro forma basis to reflect the 1-for-30 reverse stock split of our outstanding common shares. On November 23,
2018, our shareholders approved a resolution authorizing our Board of Directors to consolidate our shares on a basis of up to ten for
one. No consolidation has been effected to date. 

We determined that the Company ceased to qualify
as a foreign private issuer (as defined in Rule 405 under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Rule 3b-4 under the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended) as of February 28, 2019 (being the last business day of the second fiscal quarter of the fiscal year ended August
31, 2019), and therefore ceased to be eligible to rely on the rules and forms available to foreign private issuers on August 31, 2019. 

Additional information related to our company
may be found on our website at www.petroteq.energy. Information contained in our website does not form part of the registration
statement and is intended for informational purposes only. 

18 

RECENT DEVELOPMENTS 

Suspension of trading on the TSX Venture Exchange TSXV 

The Company is under a cease trade order invoked by the TSXV on August
6, 2021. 

The Company
filed the 2021 Q3 Filings on SEDAR and with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC on August
19, 2021. In addition, on August 19, 2021, the Company s amended financial statements and management s discussion and analysis
 for the eight quarters from May 31, 2019 to February 28, 2021 were filed on SEDAR and with the SEC, as contained in the Company s
amended annual reports on Form 10-K/A for the financial years ended August 31, 2019 and August 31, 2020, and in the Company s amended
quarterly reports on Form 10-Q/A for the periods ended May 31, 2019, November 30, 2019, February 29, 2020, May 31, 2020, November 30,
2020 and February 28, 2021. The Company s amended financial statements and management discussion and analysis for the period ended
February 28, 2019 were filed on SEDAR on August 23, 2021, and with the SEC on August 25, 2021, as exhibits to the Company s current
report on Form 8-K. 

As a result of the issuance of the TSXV Cease
Trade Order CTO on August 6, 2021, the Exchange suspended trading of the Company s Common Shares. As part of the
Exchange s review of the Company s reinstatement application, the Exchange reviewed the Company s financial statements
for the three and nine months ended May 31, 2021 and raised concerns over unapproved filings. As a result of an internal investigation
the Company identified several transactions Transactions reported in SEDAR Canada and EDGAR United
States that had not been submitted for approval by the Toronto Stock Exchange. 

Based on the Company s initial review of
the Transactions, it is estimated that a total of 54,370,814 Common Shares were issued as a result of the Transactions. While some
of the issued Common Shares, namely, 4,336,972, are estimated to have been issued at prices above what the Exchange would have otherwise
approved, 50,033,842 are estimated to have been issued at share prices below what the Exchange generally approves for convertible
securities. While the Company is now making the necessary submissions to the Exchange for the Transactions, they may not all be accepted
for approval by the Exchange and as a condition to reinstatement of trading on the Exchange the Company may need to take remedial action
to ensure that Transactions are in compliance with the Exchange. 

The net proceeds of the
Transactions that resulted in new funds to the Company were used for expansion of the Company s oil sands processing plant in Utah
and for working capital. 

The Company continues to work with the Exchange
on a reinstatement of trading and will update the market as developments warrant. However, the Exchange has indicated that these matters
and their review of the Transactions may take some time to resolve and that a reinstatement to trading is not expected in the near term. 

19 

Unsolicited takeover bid by Viston United Swiss
AG 

On October 27, 2021, 2869889 Ontario Inc., an indirect, wholly-owned
subsidiary of Viston United Swiss AG commenced a conditional, unsolicited takeover bid (the Offer to acquire all of the
issued and outstanding Common Shares of the Company. Viston filed a Tender Offer Statement with the SEC relating to the Offer on Schedule
TO under section 14(d)(1) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), on October 25, 2021, and
an amendment to the Tender Offer Statement on October 27, 2021. As set forth in the Solicitation/Recommendation Statement on Schedule
14D-9 under section 14(d)(4) of the Exchange Act filed with the SEC on November 9, 2021, shareholders were advised that the Board of Directors
was not yet in a position to make a recommendation to shareholders to accept or reject the Offer, and that the Company has retained Haywood
Securities Inc. as financial advisor to the Company and the Board of Directors. 

Exchange of mineral leases 

Under the terms of an agreement dated October
15, 2021 between Petroteq Oil Recovery, LLC and TMC Capital, LLC, two of the Company s U.S. subsidiaries, and Valkor Energy, LLC
(the Exchange Agreement ), Petroteq Oil and TMC Capital agreed to assign to Valkor all of their respective rights and interests
in the TMC Mineral Lease located near Temple Mountain in the Asphalt Ridge area of Uintah County, Utah, including interests under a sublease
to a Short-Term Mining Lease obtained by Valkor in August 2020, and in three Utah state oil sands leases that are contiguous to or in
close proximity to the lands encompassed by the TMC Mineral Lease. 

In a separate agreement, Valkor granted to provide
TMC Capital the right to participate, at up to a 50 working interest, in any future operations conducted by Valkor under the TMC Mineral
Lease or the Short-Term Mining Lease held by Valkor covering acreage formerly included in the TMC Mineral Lease, or on any of the lands
covered by either of the leases. 

To complete the exchange under the Exchange Agreement,
Valkor agreed to assign to TMC Capital all of its rights and interests in three Utah state oil sands leases located in Uintah County,
Utah, in an area referred to as Asphalt Ridge Northwest (the Asphalt Ridge NW Leases ), including the record lease
title and all of the operating rights (i.e. working interests) under the leases. 

In a separate agreement, TMC Capital agreed to
assign to Valkor the operating rights under the three Asphalt Ridge NW Leases at subsurface depths below 500 feet, with TMC Capital retaining
a right to participate, at up to a 50 working interest, in any operation conducted by Valkor at the deeper intervals. Under this
agreement, each party will have the right to participate, at up to a 50 joint ownership basis, in any new oil sands processing plant
constructed on lands covered by the Asphalt Ridge NW Leases. 

As of October 28, 2021, each of the agreements
and assignments required to consummate the reciprocal assignment of leases between the Company s subsidiaries and Valkor has been
executed and all of the transactions have been tentatively completed, subject to the approvals that must be obtained from the State of
Utah s School and Institutional Trust Lands Administration (SITLA). 

The exchange of mineral properties between the Company s subsidiaries
and Valkor - resulting in the Company s acquisition of record title and all interests under the Asphalt Ridge NW Leases - creates
substantial benefits and opportunities for the Company, including: 

(a) 
 The Asphalt Ridge NW leases contain an oil sands deposit that is contiguous within a single contained area. This will allow for greater efficiencies in mining and in ore transport operations. By contrast, the original TMC Mineral Lease in the Temple Mountain area of Asphalt Ridge encompasses three separate deposits running along a trend over about 8 miles, a structural outlay requiring substantial development and transport costs. 

(b) 
 Based on historical well data from deposits adjacent to and surrounding the Asphalt Ridge NW Leases, the oil content or saturation in the deposit of oil sands within the Asphalt Ridge NW Leases is expected to average in the range of 12 by weight. In contrast, the oil sands ores mined or produced from lands within the TMC Mineral Lease in the Temple Mountain area have an average oil content or saturation in the range of 6 by weight. The higher oil content in the oil sands deposit located within the Asphalt NW Leases should provide for better yields per ton of bulk oil sand processed and improved project economics for a 5,000 barrel per day commercial plant that is being considered by the Company in this area. 

(c) 
 Because a substantial part of the oil sands deposit within the Asphalt Ridge NW Leases is close to the surface and extends into various outcroppings, extraction and production may be conducted by surface mining where less overburden will need to be removed before initiating mining operations. 

20 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS. 

The following risks relate specifically to
our business and should be considered carefully. Our business, financial condition and results of operations could be harmed by any of
the following risks. As a result, the trading price of our common shares could decline and the holders could lose part or all of their
investment. 

We face business disruption and related
risks resulting from the recent outbreak of the novel coronavirus 2019 COVID-19 ), which could have a material adverse effect
on our business and results of operations. 

In an effort to contain and mitigate the spread
of COVID-19, many countries, including the United States and Canada, have imposed restrictions on travel, and there have been business
closures and a substantial reduction in economic activity in countries that have had significant outbreaks of COVID-19. The pandemic has
had a material adverse effect on our operations. 

Significant uncertainty remains as to the potential
impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our operations, and on the global economy as a whole. Government-imposed restrictions on travel and
other social-distancing measures such restrictions on assembly of groups of persons, have the potential to disrupt supply
chains for parts and sales channels for our products, and may result in labor shortages. 

It is currently not possible to predict how long
the pandemic will last or the time that it will take for economic activity to return to prior levels. We will continue to monitor the
COVID-19 situation closely, and intend to follow health and safety guidelines as they evolve. 

We expect the ultimate significance of the impact
of these disruptions, including the extent of their adverse impact on our financial and operational results, will be dictated by the length
of time that such disruptions continue, which will, in turn, depend on the currently unknowable duration of the COVID-19 pandemic and
the impact of governmental regulations that might be imposed in response. Our business could also be impacted should the disruptions from
COVID-19 lead to changes in commercial behavior. The COVID-19 impact on the capital markets could impact our cost of borrowing. There
are certain limitations on our ability to mitigate the adverse financial impact of these items, including the fixed costs of our operations.
COVID-19 also makes it more challenging for management to estimate future performance of our businesses, particularly over the near to
medium term. 

We have a limited operating history, and
may not be successful in developing profitable business operations. 

Our oil extraction segment has a limited operating
history. We have generated limited revenue from our oil sands mining and processing activities, and do not anticipate generating any significant
revenue from these activities until our Asphalt Ridge processing facility is fully operational. Even once we are fully operational, our
business operations must be considered in light of the risks, expenses and difficulties frequently encountered in establishing a business
in the oil extraction business. 

We have an insufficient history at this time on
which to base an assumption that our oil sands mining and processing operations will prove to be successful in the long-term. Our
future operating results will depend on many factors, including: 

our ability to raise adequate working capital; 

the success of our development and exploration; 

the demand for oil; 

the level of our competition; 

our ability to attract and maintain key management and employees; and 

our ability to efficiently explore, develop, produce or acquire sufficient quantities of marketable gas or oil in a highly competitive and speculative environment while maintaining quality and controlling costs. 

To achieve profitable operations in the future,
we must, alone or with others, successfully manage the factors stated above, as well as continue to develop ways to enhance or increase
the efficiency of our mining and processing operations that are being conducted in the Asphalt Ridge area in eastern Utah. Despite
our best efforts, we may not be successful in our exploration or development efforts or obtain the regulatory approvals required to conduct
our operations. 

21 

We have suffered operating losses since inception and we may
not be able to achieve profitability. 

At August 31, 2021, August 31, 2020 and August
31, 2019, we had an accumulated deficit of (100,138,592), (90,664,349), and (78,285,282), respectively and we expect to continue to
incur increasing expenses in the foreseeable future as we develop our oil extraction business. We incurred a net loss of (9,474,243)
and 12,379,067) for the years ended August 31, 2021 and August 31, 2020, respectively. As a result, we are sustaining substantial
operating and net losses, and it is possible that we will never be able to develop or sustain the revenue levels necessary to attain profitability. 

Our ability to be profitable will depend in part
upon our ability to manage our operating costs and to generate revenue from our extraction operations. Operating costs could be impacted
by inflationary pressures on labor, volatile pricing for natural gas used as an energy source in transportation of fuel and in oil sands
processes, and planned and unplanned maintenance. 

We have concluded that certain of our previously
issued financial statements should not be relied upon and have restated certain of our previously issued financial statements which was
time-consuming and expensive and could expose us to additional risks that could have a negative effect on our Company. 

We had concluded that certain of our previously
issued financial statements should not be relied upon. We have restated our previously issued audited consolidated financial statements
and related note disclosures as of and for the year ended August 31, 2020 and 2019. We do not intend to restate our unaudited condensed
consolidated financial statements and related note disclosures as of and for the three and six months ended February 28, 2019 and 2018
which were included in our initial registration statement on Form 10 originally filed with the SEC on May 22, 2019, and amended by Amendment
No. 1 thereto filed with the SEC on June 24, 2019 and by Amendment No. 2 thereto filed with the SEC on July 5, 2019, and such unaudited
condensed consolidated financial statements and related note disclosures should not be relied on. The restatement process was time consuming
and expensive and, along with the failure to file our quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the period ended May 31, 2021 with the SEC in
a timely manner, could expose us to additional risks that could have a negative effect on our Company. In particular, we incurred substantial
unanticipated expenses and costs, including audit, legal and other professional fees, in connection with the restatement of our previously
issued financial statements. Our management s attention was also diverted from some aspects of the operation of our business in
connection with the restatement. 

The restatement of our financial statements
may in the future lead to, among other things, future stockholder litigation, loss of investor confidence, negative impacts on our stock
price and certain other risks. 

There can be no assurance that litigation against
the Company and/or its management or Board of Directors might not be threatened or brought in connection with matters related to our restatements.
As a result of the circumstances giving rise to the restatements, we have become subject to certain additional risks and uncertainties,
including unanticipated costs for accounting and legal fees in connection with or related to the restatements, potential stockholder litigation,
government investigations, and potential claims by Redline Capital Management S.A. as described under Part I, Item 3. - Legal
Proceedings . Any such proceeding could result in substantial defense costs regardless of the outcome of the litigation or investigation.
If we do not prevail in any such litigation, we could be required to pay substantial damages or settlement costs. In addition, the restatements
and related matters could impair our reputation and could cause our counterparties to lose confidence in us. Each of these occurrences
could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and stock price. 

We expect that our revenues will be limited
until our Asphalt Ridge processing facility has become fully operational and we are at full production. 

The losses from continuing operations over the
past four fiscal years have been largely due to the relocation, reassembly and expansion or our processing facility, and we have faced
additional challenges with the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic. As described elsewhere in this Annual Report, the relocation of our Asphalt
Ridge processing facility from its original site near Maeser, Utah, to its present site on the TMC Mineral Lease in 2017 occurred during
a temporary suspension of our oil sands mining and processing operations that we had initiated in 2016 in the face of a sharp decline
in world oil prices, and our resulting inability to operate profitably at low volumes of output. We restarted operations at the end of
May 2018, and completed expansion work on the processing facility to increase production during the last quarter of fiscal 2019. We had
expected to generate revenue from the sale of hydrocarbon products commencing in the third quarter ended May 31, 2020. However, due to
the COVID-19 pandemic, we had suspended production of hydrocarbon products. Even once we resume production, we anticipate that our revenue
will be limited until we are at full production. We expect that we will require additional capital to continue our operations and planned
growth. 

22 

The failure to comply with the terms of
our secured notes could result in a default under the terms of the note and, if uncured, it could potentially result in action against
the pledged assets. 

As of August 31, 2021, we had issued and outstanding
convertible notes in the principal amount of 10,126,246 to certain private investors which mature between September 1, 2021 and July
21, 2025 and are secured by a pledge of all of our assets. If we fail to comply with the terms of the notes, the note holder could
declare a default under the notes and if the default were to remain uncured, as secured creditors they would have the right to proceed
against the collateral secured by the loans. Any action by secured creditors to proceed against our assets would likely have a serious
disruptive effect on our operations. 

We have limited capital and will need to
raise additional capital in the future. 

We do not currently have sufficient capital to
fund both our continuing operations and our planned growth. We will require additional capital to meet the terms of the TMC Mineral Lease
and to continue to grow our business via acquisitions and to further expand our exploration and development programs. We may be unable
to obtain additional capital when required. Future acquisitions and future exploration, development, processing and marketing activities,
as well as our administrative requirements (such as salaries, insurance expenses and general overhead expenses, as well as legal compliance
costs and accounting expenses) will require a substantial amount of additional capital and cash flows. 

We may pursue sources of additional capital through
various financing transactions or arrangements, including joint venturing of projects, debt financing, equity financing or other means.
We may not be successful in identifying suitable financing transactions in the time period required or at all, and we may not obtain the
capital we require by other means. If we do not succeed in raising additional capital, our resources may not be sufficient to fund our
planned operations and may force us to curtail operations or cancel planned projects. 

Our ability to obtain financing, if and when necessary,
may be impaired by such factors as the capital markets (both generally and in the oil and gas industry in particular), our limited operating
history, the location of our oil and gas properties and prices of oil and gas on the commodities markets (which will impact the amount
of asset-based financing available to us, if any) and the departure of key employees. Further, if oil or gas prices on the commodities
markets decline, our future revenues, if any, will likely decrease and such decreased revenues may increase our requirements for capital.
 If the amount of capital we are able to raise from financing activities, together with our revenues from operations, is not sufficient
to satisfy our capital needs (even to the extent that we reduce our operations), we may be required to cease our operations, divest our
assets at unattractive prices or obtain financing on unattractive terms. 

Any additional capital raised through the sale
of equity may dilute the ownership percentage of our shareholders. Raising any such capital could also result in a decrease in the
fair market value of our equity securities because our assets would be owned by a larger pool of outstanding equity. The terms of
securities we issue in future capital transactions may be more favorable to our new investors, and may include preferences, superior voting
rights and the issuance of other derivative securities, and issuances of incentive awards under equity employee incentive plans, which
may have a further dilutive effect. 

Any additional debt financing may include conditions
that would restrict our freedom to operate our business, such as conditions that: 

increase our vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions; 

require us to dedicate a portion of our cash flow from operations to payments on our debt, thereby reducing the availability of our cash flow to fund capital expenditures, working capital, growth and other general corporate purposes; and 

limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and our industry. 

The incurrence of additional indebtedness could
require acceptance of covenants that, if violated, could further restrict our operations or lead to acceleration of the indebtedness that
would necessitate winding up or liquidation of our company. In addition to the foregoing, our ability to obtain additional debt financing
may be limited and there can be no assurance that we will be able to obtain any additional financing on terms that are acceptable, or
at all. 

We may incur substantial costs in pursuing future
capital financing, including investment banking fees, legal fees, accounting fees, securities law compliance fees, printing and distribution
expenses and other costs. We may also be required to recognize non-cash expenses in connection with certain securities we may issue,
which may adversely impact our financial condition. 

23 

There is substantial doubt about our ability
to continue as a going concern. 

At August 31, 2021, we had not yet achieved profitable
operations, had accumulated losses of (100,138,592) since our inception and a working capital deficit of (6,264,427) and expect to incur
further losses in the development of our business, all of which casts substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern.
We have incurred net losses for the past five years. As at August 31, 2020 and August 31, 2019, we had an accumulated deficit of
 (90,664,349) and (78,285,282), respectively and a working capital deficit of (12,955,134) and (9,268,763), respectively. The opinion
of our independent registered accounting firm on our audited financial statements for the years ended August 31, 2021 and 2020 draws attention
to our notes to the financial statements, which describes certain material uncertainties regarding our ability to continue as a going
concern. Our ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon our ability to generate future profitable operations and/or to obtain
the necessary financing to meet our obligations and repay our liabilities arising from normal business operations when they come due.
Management s plan to address our ability to continue as a going concern includes (1) obtaining debt or equity funding from private
placement or institutional sources, (2) obtaining loans from financial institutions, where possible, or (3) participating in joint venture
transactions with third parties. Although management believes that it will be able to obtain the necessary funding to allow us to remain
a going concern through the methods discussed above, there can be no assurances that such methods will prove successful. The accompanying
financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Strategic relationships upon which we may
rely are subject to change, which may diminish our ability to conduct our operations. 

Our ability to successfully acquire oil and gas
interests, to establish reserves, and to identify and enter into commercial arrangements with customers will depend on developing and
maintaining close working relationships with industry participants and our ability to select and evaluate suitable properties and to consummate
transactions in a highly competitive environment. These realities are subject to change and our inability to maintain close working relationships
with industry participants or continue to acquire suitable property may impair our ability to execute our business plan. 

To continue to develop our business, we will endeavor
to use the business relationships of our management to enter into strategic relationships, which may take the form of joint ventures with
other private parties and contractual arrangements with other oil and gas companies, including those that supply equipment and other resources
that we will use in our business. We may not be able to establish these strategic relationships or, if established, we may not be able
to maintain them. In addition, the dynamics of our relationships with strategic partners may require us to incur expenses or undertake
activities we would not otherwise be inclined to in order to fulfill our obligations to these partners or maintain our relationships.
 If our strategic relationships are not established or maintained, our business prospects may be limited, which could diminish our
ability to conduct our operations. 

We may not be able to successfully manage
our growth, which could lead to our inability to implement our business plan. 

Our growth is expected to place a significant
strain on our managerial, operational and financial resources, especially considering that we currently only have a small number of executive
officers, employees and advisors. Further, as we enter into additional contracts, we will be required to manage multiple relationships
with various consultants, businesses and other third parties. In addition, once we commence operations at our oil extraction facility,
our strain on management will further increase. These requirements will be exacerbated in the event of our further growth or in the event
that the number of our drilling and/or extraction operations increases. There can be no assurance that our systems, procedures and/or
controls will be adequate to support our operations or that our management will be able to achieve the rapid execution necessary to successfully
implement our business plan. If we are unable to manage our growth effectively, our business results of operations and financial condition
will be adversely affected, which could lead to us being forced to abandon or curtail our business plan and operations. 

24 

Our operations are dependent upon us maintaining access to mineral
leases. 

TMC, one of our wholly owned operating subsidiaries,
holds certain mining and mineral production rights under the TMC Mineral Lease, covering lands consisting of approximately 1,229.82 acres
located in the Asphalt Ridge area in Uintah County, Utah. The Company has entered into an agreement with Valkor Energy to exchange our
TMC Mineral Leases for certain STLA leases situated nearby, subject to the approval of SITLA. 

Any relocation or construction of a new processing
facility from the TMC Mineral Lease, or the acquisition of other mineral leases for our operations, would require extensive plant relocation
and construction work and new regulatory permits to allow our processing facilities at a new lease or mine site to becoming operational.
There can be no assurance that we could economically relocate our processing facility to other leases or that we would be able to obtain
new or substitute mineral leases, if necessary, upon or under acceptable terms, or that any new or substitute leases would permit us to
relocate our processing facility to a site within such leases. 

The loss of key personnel would directly
affect our efficiency and profitability. 

Our future success is dependent, in a large part,
on retaining the services of our current management team. Our executive officers possess a unique and comprehensive knowledge of our industry,
our technology and related matters that are vital to our success within the industry. The knowledge, leadership and technical expertise
of these individuals would be difficult to replace. The loss of one or more of our officers could have a material adverse effect on our
operating and financial performance, including our ability to develop and execute our long term business strategy. We do not maintain
key-man life insurance with respect to any employees. We do not have employment agreements with any of our executive officers other than
our Chief Executive Officer. There can be no assurance that any of our officers will continue to be employed by us. 

In the future, we may incur significant
increased costs as a result of operating as a U.S reporting company, and our management may be required to devote substantial time to
new compliance initiatives. 

In the future, we may incur significant legal,
accounting and other expenses as a result of operating as a public company. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act ), as well as new rules subsequently implemented by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ), have
imposed various requirements on public companies, including requiring changes in corporate governance practices. Our management and other
personnel will need to devote a substantial amount of time to these new compliance initiatives. Moreover, these rules and regulations
will increase our legal and financial compliance costs and will make some activities more time-consuming and costly. For example, we expect
these new rules and regulations to make it more difficult and more expensive for us to obtain director and officer liability insurance,
and we may be required to incur substantial costs to maintain the same or similar coverage. 

We have identified weaknesses in our internal
controls, and we cannot provide assurances that these weaknesses will be effectively remediated or that additional material weaknesses
will not occur in the future. 

As a public company, we are subject to the reporting
requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act and the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. We expect
that the requirements of these rules and regulations will continue to increase our legal, accounting and financial compliance costs, make
some activities more difficult, time consuming and costly, and place significant strain on our personnel, systems and resources. 

We are required requires, among other things,
to maintain effective disclosure controls and procedures, and internal control over financial reporting. 

We do not yet have effective disclosure controls
and procedures, or internal controls over all aspects of our financial reporting. We are continuing to develop and refine our disclosure
controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we will
file with the SEC is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms. Our management
is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over our financial reporting, as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under
the Exchange Act. We will be required to expend time and resources to further improve our internal controls over financial reporting,
including by expanding our staff. However, we cannot assure you that our internal control over financial reporting, as modified, will
enable us to identify or avoid material weaknesses in the future. 

25 

We have identified material weaknesses in our
internal control over financial reporting. A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control
over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our financial statements will not
be prevented or detected on a timely basis. The material weaknesses identified to date include insufficient number of staff to maintain
optimal segregation of duties and levels of oversight. As such, our internal controls over financial reporting were not designed or operating
effectively. 

We will be required to expend time and resources
to further improve our internal controls over financial reporting, including by expanding our staff. However, we cannot assure you that
our internal control over financial reporting, as modified, will enable us to identify or avoid material weaknesses in the future. 

We have not yet retained sufficient staff or engaged
sufficient outside consultants with appropriate experience in GAAP presentation, especially of complex instruments, to devise and implement
effective disclosure controls and procedures, or internal controls. We will be required to expend time and resources hiring and engaging
additional staff and outside consultants with the appropriate experience to remedy these weaknesses. We cannot assure you that management
will be successful in locating and retaining appropriate candidates; that newly engaged staff or outside consultants will be successful
in remedying material weaknesses thus far identified or identifying material weaknesses in the future; or that appropriate candidates
will be located and retained prior to these deficiencies resulting in material and adverse effects on our business. 

Our current controls and any new controls that
we develop may become inadequate because of changes in conditions in our business, including increased complexity resulting from our international
expansion. Further, weaknesses in our disclosure controls or our internal control over financial reporting may be discovered in the future.
Any failure to develop or maintain effective controls, or any difficulties encountered in their implementation or improvement, could harm
our operating results or cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations and may result in a restatement of our financial statements
for prior periods. Any failure to implement and maintain effective internal control over financial reporting could also adversely affect
the results of management reports and independent registered public accounting firm audits of our internal control over financial reporting
that we will eventually be required to include in our periodic reports that will be filed with the SEC. Ineffective disclosure controls
and procedures, and internal control over financial reporting could also cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial
and other information, which would likely have a negative effect on the market price of our common stock. 

Any failure to maintain effective disclosure controls
and internal control over financial reporting could have a material and adverse effect on our business and operating results, and cause
a decline in the market price of our common stock. 

Our operations are currently geographically
concentrated and therefore subject to regional economic, regulatory and capacity risks. 

All of our production is anticipated to be derived
from our properties in the Asphalt Ridge area. As a result of this geographic concentration, we may be disproportionately exposed to the
effect of regional supply and demand factors, delays or interruptions of production from ore sands in this area caused by governmental
regulation, processing or transportation capacity constraints, market limitations, weather events or interruption of the processing or
transportation of crude oil or natural gas. Additionally, we may be exposed to additional risks, such as changes in laws and regulations
that could cause us to permanently cease mining operations at Asphalt Ridge. 

In addition, the Exchange Act requires, among
other things, that we maintain effective internal controls for financial reporting and disclosure controls and procedures. Further, we
are required to perform system and process evaluation and testing on the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting,
as required by Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Our testing may reveal deficiencies in our internal controls over financial reporting
that are deemed to be material weaknesses. Our compliance with Section 404 will require that we incur substantial accounting expense and
expend significant management efforts. We currently do not have an internal audit group, and we will need to hire additional accounting
and financial staff with appropriate public company experience and technical accounting knowledge. Moreover, if we are not able to comply
with the requirements of Section 404 in a timely manner, or if we or our independent registered public accounting firm identifies deficiencies
in our internal controls over financial reporting that are deemed to be material weaknesses, the market price of our stock could decline,
and we could be subject to sanctions or investigations by the SEC or other regulatory authorities, which would require additional financial
and management resources. 

26 

Licenses and permits are required for our
company to operate in some jurisdictions, and the loss of or failure to renew any or all of these licenses and permits or failure to comply
with applicable laws and regulations could prevent us from either completing current projects or obtaining future projects, and thus,
materially adversely affect our business. 

Our operations will require licenses, permits
and in some cases renewals of licenses and permits from various governmental authorities. Our ability to obtain, sustain or renew
such licenses and permits on acceptable terms is subject to change in regulations and policies and to the discretion of the applicable
governments, among other factors. Our inability to obtain, or our loss of or denial of extension of, any of these licenses or permits
could hamper our ability to produce revenues from our operations. 

We may be required to make significant capital
expenditures to comply with laws and the applicable regulations and standards of governmental authorities and organizations. 

We are subject to various national, state, and
local laws and regulations in the various countries in which we operate, including those relating to the renewable energy industry in
general, and may be required to make significant capital expenditures to comply with laws and the applicable regulations and standards
of governmental authorities and organizations. Moreover, the cost of compliance could be higher than anticipated. On the effective date
hereof, our operations will become subject to compliance with the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act in addition to certain international
conventions and the laws, regulations and standards of other foreign countries in which we operate. 

In addition, many aspects of our operations are
subject to laws and regulations that relate, directly or indirectly, to the renewable energy industry. Existing and proposed new governmental
conventions, laws, regulations and standards, including those related to climate and emissions of greenhouse gases, may
in the future add significantly to our operating costs or limit our activities or the activities and levels of capital spending by our
customers. Failure to comply with these laws and regulations may result in the assessment of administrative, civil and even criminal penalties,
the imposition of remedial obligations, and the issuance of injunctions that may limit or prohibit our operations. The application of
these requirements, the modification of existing laws or regulations or the adoption of new laws or regulations which impose substantial
new regulatory requirements on our oil extraction operations could also harm our business, results of operations, financial condition
and prospects. 

We could be subject to litigation that could
have an adverse effect on our business and operating results. 

We are, from time to time, involved in litigation.
The numerous operating hazards inherent in our business increase our exposure to litigation, which may involve, among other things, contract
disputes, personal injury, environmental, employment, warranty and product liability claims, tax and securities litigation, patent infringement
and other intellectual property claims and litigation that arises in the ordinary course of business. Our management cannot predict with
certainty the outcome or effect of any claim or other litigation matter. Litigation may have an adverse effect on us because of potential
negative outcomes such as monetary damages or restrictions on future operations, the costs associated with defending the lawsuits, the
diversion of management s resources and other factors. 

Global political, economic and market conditions
could negatively impact our business. 

Our company s operations are affected by
global political, economic and market conditions. The recent economic downturn has generally reduced the availability of liquidity and
credit to fund business operations worldwide and has adversely affected our customers, suppliers and lenders. Our limited capital resources
have negatively impacted our activity levels and, in turn, our financial condition and results of operations. A sustained or deeper recession
in regions in which we operate could limit overall demand for our renewable energy solutions and could further constrain our ability to
generate revenues and margins in those markets and to grow overall. 

War, terrorism, geopolitical uncertainties, public
health issues, and other business interruptions have caused and could cause damage or disruption to international commerce and the global
economy, and thus could have a material adverse effect on us, our suppliers, logistics providers and customers. Our business operations
are subject to interruption by, among others, natural disasters (including, without limitation, earthquakes), fire, power shortages, nuclear
power plant accidents, terrorist attacks and other hostile acts, labor disputes, public health issues, and other events beyond our control.
Such events could decrease demand for our services and products, make it difficult or impossible for us to make and deliver crude oil
and hydrocarbon products to our buyers and customers, or to receive necessary supplies from our suppliers, and create delays and inefficiencies
in our supply chain. Should major public health issues, including pandemics, arise, we could be adversely affected by more stringent employee
travel restrictions, additional limitations in freight services, governmental actions limiting the movement of products between regions,
delays in production ramps of new products, and disruptions in the operations of our customers and suppliers. The majority of our business
operations, our corporate headquarters, and other critical business operations, including suppliers and customers, are in locations that
could be affected by natural disasters. In the event of a natural disaster, we could incur significant losses, require substantial recovery
time and experience significant expenditures in order to resume operations. 

27 

We do not carry business interruption insurance,
and any unexpected business interruptions could adversely affect our business. 

Our operations are vulnerable to interruption
by earthquake, fire, power failure and power shortages, hardware and software failure, floods, computer viruses, and other events beyond
our control. In addition, we do not carry business interruption insurance to compensate us for losses that may occur as a result
of these kinds of events, and any such losses or damages incurred by us could disrupt our projects and our other operations without reimbursement.
Because of our limited financial resources, such an event could threaten our viability to continue as a going concern and lead to dramatic
losses in the value of our common shares. 

Certain Factors Related to Oil Sands Exploration 

The Nature of Oil Sands Exploration and
Development involves many risks. 

Oil sands exploration and development are very
competitive and involve many risks that even a combination of experience, knowledge and careful evaluation may not be able to overcome.
As with any exploration property, there can be no assurance that commercial deposits of bitumen will be produced from oil sands exploration
licenses and our permit lands in Utah. 

The Extraction Technology has never been implemented
on a large commercial basis as an oil and gas recovery technology before and our assumptions and expectations may not be accurate causing
actual results of the implementation of the Extraction Technology to be significantly different form our current expectations. As a result,
our operations may not generate any significant revenues from the development of the bitumen resources. In addition, there is no assurance
that reserve engineers or lenders will determine that the production resulting from the application of the Extraction Technology can be
used to establish reserves. 

Furthermore, the marketability of any resource
will be affected by numerous factors beyond our control. These factors include, but are not limited to, market fluctuations of prices,
proximity and capacity of pipelines and processing equipment, equipment and labor availability and government regulations (including,
without limitation, regulations relating to prices, taxes, royalties, land tenure, allowable production, importing and exporting of oil
and gas, land use and environmental protection). The extent of these factors cannot be accurately predicted, but the combination of these
factors may result in us not receiving an adequate return on invested capital. 

Supply risk is a function of the unavailability
of oil sands ores containing heavy oil and bitumen, whether from our mineral leases or from third parties; poor ore grade quality or density,
and solvents and condensates that we acquire from third parties. Unplanned mine equipment and extraction plant maintenance, storage costs
and in situ reservoir and equipment performance could also impact our production targets. Our oil extraction activities will be dependent
upon having an available supply of mined oil sands ores and sandstones containing heavy oil and bitumen. 

The viability of our business plan, business operations, and
future operating results and financial condition are and will be exposed to fluctuating prices for oil, gas, oil products and chemicals. 

Prices of oil, gas, oil products and chemicals
are affected by supply and demand, which can fluctuate significantly. Factors that influence supply and demand include operational
issues, natural disasters, weather, political instability or conflicts, economic conditions and actions by major oil-exporting countries. Price
fluctuations can have a material effect on our ability to raise capital and fund our exploration activities, our potential future earnings,
and our financial condition. For example, in a low oil and gas price environment oil sands exploration and development may not be
economically or financially viable or profitable. Prolonged periods of low oil and gas prices, or rising costs, could result in our
mining and processing projects being delayed or cancelled, as well as the impairment of certain assets. 

28 

Environmental and regulatory compliance may impose substantial
costs on us. 

Our operations are or will be subject to stringent
federal, state and local laws and regulations relating to improving or maintaining environmental quality. Environmental laws often require
parties to pay for remedial action or to pay damages regardless of fault. Environmental laws also often impose liability with respect
to divested or terminated operations, even if the operations were terminated or divested many years ago. 

Our mining, production and processing activities
are or will be subject to extensive laws and regulations governing prospecting, development, production, exports, taxes, labor standards,
occupational health, waste disposal, land use, protection and remediation of the environment, protection of endangered and protected species,
operational safety, toxic substances and other matters. Generally, oil and gas exploration and production, including our oil sands mining
and processing operations, are subject to risks and liabilities associated with pollution of the environment and disposal of waste products.
Compliance with these laws and regulations will impose substantial costs on us and will subject us to significant potential liabilities. In
addition, should there be changes to existing laws or regulations, our competitive position within the oil sands industry may be adversely
affected, as many industry players have greater resources than we do. 

We are required to obtain various regulatory permits
and approvals in order to explore and develop our properties. There is no assurance that regulatory approvals for exploration and development
of our properties will be obtained at all or with terms and conditions acceptable to us. 

We may be exposed to third party liability
and environmental liability in the operation of our business. 

Our operations could result in liability for personal
injuries, property damage, oil spills, discharge of hazardous materials, remediation and clean-up costs and other environmental damage.
We could be liable for environmental damages caused by previous owners. As a result, substantial liabilities to third parties or governmental
entities may be incurred, and the payment of such liabilities could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results
of operations. The release of harmful substances in the environment or other environmental damages caused by our activities could result
in us losing our operating and environmental permits or inhibit us from obtaining new permits or renewing existing permits. We currently
have a limited amount of insurance and, at such time as we commence additional operations, we expect to be able to obtain and maintain
additional insurance coverage for our operations, including limited coverage for sudden environmental damages, but we do not believe that
insurance coverage for environmental damage that occurs over time is available at a reasonable cost. Moreover, we do not believe that
insurance coverage for the full potential liability that could be caused by environmental damage is available at a reasonable cost. Accordingly,
we may be subject to liability or may lose substantial portions of our properties in the event of certain environmental damage. We could
incur substantial costs to comply with environmental laws and regulations which could affect our ability to operate as planned. 

American climate change legislation could negatively affect markets
for crude and synthetic crude oil 

Environmental legislation regulating carbon fuel
standards in the United States (or elsewhere) could adversely affect companies that produce, refine, transport, process and sell crude
oil and refined products, including our oil sands mining and processing operations, and could result in increased costs and/or reduced
revenue. For example, both the state of California and the U.S. Government have passed legislation which, in some circumstances,
considers the lifecycle greenhouse gas emissions of purchased fuel and which may negatively affect our business or require the purchase
of emissions credits, which may not be economically feasible. 

Because of the speculative nature of oil exploration, there is
risk that we will not find commercially exploitable oil and gas and that our business will fail. 

The search for commercial quantities of oil and
gas as a business is extremely risky. We cannot provide investors with any assurance that any properties in which we obtain a mineral
interest will contain commercially exploitable quantities of oil and gas or heavy oil and bitumen contained in oil sands. The exploration
expenditures to be made by us may not result in the discovery of commercial quantities of oil and/or gas. Problems such as unusual
or unexpected formations or pressures, premature declines of reservoirs, invasion of water into producing formations and other conditions
involved in oil and gas exploration often result in unsuccessful exploration efforts. If we are unable to find commercially exploitable
quantities of oil and gas (in particular oil sands containing economically recoverable heavy oil and bitumen), and/or we are unable to
commercially extract such quantities, we may be forced to abandon or curtail our business plan and, as a result, any investment in us
may become worthless. 

29 

The price of oil and gas has historically
been volatile. If it were to decrease substantially, our projections, budgets and revenues would be adversely affected, potentially
forcing us to make changes in our operations. 

Our future financial condition, results of operations
and the carrying value of any oil and gas interests we acquire will depend primarily upon the prices paid for oil and gas production.
Oil and gas prices historically have been volatile and likely will continue to be volatile in the future, especially given current world
geopolitical conditions. Our cash flows from operations are highly dependent on the prices that we receive for oil and gas. This price
volatility also affects the amount of our cash flows available for capital expenditures and our ability to borrow money or raise additional
capital. The prices for oil and gas are subject to a variety of additional factors that are beyond our control. These factors include: 

the level of consumer demand
for oil and gas; 

the domestic and foreign supply
of oil and gas; 

the ability of the members
of the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries OPEC to agree to and maintain oil price and production controls; 

the price of oil, both in international
and U.S. markets; 

domestic governmental regulations
and taxes; 

the price and availability
of solvent materials and feedstocks; 

weather conditions; 

market uncertainty due to political
conditions in oil and gas producing regions, including the Middle East; and 

worldwide economic conditions. 

These factors as well as the volatility of the
energy markets generally make it extremely difficult to predict future oil and gas price movements with any certainty. Declines in oil
and gas prices affect our revenues and accordingly, such declines could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results
of operations, our future oil and gas reserves and the carrying values of our oil and gas properties. If the oil and gas industry experiences
significant price declines, we may be unable to make planned expenditures, among other things. If this were to happen, we may be forced
to abandon or curtail our business operations, which would cause the value of an investment in us to decline in value or become worthless. 

Because of the inherent dangers involved
in oil and gas operations, there is a risk that we may incur liability or damages as we conduct our business operations, which could force
us to expend a substantial amount of money in connection with litigation and/or a settlement. 

The oil and gas business involves a variety of
operating hazards and risks such as well blowouts, pipe failures, casing collapse, explosions, uncontrollable flows of oil, gas or well
fluids, fires, spills, pollution, releases of toxic gas and other environmental hazards and risks. These hazards and risks could result
in substantial losses to us from, among other things, injury or loss of life, severe damage to or destruction of property, natural resources
and equipment, pollution or other environmental damage, cleanup responsibilities, regulatory investigation and penalties and suspension
of operations. In addition, we may be liable for environmental damages caused by previous owners of property purchased and leased by us.
As a result, substantial liabilities to third parties or governmental entities may be incurred, the payment of which could reduce or eliminate
the funds available for exploration, development or acquisitions or result in the loss of our properties and/or force us to expend substantial
monies in connection with litigation or settlements. There can be no assurance that any insurance we may have in place will be adequate
to cover any losses or liabilities. The occurrence of a significant event not fully insured or indemnified against could materially and
adversely affect our financial condition and operations. In addition, pollution and environmental risks generally are not fully insurable.
The occurrence of an event not fully covered by insurance could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results
of operations, which could lead to any investment in us becoming worthless. 

30 

The market for oil and gas is intensely
competitive, and competitive pressures could force us to abandon or curtail our business plan. 

The market for oil, gas and hydrocarbon products
is highly competitive, and we only expect competition to intensify in the future. Numerous well-established companies are focusing significant
resources on exploration and production and are currently competing with us for oil and gas opportunities, including opportunities involving
the production of crude oil, synthetic crude oil and other products from oil sands. Other oil and gas companies may seek to acquire
oil and gas leases and properties that we have targeted. Additionally, other companies engaged in our line of business may compete
with us from time to time in obtaining capital from investors. Competitors include larger companies which, in particular, may have
access to greater resources, may be more successful in the recruitment and retention of qualified employees and may conduct their own
refining and petroleum marketing operations, which may give them a competitive advantage. Actual or potential competitors may be
strengthened through the acquisition of additional assets and interests. Additionally, there are numerous companies focusing their
resources on creating fuels and/or materials which serve the same purpose as oil and gas but are manufactured from renewable resources.
As a result, there can be no assurance that we will be able to compete successfully or that competitive pressures will not adversely affect
our business, results of operations and financial condition. If we are not able to successfully compete in the marketplace, we could be
forced to curtail or even abandon our current business plan, which could cause any investment in us to become worthless. 

Our estimates of the volume of recoverable
resources could have flaws, or such resources could turn out not to be commercially extractable. Further, we may not be able to establish
any reserves. As a result, our future revenues and projections could be incorrect. 

Estimates of recoverable resources and of future
net revenues prepared by different petroleum engineers may vary substantially depending, in part, on the assumptions made and may be subject
to adjustment either up or down in the future. To date we have not established any reserves. Our actual amounts of production, revenue,
taxes, development expenditures, operating expenses, and future quantities of recoverable oil and gas reserves may vary substantially
from the estimates. There are numerous uncertainties inherent in estimating quantities of bitumen resources and recoverable reserves,
including many factors beyond our control and no assurance can be given that the recovery of bitumen will be realized. In general, estimates
of resources and reserves are based upon a number of factors and assumptions made as of the date on which the resources and reserve estimates
were determined, such as geological and engineering estimates which have inherent uncertainties, the assumed effects of regulation by
governmental agencies and estimates of future commodity prices and operating costs, all of which may vary considerably from estimated
results. Oil and gas reserve estimates are necessarily inexact and involve matters of subjective engineering judgment. In addition,
any estimates of our future net revenues and the present value thereof are based on assumptions derived in part from historical price
and cost information, which may not reflect current and future values, and/or other assumptions made by us that only represent our best
estimates. For these reasons, estimates of reserves and resources, the classification of such resources and reserves based on risk of
recovery, prepared by different engineers or by the same engineers at different times, may vary substantially. Investors are cautioned
not to assume that all or any part of a resource is economically or legally extractable. Additionally, if declines in and instability
of oil and gas prices occur, then write downs in the capitalized costs associated with any oil and gas assets we obtain may be required.
Because of the nature of the estimates of our recoverable resources and future reserves and estimates in general, we can provide no assurance
that our estimated bitumen resources or future reserves will be present and/or commercially extractable. If our recoverable bitumen resource
estimates are incorrect, the value of our common shares could decrease and we may be forced to write down the capitalized costs of our
oil and gas properties. 

Decommissioning costs are unknown and may
be substantial. Unplanned costs could divert resources from other projects. 

In the future, we may become responsible for costs
associated with abandoning and reclaiming wells, facilities and pipelines which we use for processing of oil and gas reserves. Abandonment
and reclamation of these facilities and the costs associated therewith is often referred to as decommissioning. We
accrue a liability for decommissioning costs associated with our extraction plant and wells but have not established any cash reserve
account for these potential costs in respect of any of our properties. If decommissioning is required before economic depletion
of our properties or if our estimates of the costs of decommissioning exceed the value of the reserves remaining at any particular time
to cover such decommissioning costs, we may have to draw on funds from other sources to satisfy such costs. The use of other funds
to satisfy such decommissioning costs could impair our ability to focus capital investment in other areas of our business. 

31 

We may have difficulty marketing or distributing
the oil we produce, which could harm our financial condition. 

In order to sell the finished crude oil that we
are able to produce, if any, we must be able to make economically viable arrangements for the storage, transportation and distribution
of our oil to the market. We will rely on local infrastructure and the availability of transportation for storage and shipment of
our products, but infrastructure development and storage and transportation facilities may be insufficient for our needs at commercially
acceptable terms in the localities in which we operate. This situation could be particularly problematic to the extent that our
operations are conducted in remote areas that are difficult to access, such as areas that are distant from shipping and/or pipeline facilities.
 These factors may affect our and potential partners ability to explore and develop properties and to store and transport
oil and gas production, increasing our expenses. 

Furthermore, weather conditions or natural disasters,
actions by companies doing business in one or more of the areas in which we will operate, or labor disputes may impair the distribution
of oil and/or gas and in turn diminish our financial condition or ability to maintain our operations. 

Challenges to our properties may impact
our financial condition. 

Title to oil and gas interests is often not capable
of conclusive determination without incurring substantial expense. While we intend to make appropriate inquiries into the title
of properties and other development rights we acquire, title defects may exist. In addition, we may be unable to obtain adequate
insurance for title defects, on a commercially reasonable basis or at all. If title defects do exist, it is possible that we may
lose all or a portion of our right, title and interests in and to the properties to which the title defects relate. If our property rights
are reduced, our ability to conduct our exploration, development and processing activities may be impaired. To mitigate title problems,
common industry practice is to obtain a title opinion from a qualified oil and gas attorney prior to the excavation activities undertaken
or the drilling operations of a well. 

We rely on technology to conduct our business,
and our technology could become ineffective or obsolete. 

We rely on technology, including geographic and
seismic analysis techniques and economic models, to develop our reserve estimates and to guide our exploration, development and processing
activities. We and our operator partners will be required to continually enhance and update our technology to maintain its efficacy
and to avoid obsolescence. Our oil extraction business is dependent upon the Extraction Technology that we have developed but which
has not yet been used on a large commercial scale. As such, the project carries with it a greater degree of technological risk than other
projects that employ commercially proven technologies and the Extraction Technology may not perform as anticipated. If major process design
changes are required, the costs of doing so may be substantial and may be higher than the costs that we anticipate for technology maintenance
and development. If we are unable to maintain the efficacy of our technology, our ability to manage our business and to compete
may be impaired. Further, even if we are able to maintain technical effectiveness, our technology may not be the most efficient
means of reaching our objectives, in which case we may incur higher operating costs than we would were our technology more efficient. 

Our failure to protect our proprietary information
and any successful intellectual property challenges or infringement proceedings against us could materially and adversely affect our competitive
position. 

We rely on a variety of intellectual property
rights that we use in our services and products. We rely upon intellectual property rights and other contractual or proprietary rights,
including copyright, trademark, trade secrets, confidentiality provisions, contractual provisions, licenses and patents. We may not be
able to successfully preserve these intellectual property rights in the future, and these rights could be invalidated, circumvented, or
challenged. In addition, the laws of some foreign countries in which our services and products may be sold do not protect intellectual
property rights to the same extent as the laws of the United States. Our failure to protect our proprietary information and any successful
intellectual property challenges or infringement proceedings against us could materially and adversely affect our competitive position.
Without patent and other similar protection, other companies could use substantially identical technology to offer products for sale without
incurring the sizable development costs we have incurred. Even if we spend the necessary time and money, a patent may not be issued or
it may insufficiently protect the technology it was intended to protect. If our pending patent applications are not approved for any reason,
the degree of future protection for our proprietary technology will remain uncertain. If we have to engage in litigation to protect our
patents and other intellectual property rights, the litigation could be time consuming and expensive, regardless of whether we are successful.
Despite our efforts, our intellectual property rights, particularly existing or future patents, may be invalidated, circumvented, challenged,
infringed or required to be licensed to others. We cannot be assured that any steps we may take to protect our intellectual property rights
and other rights to such proprietary technologies that are central to our operations will prevent misappropriation or infringement of
the right to use or license others to use the Extraction Technology and accordingly may conduct an oil sands extraction operation similar
to ours. 

32 

Certain Factors Related to Our Common Shares 

There presently is a
limited market for our common shares, and the price of our common shares may continue to be volatile. 

Our common shares are currently quoted on the
TSXV, the Frankfurt Exchange and the OTC Pink Sheets markets. Our common shares are currently subject to a cease trade order on the TSXV,
as mentioned above. Our common shares, however, are very thinly traded, and we have a very limited trading history. There
could continue to be volatility in the volume and market price of our common shares moving forward. This volatility may be caused
by a variety of factors, including the lack of readily available quotations, the absence of consistent administrative supervision of bid 
and ask quotations and generally lower trading volume. In addition, factors such as quarterly variations in our operating
results, changes in financial estimates by securities analysts or our failure to meet our or their projected financial and operating results,
litigation involving us, factors relating to the oil and gas industry, actions by governmental agencies, national economic and stock market
considerations as well as other events and circumstances beyond our control could have a significant impact on the future market price
of our common shares and the relative volatility of such market price. 

Offers or availability for sale of a substantial
number of shares of our common shares may cause the price of our common shares to decline. 

Our shareholders could sell substantial amounts
of common shares in the public market, including shares sold upon the filing of a registration statement that registers such shares and/or
upon the expiration of any statutory holding period under Rule 144 of the Securities Act of 1933 (the Securities Act ), if
available, or upon trading limitation periods. Such volume could create a circumstance commonly referred to as an overhang 
and in anticipation of which the market price of our common shares could fall. The existence of an overhang, whether or not sales have
occurred or are occurring, also could make it more difficult for us to secure additional financing through the sale of equity or equity-related
securities in the future at a time and price that we deem reasonable or appropriate. 

We do not anticipate paying any cash dividends. 

We do not anticipate paying cash dividends on
our common shares for the foreseeable future. The payment of dividends, if any, would be contingent upon our revenues and earnings,
if any, capital requirements, and general financial condition. The payment of any dividends will be within the discretion of our
Board of Directors. We presently intend to retain all earnings, if any, to implement our business strategy; accordingly, we do not
anticipate the declaration of any dividends in the foreseeable future. 

The market price and trading volume of our
common shares may continue to be volatile and may be affected by variability in our performance from period to period and economic conditions
beyond management s control. 

The market price of our common shares may continue
to be highly volatile and could be subject to wide fluctuations. This means that our shareholders could experience a decrease in the value
of their common shares regardless of our operating performance or prospects. The market prices of securities of companies operating in
the oil and gas sector have often experienced fluctuations that have been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating results of these
companies. In addition, the trading volume of our common shares may fluctuate and cause significant price variations to occur. If the
market price of our common shares declines significantly, our shareholders may be unable to resell our common shares at or above their
purchase price, if at all. There can be no assurance that the market price of our common shares will not fluctuate or significantly decline
in the future. 

Some specific factors that could negatively affect
the price of our common shares or result in fluctuations in their price and trading volume include: 

actual or expected fluctuations
in our operating results; 

actual or expected changes
in our growth rates or our competitors growth rates; 

our inability to raise additional
capital, limiting our ability to continue as a going concern; 

changes in market prices for
our product or for our raw materials; 

changes in market valuations
of similar companies; 

changes in key personnel for
us or our competitors; 

speculation in the press or
investment community; 

changes or proposed changes
in laws and regulations affecting the renewable energy industry as a whole; 

conditions in the renewable
energy industry generally; and 

conditions in the financial
markets in general or changes in general economic conditions. 

In the past, following periods of volatility in
the market price of the securities of other companies, shareholders have often instituted securities class action litigation against such
companies. If we were involved in a class action suit, it could divert the attention of senior management and, if adversely determined,
could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 

33 

We may be classified as a foreign investment
company for U.S. federal income tax purposes, which could subject U.S. investors in our common shares to significant adverse U.S. income
tax consequences. 

Depending upon the value of our common shares
and the nature of our assets and income over time, we could be classified as a passive foreign investment company , or PFIC ,
for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Based upon our current income and assets and projections as to the value of our common shares, we
do not presently expect to be a PFIC for the current taxable year or the foreseeable future. While we do not expect to become a PFIC,
if among other matters, our market capitalization is less than anticipated or subsequently declines, we may be a PFIC for the current
or future taxable years. The determination of whether we are or will be a PFIC will also depend, in part, on the composition of our income
and assets, which will be affected by how, and how quickly, we use our liquid assets. Because PFIC status is a factual determination made
annually after the close of each taxable year, including ascertaining the fair market value of our assets on a quarterly basis and the
character of each item of income we earn, we can provide no assurance that we will not be a PFIC for the current taxable year or any future
taxable year. 

If we were to be classified as a PFIC in any taxable
year, a U.S. holder would be subject to special rules generally intended to reduce or eliminate any benefits from the deferral of U.S.
federal income tax that a U.S. holder could derive from investing in a non-U.S. corporation that does not distribute all of its earnings
on a current basis. Further, if we are classified as a PFIC for any year during which a U.S. holder holds our common shares, we generally
will continue to be treated as a PFIC for all succeeding years during which such U.S. holder holds our common shares. 

We are exposed to credit risk through our
cash and cash equivalents held at financial institutions. 

Credit risk is the risk of unexpected loss if
a customer or third party to a financial instrument fails to meet contractual obligations. We are exposed to credit risk through our cash
and cash equivalents held at financial institutions. We have cash balances at four financial institutions. We have not experienced any
loss on these accounts, although balances in the accounts may exceed the insurable limits. 

Some of our officers and directors have
conflicts of interest and cannot devote a substantial amount of time to our company. 

Certain of our current directors and officers
are, and may continue to be, involved in other industries through their direct and indirect participation in corporations, partnerships
or joint ventures which may be potential competitors of ours. Several of our officers work for us on a part time basis. These officers
have discretion as to what time they devote to our activities, which may result in lack of availability when needed due to responsibilities
at other jobs. In addition, situations may arise in connection with potential acquisitions or opportunities where the other interests
of these directors and officers may conflict with our interests. Directors and officers with conflicts of interest will be subject to
and follow the procedures set out in applicable corporate and securities legislation, regulation, rules and policies. Certain of our directors
and officers will only devote a portion of their time to our business and affairs and some of them are or will be engaged in other projects
or businesses. 

Our ability to issue an unlimited number
of common shares and preferred shares may have anti-takeover effects that could discourage, delay or prevent a change of control and may
result in dilution to our investors. 

Our charter documents currently authorize the
issuance of an unlimited number of common shares without nominal or par value and an unlimited number of preferred shares without nominal
or par value in one or more series without the requirement that we obtain any shareholder approval. The Board could authorize the issuance
of additional preferred shares that would grant holders rights to our assets upon liquidation, special voting rights, redemption rights.
That could impair the rights of holders of common shares and discourage a takeover attempt. In addition, in an effort to discourage a
takeover attempt, our Board could issue an unlimited number of additional common shares. There are currently no preferred shares outstanding.
If we issue any additional shares or enter into private placements to raise financing through the sale of equity securities, investors 
interests in our company will be diluted and investors may suffer substantial dilution in their net book value per share depending on
market conditions and the price at which such securities are sold. If we issue any such additional shares, such issuances also will cause
a reduction in the proportionate ownership and voting power of all other shareholders. 

34 

Issuances of common shares upon exercise
or conversion of convertible securities, including pursuant to our equity incentive plans and outstanding share purchase warrants and
convertible notes could result in additional dilution of the percentage ownership of our stockholders and could cause our stock price
to fall. 

As of December 14, 2021, we have share purchase
warrants to purchase 73,148,824 common shares outstanding at exercise prices ranging from 0.055 to 0.23 and options to purchase 7,250,000
common shares with a weighted average exercise price of CDN 0.79 and notes convertible into 118,391,331 common shares based on conversion
prices ranging from 0.042 to 0.12 per share. The issuance of the common shares underlying the share purchase warrants, options and convertible
notes will have a dilutive effect on the percentage ownership held by holders of our common shares. 

The risks associated with penny stock classification
could affect the marketability of our common shares and shareholders could find it difficult to sell their shares. 

Our common shares are currently subject to penny
stock rules as promulgated under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. The SEC adopted rules that regulate broker-dealer
practices in connection with transactions in penny stocks. Transaction costs associated with purchases and sales of penny stocks are likely
to be higher than those for other securities. Penny stocks generally are equity securities with a price of less than 5.00 (other than
securities listed on certain national securities exchanges, provided that current price and volume information with respect to transactions
in such securities is provided by the exchange). 

The penny stock rules require a broker-dealer,
prior to a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from the rules, to deliver a standardized risk disclosure document that provides
information about penny stocks and the nature and level of risks in the penny stock market. The broker-dealer also must provide the customer
with current bid and offer quotations for the penny stock, the compensation of the broker-dealer and its salesperson in the transaction,
and monthly account statements showing the market value of each penny stock held in the customer s account. The bid and offer quotations,
and the broker-dealer and salesperson compensation information, must be given to the customer orally or in writing prior to effecting
the transaction and must be given to the customer in writing before or with the customer s confirmation. 

In addition, the penny stock rules require that
prior to a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from such rules, the broker- dealer must make a special written determination
that the penny stock is a suitable investment for the purchaser and receive the purchaser s written agreement to the transaction.
These disclosure requirements may have the effect of reducing the level of trading activity in the secondary market for our common shares
in the United States and shareholders may find it more difficult to sell their shares. 

The rights of our shareholders may differ
from the rights typically offered to shareholders of a U.S. corporation. 

We are incorporated under the Business Corporations
Act (Ontario). The rights of holders of our common shares are governed by the laws of the Province of Ontario, including the Business
Corporations Act (Ontario), by the applicable laws of Canada, and by our Articles, as amended (the Articles ), and our bylaws
(the bylaws ). These rights differ in certain respects from the rights of shareholders in typical U.S. corporations. The
principal differences include without limitation the following: 

Under the Business Corporations Act (Ontario),
we have a lien on any common share registered in the name of a shareholder or the shareholder s legal representative for any debt
owed by the shareholder to us. Under U.S. state law, corporations generally are not entitled to any such statutory liens in respect of
debts owed by shareholders. Our bylaws also provide that at least 25 of our Board of Directors must be resident Canadians. 

With regard to certain matters, we must obtain
approval of our shareholders by way of at least 66 2/3 of the votes cast at a meeting of shareholders duly called for such purpose being
cast in favor of the proposed matter. Such matters include without limitation: (a) the sale, lease or exchange of all or substantially
all of our assets out of the ordinary course of our business; and (b) any amendments to our Articles including, but not limited to, amendments
affecting our capital structure such as the creation of new classes of shares, changing any rights, privileges, restrictions or conditions
in respect of our shares, or changing the number of issued or authorized shares, as well as amendments changing the minimum or maximum
number of directors set forth in the Articles. Under many U.S. state laws, the sale, lease, exchange or other disposition of all or substantially
all of the assets of a corporation generally requires approval by a majority of the outstanding shares, although in some cases approval
by a higher percentage of the outstanding shares may be required. In addition, under U.S. state law the vote of a majority of the shares
is generally sufficient to amend a company s certificate of incorporation, including amendments affecting capital structure or the
number of directors. 

35 

Pursuant to our bylaws, two persons holding 5 
of the shares entitled to vote at the meeting present in person or represented by proxy and each entitled to vote thereat shall constitute
a quorum for the transaction of business at any meeting of shareholders. Under U.S. state law, a quorum generally requires the presence
in person or by proxy of a specified percentage of the shares entitled to vote at a meeting, and such percentage is generally not less
than one-third of the number of shares entitled to vote. 

Under rules of the Ontario Securities Commission,
a meeting of shareholders must be called for consideration and approval of certain transactions between a corporation and any related
party (as defined in such rules). A related party is defined to include, among other parties, directors and senior
officers of a corporation, holders of more than 10 of the voting securities of a corporation, persons owning a block of securities that
is otherwise sufficient to affect materially the control of the corporation, and other persons that manage or direct, to a substantial
degree, the affairs or operations of the corporation. At such shareholders meeting, votes cast by any related party who holds common
shares and has an interest in the transaction may not be counted for the purposes of determining whether the minimum number of required
votes have been cast in favor of the transaction. Under U.S. state law, a transaction between a corporation and one or more of its officers
or directors can generally be approved either by the shareholders or by a majority of the directors who do not have an interest in the
transaction. 

Neither Canadian law nor our Articles or bylaws
limit the right of a non-resident to hold or vote our common shares, other than as provided in the Investment Canada Act (the Investment
Act ), as amended by the World Trade Organization Agreement Implementation Act (the WTOA Act ). The Investment Act
generally prohibits implementation of a direct reviewable investment in a Canadian business, as defined in the Investment Act, by an individual,
government or agency thereof, corporation, partnership, trust or joint venture that is not a Canadian, as defined in the
Investment Act (a non-Canadian ), unless, after review, the Minister responsible for the Investment Act is satisfied that
the investment is likely to be of net benefit to Canada. An investment in our common shares by a non-Canadian (other than a WTO
Investor, as defined below) would be reviewable under the Investment Act if it were an investment to directly acquire control of
our company, and the value of our assets were CDN 5.0 million or more (provided that immediately prior to the implementation of the investment
in our company, it was not controlled by WTO Investors). An investment in our common shares by a WTO Investor (or by a non- Canadian other
than a WTO Investor if, immediately prior to the implementation of the investment our company was controlled by WTO Investors) would be
reviewable under the Investment Act if it were an investment to directly acquire control and the value of our assets or our enterprise
value was equal to or exceeded certain threshold amounts determined on an annual basis. 

The threshold for a pre-closing net benefit review
depends on whether the purchaser is: (a) controlled by a person or entity from a member of the WTO; (b) a state-owned enterprise (SOE);
or (c) from a country considered a Trade Agreement Investor under the Investment Act. A different threshold also applies
if the Canadian business carries on a cultural business. 

The 2021 threshold for WTO investors that are
state-owned enterprises SOEs ), as defined in the Investment Act, will be CDN 415 million based on the book value of the
Canadian business assets. 

The 2021 thresholds for review for direct acquisitions
of control of a publicly-traded Canadian entity by private sector investor WTO investors (CDN 1.043 billion) and private sector trade
agreement investors (CDN 1.565 billion) are both based on the enterprise value of the Canadian business being acquired,
where the enterprise value is the target s market capitalization, plus total liabilities (less operating liabilities), minus cash
and cash equivalents. 

A non-Canadian, whether a WTO Investor or otherwise,
would be deemed to acquire control of our company for purposes of the Investment Act if he or she acquired a majority of our common shares.
The acquisition of less than a majority, but at least one-third of the shares, would be presumed to be an acquisition of control of our
company, unless it could be established that we are not controlled in fact by the acquirer through the ownership of the shares. In general,
an individual is a WTO Investor if he or she is a national of a country (other than Canada) that is a member of the WTO WTO Member or has a right of permanent residence in a WTO Member. A corporation or other entity will be a WTO Investor 
if it is a WTO Investor-controlled entity, pursuant to detailed rules set out in the Investment Act. The U.S. is a WTO Member.
Certain transactions involving our common shares would be exempt from the Investment Act, including (i) an acquisition of our common shares
if the acquisition were made in connection with the person s business as a trader or dealer in securities; (ii) an acquisition of
control of our company in connection with the realization of a security interest granted for a loan or other financial assistance and
not for any purpose related to the provisions of the Investment Act; and (iii) an acquisition of control of our company by reason of an
amalgamation, merger, consolidation or corporate reorganization, following which the ultimate direct or indirect control of our company,
through the ownership of voting interests, remains unchanged. Under U.S. law, except in limited circumstances, restrictions generally
are not imposed on the ability of non- residents to hold a controlling interest in a U.S. corporation. 

The Canadian government may review and prohibit
any level of investment by a non-Canadian in a Canadian business if it determines that the investment may be injurious to national
security . 

36 

We are required to comply with the Exchange
Act s domestic reporting regime and cause us to incur significant legal, accounting and other expenses. 

We are required to comply with all of the periodic
disclosure and current reporting requirements of the Exchange Act applicable to U.S. domestic issuers, which are more detailed and extensive
than the requirements for foreign private issuers. We may also be required to make changes in our corporate governance practices in accordance
with various SEC rules. As a result, we expect that compliance would increase our legal and financial compliance costs and is likely to
make some activities highly time consuming and costly. We also expect that as we are now required to comply with the securities rules
and regulations applicable to U.S. domestic issuers, it would make it more difficult and expensive for us to obtain director and officer
liability insurance, and we may be required to accept reduced coverage or incur substantially higher costs to obtain coverage. These rules
and regulations could also make it more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified members of our Board of Directors. 

We are an emerging growth company within
the meaning of the Securities Act and intend to take advantage of certain reduced reporting requirements . 

We are an emerging growth company, 
as defined in section 2(a)(19) of the Securities Act. For as long as we continue to be an emerging growth company, we may take advantage
of exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies,
including not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act even if we cease
to be a smaller reporting company with annual revenues of less than 100 million, exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding
advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. As an emerging
growth company, we are required to report only two years of financial results and selected financial data compared to three and five years,
respectively, for comparable data reported by other public companies. We may take advantage of these exemptions until we are no longer
an emerging growth company. We will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year: (a) following
the fifth anniversary of the date of the first sale of our common shares pursuant to an effective registration statement filed under the
Securities Act; (b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.07 billion; or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large
accelerated filer, which generally means the market value of our common shares that is held by non-affiliates exceeded 700.0 million
as of the last business day of our most recently completed second fiscal quarter, and (2) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0
billion in non-convertible debt during the prior three-year period. We cannot predict if investors will find our common shares less attractive
because we may rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our common shares less attractive as a result, there may be a less active
trading market for our common shares and the price of our common shares may be more volatile in the event that we decide to make an offering
of our common shares following this direct listing. 

Claims of U.S. civil liabilities may not be enforceable against
us . 

We are incorporated under Canadian law. Certain
members of our Board of Directors and senior management are non- residents of the United States, and many of our assets and the assets
of such persons are located outside the United States. As a result, it may not be possible to serve process on such persons or us in the
United States or to enforce judgments obtained in U.S. courts against them or us based on civil liability provisions of the securities
laws of the United States. As a result, it may not be possible for investors to effect service of process within the United States upon
such persons or to enforce judgments obtained in U.S. courts against them or us, including judgments predicated upon the civil liability
provisions of the U.S. federal securities laws. 

The United States and Canada do not currently
have a treaty providing for recognition and enforcement of judgments (other than arbitration awards) in civil and commercial matters.
Consequently, a final judgment for payment given by a court in the United States, whether or not predicated solely upon U.S. securities
laws, would not automatically be recognized or enforceable in Canada. In addition, uncertainty exists as to whether Canadian courts would
entertain original actions brought in the United States against us or our directors or senior management predicated upon the securities
laws of the United States or any state in the United States. Any final and conclusive monetary judgment for a definite sum obtained against
us in U.S. courts would be treated by the courts of Canada as a cause of action in itself and sued upon as a debt at common law so that
no retrial of the issues would be necessary, provided that certain requirements are met. Whether these requirements are met in respect
of a judgment based upon the civil liability provisions of the U.S. securities laws, including whether the award of monetary damages under
such laws would constitute a penalty, is an issue for the court making such decision. If a Canadian court gives judgment for the sum payable
under a U.S. judgment, the Canadian judgment will be enforceable by methods generally available for this purpose. These methods generally
permit the Canadian court discretion to prescribe the manner of enforcement. 

As a result, U.S. investors may not be able to
enforce against us or our senior management, Board of Directors or certain experts named herein who are residents of Canada or countries
other than the United States any judgments obtained in U.S. courts in civil and commercial matters, including judgments under the U.S.
federal securities laws. 

37 

Our ability to use our net operating losses
and certain other tax attributes may be limited. 

As of August 31, 2020, we had accumulated net
operating losses (NOLs), of approximately CDN 31.0 million. Varying jurisdictional tax codes have restrictions on the use of NOLs, if
a corporation undergoes an ownership change, the corporation s ability to use its pre-change NOLs, R D credits
and other pre-change tax attributes to offset its post-change income may be limited. An ownership change is generally defined as a greater
than 50 change in equity ownership. Based upon an analysis of our equity ownership, we do not believe that we have experienced such
ownership changes and therefore our annual utilization of our NOLs is not limited. However, should we experience additional ownership
changes, our NOL carry forwards may be limited. 

We may be subject to liability for failure
to comply with the requirements of Regulation 14A under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 

Through inadvertence, we did not comply with the
requirements of Regulation 14A under the Exchange Act in connection with the annual and special meeting of our shareholders held on December
13, 2019 (the Meeting ). In particular: (a) the proxy statement prepared by our management complied with applicable Canadian proxy
rules but failed to meet the form and disclosure requirements for proxy statements prescribed by Schedule 14A under the Exchange Act;
(b) since item 4 of the agenda for the Meeting (approval of our Company s advance notice by-law) and agenda item 5 (approval of
a proposed consolidation (reverse split) of our outstanding common shares) are not among the routine matters excepted from Exchange Act
Rule 14a-6, we were required but failed to file a preliminary copy of the proxy statement with the United States Securities and Exchange
Commission at least 10 calendar days prior to the date on which the definitive proxy statement was sent to our Company s shareholders,
and thereby failed to give Staff at the SEC an opportunity to review and comment on the proxy statement; and (c) we proceeded under the
Canadian notice-and-access rules for electronic posting of proxy materials rather than in compliance with Rule 14a-16 under
the Exchange Act. In addition, we failed to timely comply with its obligation to file a current report on Form 8-K reporting on the results
of the Meeting no later than December 19, 2019 (being the fourth business day following the date of the Meeting). 

As a result of our failure to comply with Regulation
14A, the SEC may bring an enforcement action or commence litigation against us. If any claims or actions were to be brought against us
relating to our lack of compliance with Regulation 14A, we could be subject to penalties, required to pay fines, make damages payments
or settlement payments. In addition, any claims or actions could force us to expend significant financial resources to defend ourselves,
could divert the attention of our management from our core business and could harm our reputation. However, we believe that the potential
for any claims or actions is not probable. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 

Not applicable. 

ITEM 2. Properties 

Our registered office address in Canada is Suite
6000, 1 First Canadian Place, 100 King Street West, Toronto, Ontario M5X 1E2, Canada. Our principal executive offices are located at 15315
W. Magnolia Blvd, #120, Sherman Oaks, California 91403. The monthly base rent is 5,089 for the approximately 2,196 square foot premises
and the lease term is five years. 

As of August 31, 2021, TMC Capital and POSR held
the exclusive right to mine, extract and produce oil and associated hydrocarbons and minerals from oil sands containing heavy oil and
bitumen under mineral leases covering approximately 1,671,91 acres near Temple Mountain in the Asphalt Ridge area in Uintah County, Utah,
including approximately 320 acres held under the TMC Mineral Sublease and an additional 1,351.91 acres held under three Temple Mountain
SITLA Leases. In 2019, TMC Capital acquired the operating rights under five BLM Leases covering lands consisting of approximately 5,960
acres situated in Uintah, Wayne and Garfield Counties, Utah. We have recently completed the construction and initial expansion of our
Asphalt Ridge Plant, which currently covers an area of approximately 20,000 square feet and is located on three acres of land within the
lands included within the TMC Mineral Sublease in Uintah County, Utah. 

More recently, TMC Capital, POSR and Valkor entered
into a reciprocal assignment exchange agreement dated October 15, 2021, under which (1) TMC and POSR assigned to Valkor all of their rights
and interests in the TMC Mineral Lease (and the Short-Term Mining Lease held by Valkor) and in the Temple Mountain SITLA Lease, and (2)
Valkor assigned to TMC Capital all of its rights and interests (including the record lease title and operating rights) in the Asphalt
Ridge NW Leases consisting of three Utah state mineral leases located in the Asphalt Ridge Northwest area of Uintah County, Utah. Under
this agreement, once the exchange of SITLA Leases is approved by SITLA, Petroteq (acting through TMC Capital) will hold three new SITLA
Leases encompassing approximately 3,458.22 acres in an area called Asphalt Ridge Northwest . 

In addition, under other agreements entered
into between or among TMC Capital, POSR and Valkor in October 2021, (a) Valkor granted to TMC Capital the right to participate, up
to a 50 working interest, in all exploratory, mining and production operations conducted by Valkor under its Short-Term Mining
Lease encompassing the acreage that is subject to the TMC Mineral Sublease, and (b) TMC Capital granted to Valkor the operating
rights in at or below 500 feet below the surface under the Asphalt Ridge NW Leases, with TMC Capital reserving the right to
participate, at up to a 50 working interest, in all exploratory and production operations conducted by Valkor in deeper (below 500
feet subsurface or more) oil sands deposits and reservoirs. 

With the recent reciprocal exchange of mineral
leases by TMC Capital, POSR and Valkor, Petroteq (through POSR) will continue to own the Asphalt Ridge Plant in the Temple Mountain area
of Asphalt Ridge. In addition, it is anticipated that Petroteq (acting through TMC Capital) and Valkor will, during the ensuing year,
will determine whether a new 5,000 BPD oil sands processing plant utilizing Petroteq s Clean Oil Recovery Technology should be
constructed and operated on lands covered by the Asphalt Ridge NW Leases. 

38 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 

Legal Matters 

On December 27, 2018, the Company executed and
delivered: (i) a Settlement Agreement (the Settlement Agreement with Redline Capital Management S.A. Redline and Momentum Asset Partners II, LLC; (ii) a secured promissory note payable to Redline in the principal amount of 6,000,000 (the Note with a maturity date of 27 December 2020, bearing interest at 10 per annum; and (iii) a Security Agreement (together with the Settlement
Agreement and the Note, the Redline Agreements among the Company, Redline, and TMC, an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary
of the Company. 

After undertaking an in-depth analysis of the
Redline Agreements in the context of the underlying transactions and events, special legal counsel to the Company has opined that the
Redline Agreements are likely void and unenforceable. 

The Company s special legal counsel regards
the possibility of Redline s success in pursuing any claims against the Company or TMC under the Redline Agreements as less than
reasonably possible and therefore no provision has been raised against these claims. 

The Company is currently evaluating the options
and remedies that are available to it to ensure that the Redline Agreements are declared as void or are rescinded and extinguished. 

From time to time, we are the subject of litigation
arising out of our normal course of operations. While we assess the merits of each lawsuit and defends itself accordingly, we may be required
to incur significant expenses or devote significant resources to defend ourselves against such litigation. Accruals are made in instances
where it is probable that liabilities may be incurred and where such liabilities can be reasonably estimated. Except as disclosed in this
paragraph, there are no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened
of which we are aware), which may have, or have had during the 12 months prior to the date of this registration statement, a significant
effect on our and/or our financial position or profitability. Although it is possible that liabilities may be incurred in instances for
which no accruals have been made, management has no reason to believe that the ultimate outcome of these matters would have a significant
impact on our consolidated financial position. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

We will commence open cast mining at our TMC sites
once our plant is fully operational. In terms of the additional disclosure required, we provide the following information. 

1. TMC Mining Operations: 

TMC Capital s mining operations
are conducted primarily at Asphalt Ridge Mine #1, which is located on lands covered by the TMC Mineral Sublease in the Temple Mountain
area of Utah s Asphalt Ridge, an area located along the northern edge of the Uintah Basin and containing oil sands deposits located
at or near the surface, particularly the acreage located in T5S-R22E (Section 31) where Asphalt Ridge Mine #1 is located. 

(i) The total number of violations
of mandatory health or safety standards that could significantly and substantially contribute to the cause and effect of a mine safety
or health hazard under section 104 of the Federal Mine Safety and Health Act of 1977 (30 U.S.C. 814) for which the operator received
a citation from the Mine Safety and Health Administration. 

None. 

(ii) The total number of orders issued
under section 104(b) of such Act (30 U.S.C. 814(b)). 

None. 

(iii) The total number of citations
and orders for unwarrantable failure of the mine operator to comply with mandatory health or safety standards under section
104(d) of such Act (30 U.S.C. 814(d)).4. 

None. 

(iv) The total number of flagrant
violations under section 110(b)(2) of such Act (30 U.S.C. 820(b)(2)). 

None. 

39 

(v) The total number of imminent
danger orders issued under section 107(a) of such Act (30 U.S.C. 817(a)). 

None. 

(vi) The total dollar value of proposed
assessments from the Mine Safety and Health Administration under such Act (30 U.S.C. 801 et seq.). 

None. 

(vii) The total number of mining-related
fatalities. 

None. 

(viii) Written notifications received
of: 

a) A pattern of violations
of mandatory health or safety standards that are of such nature as could have significantly and substantially contributed to the cause
and effect of coal or other mine health or safety hazards under section 104(e) of such Act (30 U.S.C. 814(e)); or 

None 

b) The potential to have such
a pattern. 

None, that
we are aware of. 

c) Any pending legal action
before the Federal Mine Safety and Health Review Commission involving such mine. 

None 

40 

PART II. 

Item 5. Market Price Of, And Dividends On The
Registrant s Common Equity And Related Stockholder Matters. 

Our common shares are listed on the TSX Venture
Exchange (the TSXV under the symbol PQE.V . 

At December 10, 2021, there were approximately 261 holders of record
of our common shares. 

Since inception, no dividends have been paid on
the common shares. We intend to retain any earnings for use in its business activities, so it is not expected that any dividends on the
common shares will be declared and paid in the foreseeable future. 

As at August 31, 2021, there were 564,159,881
common shares issued and outstanding, which are listed for trading on the TSXV, share purchase warrants to purchase 73,148,824 common
shares were outstanding and share purchase options to purchase 7,250,000 common shares were outstanding under the 2019 Option Plan (or
its predecessors plans). See Item 6.B Compensation Stock Plan for additional information regarding the 2019
Option Plan (or its predecessors plans). 

Transfer Agent and Registrar 

The transfer agent and registrar for our common
stock is Computershare Trust Company of Canada. 

Equity Compensation Plan Information 

See Item 11 Executive Compensation for equity
compensation plan information. 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 

Sales of unregistered securities have been disclosed
previously in the Company s Current Reports on Form 8-K, as filed with the SEC. 

Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

There were no issuer purchases of equity securities
during the fiscal year ended August 31, 2021. 

Performance Graph and Purchases of Equity Securities 

The Company is a smaller reporting company as
defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and is not required to provide the information required under this item. 

Item 6. Selected Financial Data 

The Company is a smaller reporting company as
defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and is not required to provide the information required under this item. 

41 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations 

Results of Operations for the years ended August
31, 2021 and August 31, 2020 

Net Revenue, Cost of Sales and Gross Loss 

The Company entered into a Management and Operations
Services Agreement with Valkor LLC on November 20, 2020, effective May 1, 2020. Valkor is an energy services company with expertise in
oil and gas processing providing engineering, design optimization and construction as well as other services. Valkor has effected several
process improvements to the Asphalt Ridge Plant and has optimized workflows. The Plant suspended operations in August 2021 but we anticipate
a re-start of operations in February-March 2022. 

During the current period, the Company
entered into a Technology License Agreement with Valkor whereby Valkor paid 2,000,000 for a non-exclusive license to the Petroteq
Oil Sands Recovery Technology. Since the Company has no obligation to deliver any technology or know-how on an ongoing basis to
Valkor, therefore the revenue is recognizable immediately. 

There has been no sale of hydrocarbon products
during the year ended August 31, 2021 and minimal sales of 290,809 for the year ended August 31, 2020. Revenue represents the sale of
hydrocarbon products for use as asphalt and to refineries that require or accept the commercial quality of our hydrocarbon products. 

The cost of sales during the years ended August
31, 2021 and 2020 consists of: a) advance royalty payments which could be applied against production royalties for two years after the
year in which the payment was made, the remaining balance of the advanced royalties were expensed during the prior year due to the termination
of the TMC Mineral Lease; and b) certain production related expenses consisting of labor and maintenance expenditure. 

Expenses 

Expenses was 9,382,891 and 9,968,209 were incurred
during the years ended August 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively, a decrease of 585,318 or 5.9 . The decrease in operating expenses is primarily
due to: 

Depletion, depreciation and amortization 

Depletion, depreciation and amortization was 45,810
and 103,888 for the years ended August 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively, a decrease of 58,078 or 55.9 . The Company has ceased depletion,
depreciation and amortization on production related assets and reserves until such time as the plant recommences operations, which is
expected to occur as soon as the plant becomes operational under the Valkor Management and operations Services Agreement. The decrease
in depreciation expense is primarily related to the depreciation of office leasehold improvements during the prior fiscal year. 

Selling, general and administrative expenses 

Selling, general and administrative expenses of
 4,218,624 and 6,183,745 for the years ended August 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively, a decrease of 1,965,121 or 31.8 . Included in selling,
general and administrative expenses are the following major expenses: 

a. 
 Investor relations and public relations fees were 45,000 and (92,179) for the years ended August 31, 2021 and 2020, an increase of 137,179 or 148.8 . The increase is primarily related to unfulfilled commitments by our investor relations and public relations vendors, resulting in the reversal of accrued expenses in the prior period and management concentrating its efforts and resources on developing a commercial strategy and plant analysis to determine the most appropriate course of action. 

b. 
 Professional fees were 1,596,754 and 2,614,540 for the years ended August 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively, a decrease of 1,017,786 or 38.9 . The decrease is primarily due to lower consulting expenses incurred on strategy and marketing efforts as we focused all of our attention on a commercial strategy and plant analysis to determine the most appropriate course of action. 

42 

c. 
 Salaries and wages were 350,478 and 1,043,647 for the years ended August 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively, a decrease of 693,169 or 66.4 . The decrease is due to outsourcing of the operating site to a third party during the prior year. 

d. 
 Share based compensation was 603,244 and 887,818 for the years ended August 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively, a decrease of 284,574 or 32.1 . The decrease is related to the prior year resignation of certain officers and directors and the expiration of option awards granted to them, resulting in the cessation of amortization related to those option awards and the full amortization of the remaining options outstanding which are now fully vested. 

e. 
 Travel and promotional expenses were 700,724 and 713,662 for the years ended August 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively, a decrease of 12,938 or 1.8 . The decrease is insignificant and the expense includes some promotional expenditure incurred in the fourth quarter of the current year as management considers its strategy to commercialize the operation and its strategy to achieve this. 

f. 
 Other expenses were 922,424 and 1,016,257 for the years ended August 31, 2021and 2020, respectively, a decrease of 93,833 or 9.2 . The decrease is due to a reduction in general corporate overhead. 

Financing costs 

Financing costs were 4,727,580 and 2,671,611 for the years ended
August 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively, an increase of 2,055,969 or 77.0 . Finance costs consists of; (i)interest expense on borrowings
of 1,820,459 and 1,256,985 for the years ended August 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively, an increase of 563,474, primarily attributable
to penalty interest incurred on the Bay Private equity debt which was assigned to Bellridge during the current year of which a portion
was converted to equity; and (ii) amortization of debt discount of 2,907,121 and 1,414,626 for the years ended August 31,2021 and 2020,
respectively, an increase of 1,492,495 or 105.5 . primarily due to new debt issued during the current fiscal period with beneficial conversion
features and warrants attached thereto, resulting in a substantial debt discount being recorded and amortized over the debt term. 

Impairment of investments 

Impairment of investments was 0 and 75,000 for
the years ended August 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. In the prior period the remaining commitment to fund our dormant Bitcoin operation
was provided for upon settlement of our obligation. 

Other expense (income), net 

Other expenses (income), net were 1,563,902 and
 746,564 for the years ended August 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively, an increase of 817,338 and represents the following: 

a. 
 Loss (gain) on settlement of liabilities was 48,283 and (524,971) for the years ended August 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively, an increase of 1,290,592. In the current fiscal year we settled debt We settled debt of 3,570,688 by the issuance of shares during the current fiscal year, realizing a small loss on settlement of 48,2383 in the prior year we settled debt of 2,533,655 by the issuance of shares, realizing a gain on settlement due to the difference between the agree per share settlement price and the market price of the shares on the date of settlement. In the prior year we incurred a loss on settlement due to the difference between the agree per share settlement price and the market price of the shares on the date of settlement. 

b. 
 Loss on conversion of convertible debt was 1,033,921 and 744,918 for the years ended August 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. During the current year and prior year several convertible notes with variable conversion rates were converted to equity at a discount to current market prices, resulting in a loss on conversion. 

43 

c. 
 Loss (gain on debt extinguishment was 416,480 and (54,378) for the years ended August 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. During the current year, we renegotiated the terms of several convertible notes, thereby realizing a loss on extinguishment of these notes of 416,480. In the prior year the gain was related to the amendment of terms related to certain of our debt obligations to remedy potential note defaults. 

d. 
 Penalty on convertible notes was 202,908 and 610,312 for the years ended August 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. During the current year three notes were renegotiated resulting in a penalty increase in the principal balance of the note outstanding in the aggregate sum of 202,908. During the prior year a convertible note with an aggregate principal amount outstanding of 2,900,000 enforced a default penalty, resulting in an increase in the face value of the note by 610,312 as of the date of the default, this note was subsequently assigned to a third party and amended to rectify the maturity date default. 

e. 
 Forgiveness of federal relief loans was 133,890 and 0 for the years ended August 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The company applied for forgiveness of three Payroll Protection Program PPP loan during the current year of which one was approved prior to year end and a second approved subsequent to year end. 

a. 
 Interest income on funds advanced to third parties was 3,800 and 29,317 for the years ended August 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively, a decrease of 25,517. The decrease is primarily due to the lower balances due to the Company from third parties during the current year. 

Derivate liability movements 

Derivative liability movements was (1,173,025)
and 187,401 for the years ended August 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. During the current year, several variable conversion price convertible
notes were converted into equity or repaid, thereby reducing the number of convertible notes subject to derivative liabilities. The New
convertible notes that the Company has entered into are predominantly at fixed conversion prices. 

Net loss before income taxes 

Net loss before income tax was 9,474,243 and
 12,379,067 for the years ended August 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively, a decrease of 2,904,824 or 23.5 , primarily due to the revenue
received from licensing fees, the reduction in selling, general and administrative expenses, the positive movement in derivative liabilities,
offset by the increase in financing costs and other expense. As discussed above. 

Net loss and comprehensive loss 

Net loss and comprehensive loss was 9,474,243
and 12,379,067 for the years ended August 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively, a decrease of 2,904,824 or 23.5 , as discussed above. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

As at August 31, 2021, the Company had liquidity
of approximately 1,012,929, which is composed entirely of cash. The Company also had a working capital deficiency of approximately 6,264,427,
due primarily to increase in accounts payable, convertible debentures, related party advances made to the Company and the value of the
derivative liability as of August 31, 2021. To date, we have not generated sufficient revenue to support our operating and general
and administrative expenses. During the year ended August 31, 2021, we raised 3,496,949 in private placements, 635,706 in warrants exercised
by investors, a further net proceeds of 3,936,402 from convertible debt and a further 267,716 from Federal relief loans. These funds
were primarily used to fund operational expenditure and investments into the oil extraction technology during the current year. 

The Company continues to work on several other
financing options to secure additional financing on reasonable terms. However, should the Company not be able to secure such funding its
liquidity may not be sufficient to fund its operations, debt obligations, obligations under its mineral leases and the capital needed
to complete development of its Extraction Technology. 

The Company has not paid any dividends on its
common shares. The Company has no present intention of paying dividends on its common shares as it anticipates that all available funds
will be reinvested to finance the growth of its business. 

44 

Capital Expenditures 

The Company has spent an additional 5,512,715 on capital expenditure
during the current year of which We have spent an additional 2,408,515 was settled in cash and a further 3,104,200 was settled by the
issuance of common shares. 

The company is currently considering its options on utilizing the oil
extraction plant to generate revenues and determining the feasibility of constructing new plants with substantial production capability,
however at significant cost, estimated to be in excess of 100 million. 

Other Commitments and Contingencies 

In addition to commitments otherwise reported
in this MD A, the Company s contractual obligations as at August 31, 2021, include: 

Contractual cash flows 

Carrying 
 
 1 year 
 
 More than 
 
 (in 000s of dollars) 
 amount 
 Total 
 or less 
 2 - 5 years 
 5 years 
 
 Accounts payable 
 2,106 
 2,106 
 2,106 
 - 
 - 
 
 Accrued liabilities 
 1,565 
 1,565 
 1,565 
 - 
 - 
 
 Convertible debenture 
 6,148 
 12,084 
 6,690 
 5,394 
 - 
 
 Finance lease liabilities 
 75 
 81 
 81 
 - 
 - 
 
 Operating lease liabilities 
 167 
 195 
 63 
 132 
 - 
 
 Federal relief loans 
 728 
 1,070 
 292 
 53 
 725 

10,789 
 17,101 
 10,797 
 5,579 
 725 

Legal Matters 

On December 27, 2018, the Company executed and
delivered: (i) a Settlement Agreement (the Settlement Agreement with Redline Capital Management S.A. Redline and Momentum Asset Partners II, LLC; (ii) a secured promissory note payable to Redline in the principal amount of 6,000,000 (the Note with a maturity date of 27 December 2020, bearing interest at 10 per annum; and (iii) a Security Agreement (together with the Settlement
Agreement and the Note, the Redline Agreements among the Company, Redline, and TMC Capital, LLC TMC ), an
indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. 

After undertaking an in-depth analysis of the
Redline Agreements in the context of the underlying transactions and events, special legal counsel to the Company has opined that the
Redline Agreements are likely void and unenforceable. 

The Company s special legal counsel regards
the possibility of Redline s success in pursuing any claims against the Company or TMC under the Redline Agreements as less than
reasonably possible and therefore no provision has been raised against these claims. 

The Company is currently evaluating the options
and remedies that are available to it to ensure that the Redline Agreements are declared as void or are rescinded and extinguished. 

Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements 

The recent Accounting Pronouncements
are fully disclosed in note 2 to our consolidated financial statements. 

Management does not believe
that any other recently issued but not yet effective accounting pronouncements, if adopted, would have an effect on the accompanying unaudited
condensed consolidated financial statements. 

Off-balance sheet arrangements 

We do not maintain off-balance
sheet arrangements, nor do we participate in non-exchange traded contracts requiring fair value accounting treatment. 

Inflation 

The effect of inflation on
our revenue and operating results was not significant. 

Climate Change 

We believe that neither climate
change, nor governmental regulations related to climate change, have had, or are expected to have, any material effect on our operations. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures
About Market Risk 

The Company is a smaller reporting company as
defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and is not required to provide the information required under this item. 

45 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplemental Data 

Page 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 F-2 
 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 F-3 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 F-4 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Deficit 
 F-5 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 F-6 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-7 

F- 1 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting
Firm 

To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors
of Petroteq Energy Inc. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated
statements of financial position of Petroteq Energy Inc. (the Company as of August 31, 2021 and 2020, the related
consolidated statements of loss and comprehensive loss, changes in shareholders equity and cash flows for each
of the two years in the period ended August 31, 2021, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). 

In our opinion, the financial statements present
fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of August 31, 2021 and 2020, and the results
of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the two year period ended August 31, 2021, in conformity with U.S.
generally accepted accounting principles . 

Going Concern 

The accompanying financial statements have been
prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the financial statements, the Company has
had recurring losses from operations and has a net capital deficiency, which raises substantial doubt about its ability to continue as
a going concern. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our
audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable
rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the
financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we
engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s
control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. 

We believe that our audits provide a reasonable
basis for our opinion. 

/s/ Hay Watson 

Chartered Professional Accountants 

Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada 

December 14, 2021 

We have served as the Company s independent
auditor since 2012 

F- 2 

PETROTEQ ENERGY, INC. 

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

As at August 31, 2021 and 2020 

Expressed in US dollars 

Notes 
 August 31, 2021 
 August 31, 2020 

ASSETS 

Current assets 

Cash 

Trade and other receivables 
 4 

Ore inventory 
 5 

Other inventory 

Current portion of notes receivable 
 6 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 
 1,8 

Total Current Assets 

Non-Current assets 

Mineral leases 
 9 

Property, plant and equipment 
 10 

Right of use asset 
 11 

Intangible assets 
 12 

Total Non-Current Assets 

Total Assets 

LIABILITIES 

Current liabilities 

Accounts payable 
 13 

Accrued expenses 
 13 

Ore Sale advances 

Promissory notes payable 
 14 

Debt 
 15 
 - 

Current portion of convertible debentures, net of discount of and , respectively 
 16 

Current portion of Federal relief loans 
 17 

Current portion of finance lease liabilities 
 11 

Current portion of operating lease liabilities 
 11 

Related party payables 
 24 

Derivative liability 
 18 

Total Current Liabilities 

Non-Current liabilities 

Convertible debentures, net of discount of and , respectively 
 16 

Federal relief loans 
 17 

Finance lease liabilities 
 11 
 -

Operating lease liabilities 
 11 

Reclamation and restoration provision 
 17 

Total Non-Current Liabilities 

Total Liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies 
 31 

SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 

Share capital 
 20,21,22 

Deficit 

Total Shareholders Equity 

Total Liabilities and Shareholders Equity 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these consolidated financial statements 

F- 3 

PETROTEQ ENERGY, INC. 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF LOSS AND COMPREHENSIVE
LOSS 

For the years ended August 31, 2021 and 2020 

Expressed in US dollars 

Notes 
 Year ended August 31, 2021 
 Year ended August 31, 2020 

Revenue from licensing fees 

-

Revenues from hydrocarbon sales 
 
 -

Production and maintenance costs 

Advance royalty payments applied or expired 
 7 
 -

Gross Loss 

Expenses 

Depreciation, depletion and amortization 
 10 

Selling, general and administrative expenses 
 26 

Financing costs 
 27 

Impairment of investments 
 25 
 -

Other expenses (income), net 
 28 

Derivative liability movements 
 18 

Total Expenses, net 

Net loss before income taxes 

Income tax expense 
 
 -
 
 -

Net loss and Comprehensive loss 

Weighted Average Number of Shares Outstanding 

Basic and Diluted Loss per Share 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these consolidated financial statements 

F- 4 

PETROTEQ ENERGY, INC. 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS 
EQUITY 

For the years ended August 31, 2021 and 2020 

Expressed in US dollars 

Number of Shares 
 Share 
 
 Shareholders 

Outstanding 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Equity 
 
 Balance at August 31, 2019 

Settlement of acquisition obligation 

-

Settlement of liabilities 

-

Settlement of debt 

-

Settlement of related party payables 

-

Common share subscriptions 

-

Share-based payments 

-

Share-based compensation 
 - 
 
 -

Conversion of convertible debt 

-

Beneficial conversion feature on debt extinguishment 
 - 
 
 -

Fair value of convertible debt warrants issued 
 - 
 
 -

Net loss 
 - 
 -

Balance at August 31, 2020 

Conversion of convertible debt 

-

Settlement of liabilities 

-

Common shares subscriptions 

-

Warrants exercised 

-

Share based payments 

-

Share-based compensation 
 - 
 
 -

Fair value of convertible debt warrants issued 
 - 
 
 -

Fair value of beneficial conversion feature of convertible notes issued 
 - 
 
 -

Net loss 

Balance at August 31, 2021 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these consolidated financial statements 

F- 5 

PETROTEQ ENERGY, INC. 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For the years ended August 31, 2021 and 2020 

Expressed in US dollars 

Year ended August 31, 2021 
 Year ended August 31, 2020 

Cash flow used for operating activities: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities 

Depreciation, depletion and amortization 

Amortization of debt discount 

Loss on conversion of debt 

Penalty on convertible debt 

Loss (gain) on debt extinguishment 

Loss (gain) on share based settlements 

Impairment of investments 
 -

Share-based compensation 

Shares issued for services 

Shares issued to settle liabilities 
 -

Non-cash compensation expense 
 -

Derivative liability movement 

Forgiveness of federal relief loan 
 
 -

Non-cash amortization of advanced royalty payments 
 -

Other 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Accounts receivable 

Accrued expenses 

Prepaid expenses and deposits 

Inventory 

Net cash used for operating activities 

Cash flows used for investing activities: 

Purchase and construction of property and equipment 

Mineral rights deposits paid 
 -

Investment in notes receivable 
 -

Proceeds from notes receivable 
 -

Advance royalty payments - net 
 -

Net cash used for investing activities 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Advances from related parties 
 -

Repayments to related parties 

Proceeds on private equity placements 

Proceeds from warrants exercised 
 
 - 
 
 Payments of debt 

Payment of finance lease liability 

Proceeds from convertible debt 

Repayment of convertible debt 

Proceeds from promissory notes 

Repayment of promissory notes 
 
 -

Proceeds from Federal relief loans 

Net cash from financing activities 

Increase in cash 

Cash, beginning of the period 

Cash, end of the period 

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: 

Cash paid for interest 

Non-cash financing and investing activities: 

Value of warrants issued to convertible debt holders 

Beneficial conversion feature on debt extinguishment 
 - 

Beneficial conversion feature of convertible debt issued 
 
 -

Shares issued on conversion of convertible debt 

Shares issued to settle debt 

Shares issued to settle related party payables 
 -

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these consolidated financial statements 

F- 6 

PETROTEQ ENERGY INC. 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

For the years ended August 31, 2021 and 2020 

Expressed
in US dollars 

On or about August 10, 2020, the TMC Mineral Lease
in its original form was terminated and a new Short-Term Mining Lease, dated the same date, was entered into between Asphalt Ridge, Inc.,
as lessor, and Valkor, as lessee. Valkor and TMC Capital thereafter entered into a Short-Term Mining and Mineral Sublease dated August
20, 2020, in which all of Valkor s rights and interests under the Short-Term Mining Lease were subleased to TMC Capital. 

days prior to the expiration of the original or renewal
term. The company will reimburse Valkor for all costs and expenses incurred, as defined in the agreement, plus a Personnel Management
Fee of of the personnel costs and expenses and an operations Management Fee of of the operations costs and expenses. 

F- 7 

working interest, in all exploratory, mining and production operations conducted by Valkor under its Short-Term Mining Lease
encompassing the acreage that is subject to the TMC Mineral Sublease, and (b) TMC Capital granted to Valkor the operating rights in at
or below 500 feet below the surface under the Asphalt Ridge NW Leases, with TMC Capital reserving the right to participate, at up to a
 working interest, in all exploratory and production operations conducted by Valkor in deeper (below 500 feet subsurface or more) oil
sands deposits and reservoirs. 

F- 8 

PETROTEQ ENERGY INC. 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

For the years ended August 31, 2021 and 2020 

Expressed
in US dollars 

Petroteq Energy CA, Inc. 

Petroteq Oil Recovery, LLC (Previously Petroteq Oil Sands Recovery, LLC) 

TMC Capital, LLC 

Petrobloq, LLC 

as of March 1, 2017 and the results of Accord were deconsolidated from that
date. As of August 31, 2020, the Company has impaired of the remaining investment in Accord due to inactivity and a lack of adequate
investment in Accord to progress to commercial production and viability. 

F- 9 

PETROTEQ ENERGY INC. 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

For the years ended August 31, 2021 and 2020 

Expressed
in US dollars 

2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING
POLICIES (continued) 

F- 10 

PETROTEQ ENERGY INC. 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

For the years ended August 31, 2021 and 2020 

Expressed
in US dollars 

2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING
POLICIES (continued) 

(e) Revenue recognition (continued) 

F- 11 

PETROTEQ ENERGY INC. 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

For the years ended August 31, 2021 and 2020 

Expressed
in US dollars 

2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING
POLICIES (continued) 

likelihood of being realized
upon ultimate settlement. Accordingly, the Company would report a liability for unrecognized tax benefits resulting from uncertain tax
positions taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. The Company elects to recognize any interest and penalties, if any, related to
unrecognized tax benefits in tax expense. 

F- 12 

PETROTEQ ENERGY INC. 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

For the years ended August 31, 2021 and 2020 

Expressed
in US dollars 

2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING
POLICIES (continued) 

F- 13 

PETROTEQ ENERGY INC. 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

For the years ended August 31, 2021 and 2020 

Expressed
in US dollars 

2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING
POLICIES (continued) 

(l) Oil and gas property and
equipment (continued) 

F- 14 

PETROTEQ ENERGY INC. 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

For the years ended August 31, 2021 and 2020 

Expressed
in US dollars 

2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING
POLICIES (continued) 

, (August 31, 2020 - and working capital
(deficiency) of (August 31, 2020 - ). These consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the basis that
the Company will be able to realize its assets and discharge its liabilities in the normal course of business. The ability of the Company
to continue as a going concern is dependent on obtaining additional financing, which it is currently in the process of obtaining. There
is a risk that additional financing will not be available on a timely basis or on terms acceptable to the Company. These consolidated
financial statements do not reflect the adjustments or reclassifications that would be necessary if the Company were unable to continue
operations in the normal course of business. 

F- 15 

PETROTEQ ENERGY INC. 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

For the years ended August 31, 2021 and 2020 

Expressed
in US dollars 

interest in TMC Capital LLC TMC ), which through a sub-lease with Valkor, LLC Valkor held the rights
to mine ore from the Asphalt Ridge deposit, refer subsequent events note 34. The mining and crushing of the bituminous sands has been
contracted to an independent third party. 

(2020 - ), was recorded as the cost of the crushed ore inventory. 

Deweast Limited 
 
 -

-

Unhide Inc 
 
 -

-

Interest accrued 

Disclosed as follows: 

Current portion 

pursuant to a promissory note on March 16, 2017. The note, which bears interest at per annum, matured on . The Note has reached its maturity date, management has undertaken to enter into a new agreement or extend the terms of the existing
agreement, there have been no successful negotiations to date. 

to Deweast,
maturing on . On or before the maturity date Deweast agreed to repay the Company . In the event that Deweast fails
to repay the amount due on maturity date the full balance owing at maturity will accrue interest at per annum until paid in full. 

to Unhid, maturing
on . On or before the maturity date Unhide agreed to repay the Company . In the event that Unhide fails to repay
the amount due on maturity date the full balance owing at maturity will accrue interest at per annum until paid in full. 

F- 16 

PETROTEQ ENERGY INC. 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

For the years ended August 31, 2021 and 2020 

Expressed
in US dollars 

to the lease holder, of which all had been expensed as of August 31, 2020 due to the termination
of the TMC Mineral Lease as discussed in note 8(a) below. 

The total consideration of has been partially settled by a cash payment of , with the balance
of still outstanding. 

paid during the period July 8, 2021 and August 11, 2021, in terms of the agreements
governing reciprocal assignment of mineral leases dated as of October 15, 2021 under which TMC and POR agreed to; (i) assign all of its
interest in the TMC mineral leases and the short term mining lease dated August 10, 2020 as amended on July 1, 2021, sub-leased from Valkor
and two mineral leases entered into between the State of Utah s School and Institutional Trust Land Administration SITLA ),
as lessor, and POR, as lessee, covering lands in Asphalt Ridge that largely adjoin the lands held under the TMC Mineral Lease and Valkor
agreed to assign to TMC Capital LLC, the record lease title and all of its rights and interest under three SITLA Utah state oil sands
leases located in an area referred to as Asphalt Ridge Northwest in Uintah County Utah. 

F- 17 

PETROTEQ ENERGY INC. 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

For the years ended August 31, 2021 and 2020 

Expressed
in US dollars 

Additions 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

August 31, 2020 

Additions 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

August 31, 2021 

Accumulated Amortization 

August 31, 2019, 2020 and 2021 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Carrying Amounts 

August 31, 2019 

August 31, 2020 

August 31, 2021 

working interest, and (b) in any oil sands processing plant proposed by either party at up to a 
ownership interest in any such plant. 

F- 18 

PETROTEQ ENERGY INC. 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

For the years ended August 31, 2021 and 2020 

Expressed
in US dollars 

9. MINERAL LEASES (continued) 

F- 19 

PETROTEQ ENERGY INC. 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

For the years ended August 31, 2021 and 2020 

Expressed
in US dollars 

9. MINERAL LEASES (continued) 

(a) TMC Mineral Lease (continued) 

on lease commencement, and thereafter per month until expiration of the lease 

of the gross sales revenue received
by Sublessee from the sale of such Bitumen Product at the Property. As used herein, the term Bitumen Product means naturally
occurring oil in the Tar Sands that is sold in whatever form, including run-of-mine, screened, processed, or after the addition of any
additives and/or upgrading of the Bitumen Product 

royalty on the gross value of the product and by-products
sold by the third party or of the gross revenue received by Sublessee from the sale of such products or byproducts, as the case may
be. 

F- 20 

PETROTEQ ENERGY INC. 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

For the years ended August 31, 2021 and 2020 

Expressed
in US dollars 

9. MINERAL LEASES (continued) 

per acre are
due annually each year the lease remains in effect and can be applied against actual production royalties. The advanced royalty is subject
to price adjustment by the lessor after the tenth year of the lease and then at the end of each period of five years thereafter. 

of the market price of marketable product or products produced from the tar sands and sold under arm s length contract of sale.
Production royalties have a minimum of per barrel of produced substance and may be increased by the lessor after the first ten years
of production at a maximum rate of per year and up to . 

The total consideration of was settled by a cash payment of and by the issuance of shares
at an issue price of per share, amounting to . 

settled by the issuance of 
shares at an issue price of per share, amounting to and cash of , of which has not been paid to date. 

Additions 

August 31, 2020 

Additions 
 
 -

August 31, 2021 

Accumulated Amortization 

August 31, 2019 

Additions 
 -

August 31, 2020 

Additions 
 -

August 31, 2021 

Carrying Amount 

August 31, 2019 

August 31, 2020 

August 31, 2021 

F- 21 

PETROTEQ ENERGY INC. 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

For the years ended August 31, 2021 and 2020 

Expressed
in US dollars 

10. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (continued) 

. No borrowing costs were capitalized for the years ended August
31, 2021 and 2020. 

during the fiscal year ended August 31, 2019 which is capitalized to the cost of the plant and will be depreciated
according to our depreciation policy. 

No amortization has been recorded during the 2021 and 2020 fiscal years as there has only been test production during these
years. 

per month with annual escalations during the term of the lease. 

and the operating lease liability was . The Company monitors for events or changes in circumstances that require
a reassessment of our lease. When a reassessment results in the remeasurement of a lease liability, a corresponding adjustment is made
to the carrying amount of the corresponding right-of-use asset unless doing so would reduce the carrying amount of the right-of-use asset
to an amount less than zero. In that case, the amount of the adjustment that would result in a negative right-of-use asset balance is
recorded as a loss in the statement of operations and comprehensive loss. 

, with financial institutions to acquire equipment for the oil extraction
facility. The loans had a term of months and bore interest at rates between and per annum. Principal and interest were paid
in monthly installments. These loans were secured by the acquired assets. 

. An implied interest rate was calculated as based on the timing of the initial repayment of and subsequent
42 monthly instalments of . The terms of the note were renegotiated during June 2020, and the instalments were amended to 
per month due to payments not being made during the pandemic. The promissory note is secured by the crusher. 

F- 22 

PETROTEQ ENERGY INC. 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

For the years ended August 31, 2021 and 2020 

Expressed
in US dollars 

11. LEASES (continued) 

year ARM interest rate at the time of entering into the agreement and compared that rate
to the Company s weighted average cost of funding at the time of entering into the operating lease. The Company determined that was
an appropriate incremental borrowing rate to apply to its real-estate operating lease. 

Right of use assets finance leases, net of depreciation included in property, plant and equipment 

Depreciation of right of use assets 

Interest expense on lease liabilities 

Operating lease expense 

Total lease cost 

F- 23 

PETROTEQ ENERGY INC. 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

For the years ended August 31, 2021 and 2020 

Expressed
in US dollars 

11. LEASES (continued) 

Operating cash flows from operating leases 

Financing cash flows from finance leases 

Right-of -use assets obtained in exchange for new operating leases 
 -

Weighted average remaining lease term finance leases 
 months 
 years 
 
 Weighted average remaining lease term operating leases 
 years 
 years 
 
 Weighted average discount rate finance leases 

Weighted average discount rate operating leases 

1 to 2 years 
 - 

2 to 3 years 
 -
 
 -

Imputed interest 

Total finance lease liability 

Disclosed as: 

Current portion 

Non-current portion 
 -

1 to 2 years 

2 to 3 years 

3 to 4 years 
 - 

Imputed interest 

Total operating lease liability 

Disclosed as: 

Current portion 

Non-current portion 

F- 24 

PETROTEQ ENERGY INC. 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

For the years ended August 31, 2021 and 2020 

Expressed
in US dollars 

Additions 
 -

August 31, 2020 

Additions 
 -

August 31, 2021 

Accumulated Amortization 

August 31, 2019 

Additions 
 -

August 31, 2020 

Additions 
 -

August 31, 2021 

Carrying Amounts 

August 31, 2019 

August 31, 2020 

August 31, 2021 

F- 25 

PETROTEQ ENERGY INC. 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

For the years ended August 31, 2021 and 2020 

Expressed
in US dollars 

-
 
 -

Private lender 
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Private lender 

-

and to the Company, these amounts are non-interest bearing, have no fixed terms of repayment and were repaid during the current
year. 

. The promissory note bears interest at per annum and is repayable
on April 29, 2022. The Company repaid of the outstanding balance as at August 31, 2021. The balance remaining at August 31, 2021
is . 

-

Private lenders 
 
 -

Private lender 
 
 -

-

advance from a private lender bearing interest at per annum and repayable on September 2, 2018. The loan is guaranteed by the Chairman of the Board. During the year ended August 31, 2020 the Company repaid of the principal outstanding and a further during the nine months ended May 31, 2021. On July 6, 2020 in accordance with the terms of a debt settlement agreement entered into, the lender converted into shares at a conversion price of per share. During June 2021, the remaining aggregate principal amount outstanding of , including interest and penalty interest thereon of , was acquired in terms of an Assignment and Purchase of Debt Agreement by Equilibris Management AG. In terms of an Exchange Agreement entered into between the Company and Equilibris Management, the promissory note was exchanged for a Convertible Redeemable Note, bearing interest at per annum, maturing on June 30, 2021 and convertible into common stock at per share. On June 16, 2021, in terms of conversion notice received, the Company issued shares of common stock to Equilibris at a conversion price of per share, thereby extinguishing the note. 

F- 26 

PETROTEQ ENERGY INC. 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

For the years ended August 31, 2021 and 2020 

Expressed
in US dollars 

15. DEBT (continued) 

(a) Private lenders (continued) 

On June 24, 2021, in terms of an Assignment and Purchase of Corporate Debt Agreement entered into, the debt holder assigned the promissory note due to him of CDN , including interest and late payment penalties thereon to Equilibris Management AG. Effective June 30, 2021, the Company entered into a Securities Exchange Agreement with Equilibris Management exchanging the CDN promissory note with a convertible promissory note for US bearing interest at per annum, convertible into shares of common stock at a conversion price of per share and maturing on . On July 1, 2021, in terms of a conversion notice received from Equilibris Management AG, the Company issued shares of common stock converting the aggregate principal amount of , thereby extinguishing the debenture. On June 24, 2021, in terms of an Assignment and Purchase of Corporate Debt Agreement entered into with a debt holder, the debt holder assigned the promissory note due to him of CDN , including interest and late payment penalties thereon to Equilibris Management AG. Effective June 30, 2021, the Company entered into a Securities Exchange Agreement with Equilibris Management exchanging the CDN promissory note with a convertible promissory note for US bearing interest at per annum, convertible into shares of common stock at a conversion price of per share and maturing on . On July 1, 2021, in terms of a conversion notice received from Equilibris Management AG, the Company issued shares of common stock converting the aggregate principal amount of , thereby extinguishing the debenture. (iii) On October 4, 2018, the Company entered into a debenture line of credit of from Bay Private Equity and received an advance of . The debenture matured on September 17, 2019 and bears interest at per annum. On September 23, 2020, the principal amount of the debenture of plus accrued interest of was converted into shares at a conversion price of per share. 

F- 27 

PETROTEQ ENERGY INC. 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

For the years ended August 31, 2021 and 2020 

Expressed
in US dollars 

-
 
 -

-

SBI Investments LLC 

-

-

Bay Private Equity, Inc. 

-

-

Cantone Asset Management LLC 

-

-

- 

-

Private lender 

Petroleum Capital Funding LP. 

-

Power Up Lending Group LTD 

-

-

-

-
 
 -

-
 
 -

-
 
 -

-

-

-

EMA Financial, LLC 

Morison Management S.A 

-

-

-

Bellridge Capital LP. 

-

-

Stirling Bridge Resources 

-
 
 -

Alpha Capital Anstalt 

-
 
 -

Rijtec Enterprises Limited Pension scheme 

-
 
 -

Private lender 

-
 
 -

Private lender 

-
 
 -

Equilibris Management AG 

-
 
 -

Private lender 

-

Unamortized debt discount 

Total loans 

F- 28 

PETROTEQ ENERGY INC. 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

For the years ended August 31, 2021 and 2020 

Expressed
in US dollars 

16. CONVERTIBLE DEBENTURES (continued) 

Principal classified as repayable later than one year 

, which was originally advanced on August 9, 2018. The units consist of 250 units of convertible debentures and a common share purchase warrant exercisable for shares. The convertible debenture bore interest at per annum and matured on September 4, 2019 and was convertible into common shares of the Company at a price of per common share. The common share purchase warrants entitle the holder to acquire additional common shares of the Company at a price of per share, expiring on September 4, 2019. On September 9, 2019, the Company repaid of principal and in interest in partial settlement of the convertible debenture. On September 19, 2019, the Company entered into an agreement with Calvary Fund, whereby the remaining principal and interest of was settled by the issue of common shares and a warrant exercisable for common shares at an exercise price of per share. On August 7, 2020 the Company entered into an Amended and Restated Amending Agreement ARA with Cavalry whereby the maturity date of the warrant exercisable for common shares was extended to July 31, 2021 and the exercise price was amended to per share. (ii) On October 12, 2018, During December 2019, the maturity date of the convertible debenture was amended to and the conversion price was amended to per share. In terms of the ARA entered into on August 7, 2020, the maturity date of the convertible debenture was amended to July 31, 2021, the interest rate was amended to per annum and the conversion price was amended to per share. On May 26, 2021, in terms of a conversion notice received, the Company issued a total of shares of common stock converting of the aggregate principal of this note entered into on October 12,2018 and of the aggregate principal of the note entered into on August 7, 2020, see Note 16(a)(iv) below. On July 6, 2021, in terms of a debt conversion agreement entered into with Cavalry, the Company agreed to convert unpaid interest of on this note; and unpaid principal of and unpaid interest of on a convertible note entered into on August 19, 2019; and unpaid principal of on a convertible note entered into on August 7, 2020 into shares of common stock at a conversion price of per share for a total of shares, which have not been issued as yet and are subject to TSXV approval. The Company may have to renegotiate the terms of the debt conversion agreement based on the recommendations of the TSXV. 

F- 29 

PETROTEQ ENERGY INC. 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

For the years ended August 31, 2021 and 2020 

Expressed
in US dollars 

16. CONVERTIBLE DEBENTURES (continued) 

(a) Cavalry Fund I LP (continued) 

, including an original issue discount of , for net proceeds of after certain legal expenses, and a warrant exercisable for common shares at an exercise price of per share. The convertible debenture bore interest at per annum and matured on August 29, 2020. The convertible debenture may be converted into common shares of the Company at a conversion price of per share. In terms of the ARA entered into on August 7, 2020, the maturity date of the convertible debenture was amended to July 31, 2021 and the conversion price was amended to per share and the exercise price of the warrant was amended to per share and the maturity date was amended to July 31, 2021. On April 13, 2021, in terms of a conversion notice received, the Company issued a total of shares of common stock converting of the aggregate principal of the note entered into on August 19, 2019. The Company may have to renegotiate the terms of the debt conversion agreement based on the recommendations of the TSXV. The aggregate principal amount of of the convertible loan, which has past the maturity date of , remains outstanding. (iv) On August 7, 2020, the Company issued a convertible debenture to Calvary for an aggregate principal amount of , including an original issue discount of , for net proceeds of , and a warrant exercisable for common shares at an exercise price of per share. The convertible debenture bore interest at per annum and maturing on August 7, 2021. The convertible debenture may be converted into common shares of the Company at a conversion price of per share. On May 26, 2021, in terms of a conversion notice received, the Company issued a total of shares of common stock converting of the aggregate principal of the note entered into on October 12,2018, see note 16(a)(ii) above, and of the aggregate principal of this note entered into on August 7, 2020. The Company may have to renegotiate the terms of the debt conversion agreement based on the recommendations of the TSXV. The aggregate principal amount of of the convertible loan, which has past the maturity date of , remains outstanding. 

F- 30 

PETROTEQ ENERGY INC. 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

For the years ended August 31, 2021 and 2020 

Expressed
in US dollars 

16. CONVERTIBLE DEBENTURES (continued) 

During December 2019, the maturity date of the convertible loan was extended to October 15, 2020 and the conversion price of the note was reset to per share. On February 25, 2021, the Company repaid principal of and interest thereon of , totaling and on March 9, 2021, the Company repaid a further of principal and interest of , totaling . On August 3, 2021, in terms of a debt assignment agreement entered into with Morison Management SA, SBI Investments assigned this October 15, 2018 convertible debenture and the January 26, 2020 convertible debenture to Morison Management SA. (ii) On January 16, 2020, On August 3, 2021, in terms of a debt assignment agreement entered into with Morison Management SA, SBI Investments assigned this October 15, 2018 convertible debenture and the January 26, 2020 convertible debenture to Morison Management SA 

On January 23, 2019, of the principal outstanding was repaid out of the proceeds raised on the January 16, 2019 Bay convertible debenture, see (ii) below. During December 2019, the maturity date was extended to January 15, 2020. The maturity date was not extended further during the year and the note was in default as at August 31, 2020. On September 1, 2020, the convertible debenture was assigned to Bellridge Capital, LP Bellridge ). On September 23, 2020, in accordance with the terms of the amended agreement entered into with Bellridge, the maturity date was extended to March 31, 2021 and the conversion price was amended to per share. (ii) On January 16, 2019, the Company issued a convertible debenture of , including an OID of , for net proceeds of . The convertible debenture bears interest at per annum and matured on October 15, 2019. The convertible debenture may be converted to common shares of the Company at a conversion price of per share. of the proceeds raised was used to repay a portion of the convertible debenture issued to Bay Private Equity on September 17, 2018, see (i) above. On August 20, 2020, in accordance with the terms of an amendment entered into with Bay, the maturity date was extended to . On April 23, 2021, the convertible debenture was assigned to Bellridge and the terms of the debenture were amended as follows; the maturity date was extended to . 

F- 31 

PETROTEQ ENERGY INC. 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

For the years ended August 31, 2021 and 2020 

Expressed
in US dollars 

16. CONVERTIBLE DEBENTURES (continued) 

, including an OID of for net proceeds of after certain issue expenses. The convertible debenture bears interest at per annum and the gross proceeds, less the OID, of is convertible into common shares at a conversion price of per share, and maturing on . In conjunction with the convertible debenture, the Company issued a warrant exercisable for common shares at an exercise price of per share, expiring on October 19, 2020. On July 7, 2020, the Company entered into an Amending Agreement the Amendment whereby the conversion price of the convertible debenture was amended to per share and the warrant exercise price was amended to per share. On March 17, 2021, The company entered into an amending agreement whereby the conversion price of the convertible note was amended to per share, the maturity date was extended to and the interest rate was amended to with effect from October 20, 2020. On March 17, 2021, the Company entered into a debt conversion agreement whereby outstanding interest of accrued until December 28, 2020 on two convertible notes was converted into shares of common stock. The debt conversion agreement included of interest related to this July 2019 convertible note. On June 3, 2021, On August 30, 2021, in terms of a conversion notice received, the Company issued a total of shares of common stock converting of the aggregate principal of the note entered into on July 19, 2019, thereby extinguishing the principal due under the note. (ii) On September 17, 2019, the Company issued a convertible debenture to Cantone in the aggregate principal amount of , including an original issue discount of , for net proceeds of . The convertible debenture bears interest at per annum and the gross proceeds less the OID, of is convertible into common shares at a conversion price of per share, and maturing on . common shares at an exercise price of per share, expiring on December 17, 2020. In accordance with the terms of an Amending Agreement entered into on July 7, 2020, the conversion price was amended to per share and the warrant exercise price was amended to per share. On March 17, 2021, On March 17, 2021, the Company entered into a debt conversion agreement whereby outstanding interest of accrued until December 28, 2020 on two convertible notes was converted into shares of common stock. The debt conversion agreement included of interest related to this September 2019 convertible note. On June 3, 2021, the Company entered into a debt conversion agreement whereby a total amount of , consisting of outstanding interest of accrued until June 1, 2021 on various convertible notes and a principal amount outstanding of on one convertible note, was converted into 949,688 shares of common stock. The debt conversion agreement included of interest related to this September 2019 convertible note. 

F- 32 

PETROTEQ ENERGY INC. 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

For the years ended August 31, 2021 and 2020 

Expressed
in US dollars 

16. CONVERTIBLE DEBENTURES (continued) 

(d) Cantone Asset Management,
LLC (continued) 

, including an original issue discount of , for net proceeds of . The convertible debenture bears interest at per annum and the gross proceeds less the OID, of is convertible into common shares at a conversion price of per share, maturing on . common shares at an exercise price of per share, expiring on January 16, 2021. In accordance with the terms of the Amendment entered into on July 7, 2020, the conversion price of the convertible debenture was amended to per share and the warrant exercise price was amended to per share. On January 7, 2021, in terms of a conversion notice received, the Company issued shares of common stock converting of the aggregate principal of the note entered into on October 14, 2019. On June 3, 2021, the Company entered into a debt conversion agreement whereby a total amount of , consisting of outstanding interest of accrued until June 1, 2021 on various convertible notes and a principal amount outstanding of on one convertible note, was converted into shares of common stock. The debt conversion agreement included of interest and of principal related to this October 2019 convertible note, thereby extinguishing the note. (iv) On September 23, 2020, the Company issued a convertible debenture to Cantone Asset Management in the aggregate principal amount of , including an original issue discount of , for net proceeds of . The convertible debenture bears interest at per annum and the gross proceeds less the OID, of is convertible into common shares at a conversion price of per share until September 23, 2021 and thereafter at per share. The convertible debenture matures on . In conjunction with the convertible debenture, the Company issued a warrant exercisable for common shares at an exercise price of per share, expiring on . On June 3, 2021, the Company entered into a debt conversion agreement whereby a total amount of , consisting of outstanding interest of accrued until June 1, 2021 on various convertible notes and a principal amount outstanding of on one convertible note, was converted into shares of common stock. The debt conversion agreement included of interest related to this September 2020 convertible note. On August 30, 2021, in terms of a conversion notice received, the Company issued a total of shares of common stock converting of the aggregate principal of the note entered into on September 2020. (v) On July 1, 2021, in terms of a subscription agreement entered into with Cantone Asset Management, LLC, the Company issued a convertible debenture in the aggregate principal amount of , bearing interest at per annum and maturing on and convertible into common stock at a conversion price of per share. In addition, the Company issued Cantone a warrant exercisable for shares of common stock at an exercise price of per share expiring on . 

F- 33 

PETROTEQ ENERGY INC. 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

For the years ended August 31, 2021 and 2020 

Expressed
in US dollars 

16. CONVERTIBLE DEBENTURES (continued) 

. per annum and matured on October 29, 2020. The convertible debenture may be converted into common shares of the Company at a conversion
price of per share. 

common shares at an exercise price of per share, expiring on October
29, 2020. 

of the convertible loan, which has past the maturity date of , remains outstanding. 

acres. 

for consecutive trading days, with an average daily volume of greater than million common shares, and has agreed to certain restrictions
on paying dividends, registration rights and rights of first refusal on further debt and equity offerings. 

On June 3, 2021, the Company entered into a debt conversion agreement whereby a total amount of , consisting of outstanding interest accrued until June 1, 2021 on various convertible notes was converted into shares of common stock. The debt conversion agreement included of interest related to this November 2019 convertible note. (ii) On December 4, 2019, In conjunction with the convertible debenture, the Company issued a warrant exercisable for common shares and a brokers warrant exercisable for common shares, at an exercise price of per share, expiring on . On September 22, 2020, the Company entered into an Amending Agreement, whereby the conversion price of the convertible debenture was amended to per share and the exercise price of the warrant exercisable for shares was amended to per share. On June 3, 2021, the Company entered into a debt conversion agreement whereby a total amount of , consisting of outstanding interest accrued until June 1, 2021 on various convertible notes was converted into shares of common stock. The debt conversion agreement included of interest related to this December 2019 convertible note. 

F- 34 

PETROTEQ ENERGY INC. 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

For the years ended August 31, 2021 and 2020 

Expressed
in US dollars 

16. CONVERTIBLE DEBENTURES (continued) 

(f) Petroleum Capital Funding
LP. (continued) 

In conjunction with the convertible debenture, the Company issued a warrant exercisable for common shares and a brokers warrant exercisable for common shares, at an exercise price of per share, expiring on . On September 22, 2020, the Company entered into an Amending Agreement, whereby the conversion price of the convertible debenture was amended to per share and the exercise price of the warrant exercisable for shares was amended to per share. On June 3, 2021, the Company entered into a debt conversion agreement whereby a total amount of , consisting of outstanding interest accrued until June 1, 2021 on various convertible notes was converted into shares of common stock. The debt conversion agreement included of interest related to this March 2020 convertible note. (iv) On July 21, 2021, in terms of a subscription agreement for debentures and warrants, the Company entered into a convertible debenture agreement with PCF in the aggregate principal amount of including an OID of for net proceeds of after placement fees and expense allowances of . The convertible debenture bears interest at per annum and the gross proceeds of is convertible into common shares at a conversion price of per share, subject to anti-dilution adjustments and matures on July 21, 2025. The company also entered into a registration rights agreement with PCF, whereby the Company has agreed to register any securities that the convertible note is convertible into and any warrant shares issuable in terms of the subscription agreement for debentures and warrants. In conjunction with the convertible debenture, the Company issued a warrant exercisable for common shares and a brokers warrant exercisable for common shares, at an exercise price of per share, expiring on . 

, including an original issue discount of , for net proceeds of after certain expenses. The note bears interest at per annum and matures on . The note may be prepaid subject to certain prepayment penalties ranging from to based on the period of prepayment. The outstanding principal amount of the note is convertible at any time and from time to time at the election of the holder into shares of the Company s common stock at a conversion price equal to of the average of the lowest three trading bid prices during the previous fifteen prior trading days. (ii) On June 4, 2020, the Company issued a convertible promissory note to Power Up in the aggregate principal sum of , including an original issue discount of , for net proceeds of after certain expenses. The note bears interest at per annum and matures on June 4, 2021. The note may be prepaid subject to certain prepayment penalties ranging from to based on the period of prepayment. The outstanding principal amount of the note is convertible at any time and from time to time at the election of the holder into shares of the Company s common stock at a conversion price equal to of the average of the lowest three trading bid prices during the previous fifteen prior trading days. Between December 15, 2020 and January. 4, 2021, Power Up converted the aggregate principal sum of , including interest thereon of into common shares, thereby extinguishing the note. 

F- 35 

PETROTEQ ENERGY INC. 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

For the years ended August 31, 2021 and 2020 

Expressed
in US dollars 

16. CONVERTIBLE DEBENTURES (continued) 

(g) Power Up Lending Group LTD.
(continued) 

, including an original issue discount of , for net proceeds of after certain expenses. The note bears interest at per annum and matures on . The note may be prepaid subject to certain prepayment penalties ranging from to based on the period of prepayment. The outstanding principal amount of the note is convertible at any time and from time to time at the election of the holder into shares of the Company s common stock at a conversion price equal to of the average of the lowest three trading bid prices during the previous fifteen prior trading days. Between January 7, 2021 and January 20, 2021, Power Up converted the aggregate principal sum of , including interest thereon of into common shares, thereby extinguishing the note. (iv) On November 6, 2020, the Company issued a convertible promissory note to Power Up in the aggregate principal sum of , including an original issue discount of , for net proceeds of after certain expenses. The note bears interest at per annum and matures on . The note may be prepaid subject to certain prepayment penalties ranging from to based on the period of prepayment. The outstanding principal amount of the note is convertible at any time and from time to time at the election of the holder into shares of the Company s common stock at a conversion price equal to of the average of the lowest three trading bid prices during the previous fifteen prior trading days. Between May 10, 2021 and May 19, 2021, Power Up converted the aggregate principal sum of , including interest thereon of 7,680 into common shares, thereby extinguishing the note. (v) On January 12, 2021, The note bears interest at per annum and matures on . The note may be prepaid subject to certain prepayment penalties ranging from to based on the period of prepayment. The outstanding principal amount of the note is convertible at any time and from time to time at the election of the holder into shares of the Company s common stock at a conversion price equal to of the average of the lowest three trading bid prices during the previous fifteen prior trading days. (vi) On February 25, 2021, the Company issued a convertible promissory note to Power Up in the aggregate principal sum of , including an original issue discount of , for net proceeds of after certain expenses. The note bears interest at per annum and matures on . The note may be prepaid subject to certain prepayment penalties ranging from to based on the period of prepayment. The outstanding principal amount of the note is convertible at any time and from time to time at the election of the holder into shares of the Company s common stock at a conversion price equal to of the average of the lowest three trading bid prices during the previous fifteen prior trading days. On August 27, 2021, The Company the aggregate principal sum of and interest and penalty interest thereon of , thereby extinguishing the note. 

F- 36 

PETROTEQ ENERGY INC. 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

For the years ended August 31, 2021 and 2020 

Expressed
in US dollars 

16. CONVERTIBLE DEBENTURES (continued) 

(g) Power Up Lending Group LTD.
(continued) 

, including an original issue discount of for net proceeds of after certain expenses. The note bears interest at per annum and matures on . The note may be prepaid subject to certain prepayment penalties ranging from to based on the period of prepayment. The outstanding principal amount of the note is convertible at any time and from time to time at the election of the holder into shares of the Company s common stock at a conversion price equal to of the average of the lowest three trading bid prices during the previous fifteen prior trading days. (viii) On May 20, 2021, the Company issued a convertible promissory note to Power Up in the aggregate principal sum of , including an original issue discount of for net proceeds of after certain expenses. The note bears interest at per annum and matures on . The note may be prepaid subject to certain prepayment penalties ranging from to based on the period of prepayment. The outstanding principal amount of the note is convertible at any time and from time to time at the election of the holder into shares of the Company s common stock at a conversion price equal to of the average of the lowest three trading bid prices during the previous fifteen prior trading days. (ix) On July 2, 2021, the Company issued a convertible promissory note to Power Up in the aggregate principal sum of , including an original issue discount of for net proceeds of after certain expenses. The note bears interest at per annum and matures on . The note may be prepaid subject to certain prepayment penalties ranging from to based on the period of prepayment. The outstanding principal amount of the note is convertible at any time and from time to time at the election of the holder into shares of the Company s common stock at a conversion price equal to of the average of the lowest three trading bid prices during the previous fifteen prior trading days. 

convertible debenture was converted into shares of common stock, thereby extinguishing
the note. 

and a January 26, 2020 convertible debenture with an aggregate principal amount outstanding of
 55,00 , to Morison Management SA. 

F- 37 

PETROTEQ ENERGY INC. 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

For the years ended August 31, 2021 and 2020 

Expressed
in US dollars 

16. CONVERTIBLE DEBENTURES (continued) 

and interest accrued thereon of to Bellridge. On September 23, 2020, the company entered into an amending agreement with Bellridge, whereby the maturity date of the loan was extended to March 31, 2021 and the conversion price was amended to 0.055 per share, simultaneously Bellridge entered into a debt conversion agreement with the Company converting of the convertible debt into shares of common stock at a conversion price of per share. On March 22, 2021, the maturity date of the convertible note was extended to October 31, 2021, all other terms remain the same. (ii) On April 23, 2021, Bellridge took assignment of a convertible debenture entered into on January 16, 2019 with Bay Private Equity, Inc. the terms of the. Debenture was amended by the Company and the maturity date was extended to September 30, 2021 and the conversion price was amended to per share. Simultaneously with the debt assignment, on April 23, 2021, Bellridge converted the aggregate principal sum of and interest and penalty interest thereon of into shares of common stock. 

, for net proceeds of . The convertible
debenture bears interest at per annum and is convertible into common units at a conversion price of per unit. Each unit consisting
of a common share and a share purchase warrant, exercisable for a common share at an exercise price of per share, maturing
on November 24, 2021. 

of the aggregate principal amount of the convertible note at a conversion
price of per share for shares of common stock and the issuance of a warrant exercisable for shares of common stock
at an exercise price of per share, expiring on . 

, for net proceeds of .
The convertible debenture bears interest at per annum and is convertible into common units at a conversion price of per unit.
Each unit consisting of a common share and a share purchase warrant, exercisable for a common share at an exercise price of
 per share. The convertible debenture matures on . 

shares on common stock upon the conversion of an aggregate principal
amount of convertible debt of . 

of the aggregate principal amount of the Alpha capital note entered into on November
6, 2020, at a conversion price of per share for shares of common stock and the issuance of a warrant exercisable for
 shares of common stock at an exercise price of 0.0562 per share. 

F- 38 

PETROTEQ ENERGY INC. 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

For the years ended August 31, 2021 and 2020 

Expressed
in US dollars 

16. CONVERTIBLE DEBENTURES (continued) 

, for
net proceeds of . The convertible debenture bears interest at per annum and is convertible into common units at a conversion
price of per unit. Each unit consisting of a common share and a two year share purchase warrant, exercisable for a common share
at an exercise price of per share. The convertible debenture matures on . 

, for net proceeds of .
The convertible debenture bears interest at per annum and is convertible into common units at a conversion price of per unit.
Each unit consisting of a common share and a two year share purchase warrant, exercisable for a common share at an exercise price of 
per share. The convertible debenture matures on . 

of the aggregate principal amount of the convertible note entered into on November
30, 2020, at a conversion price of per share for shares of common stock and the issuance of a warrant exercisable for
 shares of common stock at an exercise price of per share, expiring on . 

, for net proceeds of .
The convertible debenture bears interest at per annum and is convertible into common units at a conversion price of per unit.
 
per share. The convertible debenture matures on . 

shares on common stock upon the conversion of an aggregate principal amount of convertible
debt of and warrants exercisable for shares of common stock at an exercise price of expiring on . 

, including interest and penalty interest thereon of , was acquired in terms of an Assignment and Purchase of Debt Agreement by Equilibris Management AG. In terms of an Exchange Agreement entered into between the Company and Equilibris Management, the promissory note was exchanged for a Convertible Redeemable Note, bearing interest at per annum, maturing on and convertible into common stock at per share. On June 16, 2021, in terms of conversion notice received, the Company issued shares of common stock to Equilibris at a conversion price of per share, thereby extinguishing the note. 

F- 39 

PETROTEQ ENERGY INC. 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

For the years ended August 31, 2021 and 2020 

Expressed
in US dollars 

16. CONVERTIBLE DEBENTURES (continued) 

(p) Equilibris Management AG
(continued) 

, including interest and late payment penalties thereon to Equilibris Management AG. Effective June 30, 2021, the Company entered into a Securities Exchange Agreement with Equilibris Management exchanging the CDN promissory note with a convertible promissory note for US bearing interest at per annum, convertible into shares of common stock at a conversion price of per share and maturing on . On July 1, 2021, in terms of a conversion notice received from Equilibris Management AG, the Company issued shares of common stock converting the aggregate principal amount of , thereby extinguishing the debenture. (iii) (iv) On June 10, 2021, in terms of an Assignment and Purchase of Debt Agreement entered into between Mr. Dennewald and Equilibris, the Convertible Promissory Note owing to the director was purchased and assigned to Equilibris. On June 15, 2021, in terms of a conversion notice received from Equilibris, the company issued shares of common stock at a conversion price of per share, thereby extinguishing the note. 

, for net proceeds of , after
an OID of The convertible debenture bears interest at per annum and is convertible into common shares at a conversion price
of per share, maturing on . 

common shares at an exercise price of per share, expiring on . 

F- 40 

PETROTEQ ENERGY INC. 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

For the years ended August 31, 2021 and 2020 

Expressed
in US dollars 

The loan is secured by all tangible and intangible assets of the Company. The proceeds are to be used for working capital purposes
to alleviate economic injury caused by the COVID-19 pandemic. 

The loan is secured by all tangible and intangible assets of the Company. The proceeds are to be
used for working capital purposes to alleviate economic injury caused by the COVID-19 pandemic. 

, bearing interest at per annum and repayable in a single payment after years. The
loan may be forgiven subject to certain terms and conditions and the use of funds by the Company. Forgiveness is not automatic and will
be assessed by the lender once applied for. 

, bearing interest at per annum and repayable in a single payment after 
years. The loan may be forgiven subject to certain terms and conditions and the use of funds by the Company. Forgiveness is not automatic
and will be assessed by the lender once applied for. 

, bearing interest at per annum and repayable in monthly installments commencing on October
23, 2020. The loan may be forgiven subject to certain terms and conditions and the use of funds by the Company. Forgiveness is not automatic
and will be assessed by the lender once applied for. 

and all accrued interest thereon was forgiven. 

, bearing interest at per annum and repayable in monthly installments commencing on December
3, 2021. The loan may be forgiven subject to certain terms and conditions and the use of funds by the Company. Forgiveness is not automatic
and will be assessed by the lender once applied for. 

These conversion
rights may also include a fixed maximum conversion price. The number of shares issuable upon conversion of these convertible notes is
therefore not determinable until conversion takes place. The Company has determined that these conversion features meet the requirements
for classification as derivative liabilities and has measured their fair value using a Black Scholes valuation model which takes into
account the following factors: 

F- 41 

PETROTEQ ENERGY INC. 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

For the years ended August 31, 2021 and 2020 

Expressed
in US dollars 

18. DERIVATIVE LIABILITY (continued) 

charged
to the consolidated statement of loss and comprehensive loss. The value of the derivative liability will be re-assessed at each financial
reporting date, with any movement thereon recorded in the statement of loss and comprehensive loss in the period in which it is incurred. 

to CAD 

Risk free interest rate 

to 

Expected life of derivative liability 

to months 

Expected volatility of underlying stock 

to 

Expected dividend rate 

Derivative financial liability arising from convertible notes 

Fair value adjustment to derivative liability 

Accretion expense 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Balance at August 31, 2020 

Accretion expense 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Balance at August 31, 2021 

for dismantling the facility. 

. The discount rate used in the calculation
is estimated to be 2.32 on operations that are expected to commence in September 2021. 

. 

F- 42 

PETROTEQ ENERGY INC. 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

For the years ended August 31, 2021 and 2020 

Expressed
in US dollars 

19. RECLAMATION AND RESTORATION PROVISIONS
(continued) 

years. During the year ended
August 31, 2015, the Company provided for this purpose. 

. The discount rate used in the calculation is estimated to be 2.32 on operations
that are expected to commence in September 2021. 

. 

common shares as at August 31, 2021. 

common shares valued at to several vendors in settlement of of trade debt. 

common shares valued at to four directors in partial settlement of directors fees outstanding. 

common shares to various investors for net proceeds of . 

common shares valued at and warrants
valued at in settlement of convertible debt of . 

restricted common shares valued at to its COO as part of his compensation package. 

shares valued at as compensation for services rendered to the Company. 

from a private investor in terms of an irrevocable subscription agreement for the issue of units, at an issue price
of per unit. Each unit consists of common share and transferable share purchase warrant exercisable at per share,
for a period of months from closing. Due to the suspension of trading by the TSXV, these shares have not been issued as yet. 

F- 43 

PETROTEQ
ENERGY INC. 

NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

For
the years ended August 31, 2021 and 2020 

Expressed
in US dollars 

fixed number plan with a maximum of common shares reserved for issue at August 31, 2021. 

common shares, vesting over nine months, at an exercise
price of CAD per share to its newly appointed Chief Operating Officer. 

common shares, vesting immediately, at an exercise price
of CAD per share to a lender. 

(2020 - relates to the vesting of options granted
during the prior fiscal years. 

CAD 

CAD 

Options granted 
 -

-

CAD 

Options forfeited 
 
 CAD 

CAD 

Balance, end of period 
 
 CAD 

CAD 

November 30, 2027 
 CAD 

June 5, 2028 
 CAD 

Weighted average remaining contractual life 

years 
 years 

warrants to convertible debt note holders and subscribers for common
shares, in accordance with the terms of subscription unit agreements entered into with the convertible note holders and subscribers.
The fair value of the warrants granted was estimated at using the relative fair value method. In addition, warrants valued on
debt extinguishment agreements entered into with certain convertible note holders, whereby the exercise price and in certain cases, the
expiry date of the warrant were amended, amounted to . 

F- 44 

PETROTEQ
ENERGY INC. 

NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

For
the years ended August 31, 2021 and 2020 

Expressed
in US dollars 

22. SHARE
 PURCHASE WARRANTS (continued) 

. 

using the relative fair value method.
The fair value of share purchase warrants was estimated using the Black-Scholes valuation model utilizing the following weighted average
assumptions: 

to 

Expected
 share price volatility 

to 

Risk-free
 interest rate 

to 

Expected
 term 

to 

common shares were exercised for gross proceeds of for the year ended August 31, 2021. 

Warrants granted 

Warrants exercised 

-
 
 -

Warrants forfeited 

Balance, end of period 

F- 45 

PETROTEQ
ENERGY INC. 

NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

For
the years ended August 31, 2021 and 2020 

Expressed
in US dollars 

Share purchase warrants 

Convertible securities 

and as at August 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively, and outstanding salaries
and fees to officers and directors of and for the years ended August 31, 2021 and 2020. 

Robert Dennewald 
 -

and common shares for gross proceeds of 
and . 

shares were issued
to settle an outstanding promissory note of . 

common shares at a price of per share for gross proceeds of . 

F- 46 

PETROTEQ
ENERGY INC. 

NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

For
the years ended August 31, 2021 and 2020 

Expressed
in US dollars 

24. RELATED
 PARTY TRANSACTIONS (continued) 

Alex
Blyumkin (continued) 

common shares valued at in partial settlement of directors fees outstanding. 

units at a price of per unit for gross proceeds of . 

and as at August 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

common shares valued at as part of his compensation package. 

common shares exercisable at per share and valued
at . 

common shares valued at in partial settlement of directors fees outstanding. 

per month in his new role. 
The Board of Directors is responsible for reviewing compensation paid to the Company s executive officers on an annual basis. 

and , respectively as short-term loans. The loans
are interest free The total loans outstanding as of August 31, 2020 was . 

Convertible Promissory Note owing to the director was purchased and assigned to Equilibris. 

common shares valued at in partial settlement of directors fees outstanding. 

and in terms of promissory notes due to him as at August 31, 2021 and 2020. 

F- 47 

PETROTEQ
ENERGY INC. 

NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

For
the years ended August 31, 2021 and 2020 

Expressed
in US dollars 

24. RELATED
 PARTY TRANSACTIONS (continued) 

common shares valued at in partial settlement of directors fees outstanding. 

interest in this venture and had made advances of to the venture as of August 31, 2018.
Due to the lack of activity in the venture, the Company has fully provided against the investment of . 

which had
been applied to operating costs incurred by Petrobloq, LLC related to an office lease beginning March 1, 2018 and research costs related
to payments to the development team consisting of four employees. During the year ended August 31, 2019, the Company incurred a further
 in costs related to the agreement and on September 6, 2019, the Company agreed to pay common shares to FBCC as a final
settlement of the agreement. The investment has been fully provided for as of August 31, 2020. 

F- 48 

PETROTEQ
ENERGY INC. 

NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

For
the years ended August 31, 2021 and 2020 

Expressed
in US dollars 

Professional fees 

Salaries and wages 

Share-based compensation 

Travel and promotional expenses 

Other 

Amortization of debt discount 

Loss on conversion of convertible debt 

Loss (gain) on debt extinguishment 

Penalty on convertible notes 

Forgiveness of federal relief loans 
 
 -

Interest income 

F- 49 

PETROTEQ
ENERGY INC. 

NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

For
the years ended August 31, 2021 and 2020 

Expressed
in US dollars 

() 
 
 Non-capital
 tax loss carry-forwards 

Other
 tax-related balances and credits 

() 

Valuation
 allowance 

Net
 deferred tax assets (liabilities) 

- 

- 

Combined
 federal and state statutory income tax rates 

Tax
 recovery using the Company s domestic tax rate 

Effect
 of tax rates in foreign jurisdictions 

- 

- 

Net
 effect of (non-deductible) deductible items 

() 

() 
 
 Current
 year deductible amounts 

Current
 period losses not recognized 

() 

() 
 
 Provision
 for income taxes 

- 

- 

reportable segments within the USA during the year ended August 31, 2021 and 2020, oil extraction and processing
operations and mining operations. 

-

Reportable segment assets 

Reportable segment liabilities 

Reportable segment assets 

Reportable segment liabilities 

F- 50 

PETROTEQ
ENERGY INC. 

NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

For
the years ended August 31, 2021 and 2020 

Expressed
in US dollars 

30. SEGMENT
INFORMATION (continued) 

-

Revenues from hydrocarbon sales 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Production and maintenance costs 
 
 -

Gross Loss 
 
 -

Expenses 

Depreciation, depletion and amortization 
 
 -

Selling, general and administrative expenses 
 
 -

Investor relations 
 
 -

Professional fees 
 
 -

Salaries and wages 
 
 -

Share-based compensation 
 
 -

Travel and promotional expenses 
 
 -

Other 
 
 -

Financing costs 
 
 -

Other expense (income) 
 
 -

Loss on settlement of liabilities 
 
 -

Loss on conversion of convertible debt 
 
 -

Loss on debt extinguishment 
 
 -

Penalty on convertible notes 

Forgiveness of federal relief loans 

Interest income 

Derivative liability movements 
 
 -

Net loss 
 
 -

-

Other production and maintenance costs 
 
 -

Advance royalty payments 
 -

Gross Loss 

Expenses 

Depreciation, depletion and amortization 
 
 -

Selling, general and administrative expenses 

Investor relations 
 
 -

Professional fees 

Salaries and wages 
 
 -

Share-based compensation 
 
 -

Travel and promotional expenses 
 
 -

Other 

Financing costs 
 
 -

Impairment of investments 
 
 -

Other expense (income) 
 
 -

Gain on settlement of liabilities 
 
 -

Loss on conversion of convertible debt 
 
 -

Gain on debt extinguishment 
 
 -

Penalty on convertible note 
 
 -

Other income 
 
 -

Derivative liability movements 
 
 -

Net loss 

F- 51 

PETROTEQ
ENERGY INC. 

NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

For
the years ended August 31, 2021 and 2020 

Expressed
in US dollars 

Total instalments due under finance leases 

1 to 2 years 

2 to 3 years 

Total instalments under operating leases 

(the Note with a maturity date of 27 December 2020, bearing interest at per
annum; and (iii) a Security Agreement (together with the Settlement Agreement and the Note, the Redline Agreements among
the Company, Redline, and TMC Capital, LLC TMC ), an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. 

F- 52 

PETROTEQ
ENERGY INC. 

NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

For
the years ended August 31, 2021 and 2020 

Expressed
in US dollars 

and in trade and other receivables, respectively and and in
notes receivable, respectively. The Company considers it maximum exposure to credit risk to be its trade and other receivables and notes
receivable. The Company expects to collect these amounts in full and has not provided an expected credit loss allowance against these
amounts. 

F- 53 

PETROTEQ
ENERGY INC. 

NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

For
the years ended August 31, 2021 and 2020 

Expressed
in US dollars 

33. MANAGEMENT
OF FINANCIAL RISKS (continued) 

(c) Liquidity
risk (continued) 

-
 
 -

Accrued liabilities 

-
 
 -

Convertible debenture 

-

Finance lease liabilities 

-
 
 -

Operating lease liabilities 

-

Federal relief loans 

F- 54 

PETROTEQ
ENERGY INC. 

NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

For
the years ended August 31, 2021 and 2020 

Expressed
in US dollars 

34. SUBSEQUENT
EVENTS (continued) 

(a) Suspension
of trading on the TSXV Exchange (continued) 

convertible note (including a original issue discount)
for a purchase price of , bearing interest at per annum, maturing on May 7, 2021, and convertible into Common Shares. The
note was ultimately converted on November 12, 2020 at for Common Shares), November 13, 2020 at 
for Common Shares) and November 13, 2020 , including of accrued and unpaid interest, at for Common
Shares). There is currently no principal or interest remaining on the note. 

convertible note (including a original issue discount)
for a purchase price of , bearing interest at per annum, maturing on June 4, 2021, and convertible into Common Shares. 
The note was ultimately converted on December 15, 2020 at for Common Shares), December 22, 2020 at
 for Common Shares ), December 28, 2020 at for Common Shares), and January 4, 2021 ,
including of accrued and unpaid interest, at for Common Shares). There is currently no principal or interest
remaining on the note. 

convertible note (including a original issue discount)
for a purchase price of , bearing interest at per annum, maturing on June 19, 2021, and convertible into Common Shares. 
The note was ultimately converted on January 7, 2021 at for common shares), January 11, 2021 at
 for Common Shares), January 13, 2021 at for Common Shares) and January 20, 2021 , including
 of accrued and unpaid interest, at for Common Shares). There is currently no principal or interest remaining
on the note. 

convertible note (including a original issue discount)
for a purchase price of , bearing interest at per annum, maturing on April 22, 2021, and convertible into Common Shares
based on a discount to the market price of the Common Shares upon conversion. The note was ultimately converted on January 25, 2021 at for Common Shares), January 28, 2021 at for Common Shares), February 5, 2021 at for Common Shares), February 22, 2021 at for Common Shares) and
March 2, 2021 at for Common Shares). There is currently in principal remaining on the note,
and, as of August 31, 2021, interest and penalties of . 

per annum owing to
an arm s length lender, which had matured on April 29, 2019, was acquired by another an arm s length lender pursuant to a
Debt Assignment and Purchase Agreement. On August 26, 2020, pursuant to a Securities Exchange Agreement, the convertible promissory note
was exchanged for a convertible redeemable note with an aggregate principal amount of , bearing interest at per
annum, maturing on August 26, 2021, and convertible into Common Shares. On October 1, 2020, the convertible redeemable
note was converted into Common Shares at per share. There is currently no principal or interest remaining
on the note. 

F- 55 

PETROTEQ
ENERGY INC. 

NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

For
the years ended August 31, 2021 and 2020 

Expressed
in US dollars 

34. SUBSEQUENT
EVENTS (continued) 

(a) 
 Suspension of trading on the TSXV Exchange (continued) 

convertible note (including a original issue
discount) for a purchase price of , bearing interest at per annum, maturing on November 6, 2021, and convertible into
Common Shares. The note was ultimately converted on May 10, 2021 at for Common Shares), May 14, 2021 
at for Common Shares), May 19, 2021 , including of accrued and unpaid interest, at for
 Common Shares). There is currently no principal or interest remaining on the note. 

to the Company to assist the Company in meeting
its financial obligations. Subsequently, on February 12, 2021, in exchange for the three non-convertible promissory notes issued to Mr.
Dennewald, the Company issued a convertible promissory note with an aggregate principal amount of , bearing interest at per
annum, maturing on February 12, 2022, and convertible into Common Shares. On June 10, 2021, pursuant to an Assignment and Purchase of
Debt Agreement, the convertible promissory note was purchased and assigned by Mr. Dennewald to an arm s length lender.
On June 15, 2021, the arm s length lender converted the principal amount of the convertible promissory note into 
Common Shares at per share. 

convertible note (including a original issue
discount) for a purchase price of , bearing interest at per annum, maturing on January 12, 2022, and convertible
into Common Shares. The note was ultimately converted on July 13, 2021 at for Common Shares)
and July 14, 2021 , including of accrued and unpaid interest, at for Common Shares. There
is currently no principal or interest remaining on the note. 

convertible promissory note (including a original
issue discount) for a purchase price of , bearing interest at per annum, maturing on February 24, 2022, and convertible
into Common Shares. The Company has since repaid the convertible promissory note in full (including principal and interest) in cash. 

per share. 

convertible promissory note (including a original
issue discount) for a purchase price of , bearing interest at per annum, maturing on April 21, 2022, and convertible
into Common Shares based on a discount to the market price of the Common Shares upon conversion. No Common Shares have been issued
in connection with this convertible promissory note, which remains outstanding. 

convertible promissory note (including a original
issue discount) for a purchase price of , bearing interest at per annum, maturing on May 20, 2022, and convertible into
Common Shares based on a discount to the market price of the Common Shares upon conversion. No Common Shares have been issued in
connection with this convertible promissory note, which remains outstanding. 

F- 56 

PETROTEQ
ENERGY INC. 

NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

For
the years ended August 31, 2021 and 2020 

Expressed
in US dollars 

34. SUBSEQUENT
EVENTS (continued) 

(a) Suspension
of trading on the TSXV Exchange (continued) 

to the Company. Subsequently, on June 16, 2021, pursuant to an Exchange
 Agreement, the non-convertible promissory note was exchanged for a convertible redeemable note with an aggregate principal
amount of bearing interest at per annum, maturing on June 16, 2022, and convertible into Common Shares. On
June 16, 2021, pursuant to an Assignment and Purchase of Debt Agreement, the convertible redeemable note was purchased
and assigned to another arm s length lender and on the same day it was converted into Common Shares at per
 share. 

per annum owing to an arm s length lender with
an aggregate amount outstanding of CAD (including interest and penalty), which had matured, was acquired by another arm s
length lender pursuant to an Assignment and Purchase of Corporate Debt Agreement. On June 30, 2021, pursuant to a Securities Exchange
Agreement dated June 28, 2021, the debenture was exchanged for a convertible redeemable note with an aggregate principal amount
of , bearing interest at per annum, maturing on June 30, 2022, and convertible into Common Shares at per
share. On July 1, 2021, the convertible redeemable note was converted into Common Shares at per share. 

per annum and owing to an arm s length lender,
with an aggregate amount outstanding of CAD (including interest and penalty), which had matured, was acquired by another
arm s length lender pursuant to an Assignment and Purchase of Corporate Debt Agreement. On June 30, 2021, pursuant to a Securities
 Exchange Agreement dated June 28, 2021, the debenture was exchanged for a convertible redeemable note with an aggregate principal
amount of , bearing interest at per annum, maturing on June 30, 2022 and convertible into Common Shares at per
share. On July 1, 2021, the convertible redeemable note was converted into Common Shares at per share. 

convertible promissory note (including a original
issue discount) for a purchase price of , bearing interest at per annum, maturing on July 2, 2022 and principal and
interest convertible into Common Shares based on a discount to the market price of the Common Shares upon conversion. No Common
Shares have been issued in connection with this convertible promissory note. 

. Valkor acquired the Asphalt Ridge NW Leases under an Assignment of Oil and Gas Leases dated June
29, 2021 executed between Indago Oil and Gas Inc., as assignor, and Valkor Energy Holdings, LLC, as assignee, which was approved by SITLA
on or about September 10, 2021. 

F- 57 

PETROTEQ
ENERGY INC. 

NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

For
the years ended August 31, 2021 and 2020 

Expressed
in US dollars 

34. SUBSEQUENT
EVENTS (continued) 

(b) Exchange
of mineral leases (continued) 

interest in any future exploration or
production operations conducted by Valkor under the Short-Term Mining Lease. 

working interest in any exploratory or production
operation conducted by Valkor at the deeper intervals. The assignment of the deeper operating rights to Valkor, subject to TMC Capital s
participation rights, is also subject to approval by SITLA. 

by weight. In contract, the oil saturation
rate in the oil sands resources under the TMC Mineral Lease and the Short-Term Mining Lease in the Temple Mountain area of Asphalt Ridge
has an average oil content or saturation rate of approximately by weight. The difference in oil content or saturation in the oil sands
deposits contained within the Asphalt Ridge NW Leases is substantial and should significantly improve the economics of our mining and
processing operations as we go forward; 

miles and the Temple Mountain
SITLA Leases are completely undeveloped with limited exploration; 

F- 58 

PETROTEQ ENERGY INC. 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

For the years ended August 31, 2021 and 2020 

Expressed
in US dollars 

34. 
 SUBSEQUENT EVENTS (continued) 

(c) 
 Debt assignment and conversion agreements (continued) 

, bearing interest at per annum and maturing on April 21, 2022, for gross proceeds of , including accrued interest thereon and early prepayment penalties. On November 17, 2021, in terms of an Amending Agreement entered into with the Company by Morison Management, the Company amended the note to comply with TSXV requirements, whereby only the aggregate principal sum of will be convertible under the note at a conversion price of per common share and the maximum amount due under the note in terms of interest rate, fees or other payments is restricted to a rate of per annum. (ii) A May 20, 2021 convertible promissory note in the aggregate principal sum of , bearing interest at per annum and maturing on May 20, 2022, for gross proceeds of , including accrued interest thereon and early prepayment penalties. On November 17, 2021, in terms of an Amending Agreement entered into with the Company by Morison Management, the Company amended the note to comply with TSXV requirements, whereby only the aggregate principal sum of will be convertible under the note at a conversion price of per common share and the maximum amount due under the note in terms of interest rate, fees or other payments is restricted to a rate of per annum. (iii) A July 2, 2021convertible promissory note in the aggregate principal sum of , bearing interest at per annum and maturing on July 2, 2022, for gross proceeds of , including accrued interest thereon and early prepayment penalties. On November 17, 2021, in terms of an Amending Agreement entered into with the Company by Morison Management, the Company amended the note to comply with TSXV requirements, whereby only the aggregate principal sum of will be convertible under the note at a conversion price of per common share and the maximum amount due under the note in terms of interest rate, fees or other payments is restricted to a rate of per annum. 

F- 59 

PETROTEQ ENERGY INC. 

NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

For the years ended August 31, 2021 and 2020 

Expressed
in US dollars 

34. 
 SUBSEQUENT EVENTS (continued) 

into common shares at
a conversion price of per share. 

into common shares at
a conversion price of per share. 

and all accrued interest thereon was forgiven. 

million, which will become payable upon commencing
construction of its first plant. The agreement further provides that Big Sky will pay the Company a royalty on the net revenue
received by Big Sky from the production, sale or other disposition of licensed product from the plants for as long as the Company
continues to hold enforceable and protected intellectual property rights in the licensed technology in the United States. 

Mineral lease acquisition costs Unproven properties 
 -
 
 -

Construction of oil extraction plant 

Production and maintenance costs 

F- 60 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants
on Accounting and Financial Disclosures 

None. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

The Company has adopted and maintains disclosure
controls and procedures that are designed to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed in the reports filed
under the Exchange Act, such as this Annual Report on Form 10-K, is collected, recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the
time periods specified in the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission. The Company s disclosure controls and procedures
are also designed to ensure that such information is accumulated and communicated to management to allow timely decisions regarding required
disclosure. As required under Exchange Act Rule 13a-15, the Company s management, including the Chief Executive Officer and the
Company s Chief Financial Officer, after evaluating the effectiveness of disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15(e) and15d-15(e)) as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K, have concluded that due to a
lack of segregation of duties that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures are ineffective to ensure that information required
to be disclosed by the Company in the reports that the Company files or submits under the Exchange Act, is recorded, processed, summarized
and reported, within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission s rules and forms, and that such information
is accumulated and communicated to the Company s management, including the Company s Chief Executive Officer and the Chief
Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Subject to receipt of additional financing
or revenue generated from operations, the Company intends to retain additional individuals to remedy the ineffective controls. 

Management s Annual Report on Internal
Control over Financial Reporting 

The Company s management is responsible
for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15. Internal
control over financial reporting is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act as a process designed to provide reasonable
assurance to the Company s management and Board of Directors regarding the preparation and fair presentation of published financial
statements. Management conducted an assessment of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of August 31, 2021
based on the framework and criteria established by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in Internal Control-Integrated
Framework 2013 COSO ). The COSO framework requires rigid adherence to control principles that require sufficient and adequately
trained personnel to operate the control system. The Company has insufficient accounting personnel for it to be able to segregate duties
as required by COSO or to maintain all reference material required to ensure Company personnel are properly advised or trained to operate
the control system. Based on the assessment, management concluded that, as of August 31, 2021, the Company s internal control over
financial reporting was ineffective based on those criteria. 

The Company s management, including its
Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, does not expect that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures and its
internal control processes will prevent all error and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide
only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design of a control system must
reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because
of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and
instances of error or fraud, if any, within the Company have been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments
in decision-making can be faulty, and that the breakdowns can occur because of simple error or mistake. Additionally, controls can be
circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people, or by management override of the control. The
design of any system of controls also is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be
no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. Over time, controls may
become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Because
of the inherent limitations in a cost-effective control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and may not be detected.
However, these inherent limitations are known features of the financial reporting process. Therefore, it is possible to design into the
process safeguards to reduce, though not eliminate, this risk. 

Changes in Internal Control Over Financial
Reporting 

There has been no change in our internal control
over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act) that occurred during our fourth fiscal quarter
ended August 31, 2021 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial
reporting. 

This Annual Report on Form 10-K does not include
an attestation report of the Company s registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management s
report was not subject to attestation by the Company s registered public accounting firm pursuant to temporary rules of the SEC
that permit the Company to provide only management s report in this annual report. 

Item 9B. Other Information 

None. 

46 

PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

Directors and Executive Officers 

The following table sets forth certain information
about our executive officers, key employees and directors as of December 14, 2020. 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Positions and Offices with the Registrant 

Gerald Bailey 
 
 80 
 
 Chairman of the Board of Directors and , Interim Chief Executive 
 
 Ron Cook 
 
 51 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 Vladimir Podlipsky 
 
 56 
 
 Chief Technology Officer 
 
 Robert Dennewald 
 
 67 
 
 Director 
 
 James Fuller 
 
 81 
 
 Director 

Biographies 

The following are brief biographies of our officers
and directors: 

Gerald Bailey, Chairman and Interim
Chief Executive Officer 

Dr. Bailey has over 50 years of experience in
the international petroleum industry in all aspects, both upstream and downstream with specific Middle East skills and U.S. onshore/offshore
sectors. Dr. Bailey currently serves as our President, a position he has held since July 2017 when he resigned as our Chief Executive
Officer. He previously served as our Chief Executive Officer from 2014 until July 2017 and has been a member of our Board of Directors
since 2011. Dr. Bailey is currently the Chairman of Bailey Petroleum, LLC, a consulting firm for major oil and gas exploration/development
corporations, a position he has held since 1997. In addition, Dr. Bailey is Chief Operating Officer of Indoklanicsa, Nicaragua (since
2012), and Vice Chairman, Trinity Energy Group, Inc. (since 2012) Dr. Bailey is retired from Exxon, lastly as President, Arabian Gulf. 
During his Exxon career, he also served as the Assistant General Manager, Administration Commercial, Abu Dhabi Onshore Oil Company;
Operations Manager, Qatar General Petroleum Corp., Dukhan Operations and the Operations Manager, Qatar General Petroleum Corp., Umm Said
Operations. He was also the Operations Superintendent, Exxon Lago Oil, Aruba and has spent time in Libya as Operations Superintendent
for Esso Standard, Libya, Brega, with experience in LNG and oil field production. His earlier career included service with Texaco
where he gained skills in oil additives and petrochemicals manufacturing. 

Dr. Bailey holds a BS Degree in Chemical Engineering
from the University of Houston, an MS Degree in Chemical Engineering from the New Jersey Institute of Technology, Newark, New Jersey,
a PhD Degree from Columbia Pacific University, San Rafael, California and is a graduate of Engineering Doctoral Studies from Lamar University,
Beaumont, TX. He has written many articles, papers and studies on the oil industry, and has been a keynote speaker of many international
industry conferences including the Money Show conference with his address, The Future of Oil Gas Developments, and
FreedomFest Conference, Investing in Oil, and also has appeared recently on national Chinese television discussing the World
Energy Outlook. He is a member of the Middle East Policy Council, Society of Petroleum Engineers and the American Institute of
Chemical Engineers. 

We selected Dr. Bailey to serve on our board because
he brings a strong business background to our Company and adds significant strategic, business and financial experience. Dr. Bailey s
business background provides him with a broad understanding of the issues facing our Company, the financial markets and the financing
opportunities available to us. 

Ron Cook, Chief Financial Officer 

Mr. Cook was appointed as the Chief Financial Officer of the Company
with effect from October 31, 2021. 

Mr. Cook is a Certified Public Accountant
(CPA) with: 

Twenty-one years of experience at CPA firms specializing in tax consulting and compliance, accounting
statement preparation and all aspects of business consulting; and 

Six
 years of experience in financial management in the hospitality technology and school construction
 management industries, as both a Controller and Vice President of Finance. 

Concurrently while serving as the Company s
Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Cook will continue to work at BNG Accountancy Corporation, a Los Angeles, California based accounting and
business management firm specializing in strategic advisory services, including tax consulting and compliance, accounting statement preparation,
due diligence assistance, arbitration support, foreign bank account tracing and analysis, and general business consulting. He has
been with BNG Accountancy Corporation continuously since 2008, after serving as Vice President - Finance at SGI Construction Management
of Pasadena, California, between 2005 and 2008. His experience includes past employment as a CPA at Deloitte and Touche, LLP (1996-1999)
and Arthur Andersen LLP (1994-1996). 

Mr. Cook is a graduate of California
State University, Northridge, where he earned a Bachelor of Science degree in 1995, and is admitted as a CPA in the State of California. 

47 

Vladimir Podlipsky, Director and Chief
Technology Officer 

Dr. Podlipsky was appointed as a director of the
Company with effect from August 6, 2021. Dr. Podlipsky has served as our Chief Technology Officer since May 2011. He has extensive experience
as a researcher in many senior science disciplines, involved in oil extraction technologies, automobile care, household consumer and cosmetic
products and research into mold remediation products, all with a focus on the utilization of benign solvents/solutions. Previously, he
held research appointments in new product development for EMD Biosciences, Inc., (Merck KgaA, Darnstadt, Germany), and worked as Chief
Chemist in Research Development for Nanotech, Inc., Los Angeles, California, and as Chief Chemist for Premier Chemical, Compton,
California. He is a former Premier Chemical Scientist at UCLA s Department of Chemistry. Dr. Podlipsky owns patents for innovative
fuel additives and car care products and has authored several papers involving fuel re-formulator products and mold remediation. He is
currently involved in research and development of new petroleum industry products, systems and technologies. 

Dr. Podlipsky is the principal research scientist
responsible for the development of Petroteq Energy Inc. s technologies used in its various oil extraction programs in Utah, and
has recently finalized all fabrication/assembly details for the company s first oil sands extraction plant installed at Asphalt
Ridge, Utah. He has worked extensively with a variety of suppliers from the U.S. and Eastern Europe in the planning and design stages
of the extraction unit s systems. He holds a PhD Degree in Bio-Organic Chemistry from the Institute of Bio-Organic Chemistry 
Petroleum Chemistry, Kiev, Ukraine, and a Degree in MS-Organic Chemistry from the Department of Chemistry, Kiev State University, Kiev,
Ukraine. 

Robert Dennewald, Director 

Mr. Dennewald has served as a member of our board
since April 2015. He has been the Chairman of Business Federation Luxembourg (FEDIL) from 2006 until 2016 and a Vice President of
the Luxembourg Chamber of Commerce. He is also a member of the Board of Directors of the Jean-Pierre Pescatore Charity Foundation. He
is the president of investment fund EUREFI S.A. and the angel investor of Cleantech Company APATEQ. In 2006 he initiated, together with
four financial partners, a MBO/LBO takeover of the Eurobeton Group. In 2010, through a secondary buy-out, he took a controlling interest
in Eurobeton, which is a main supplier of building materials in Luxembourg with its subsidiary Chaux de Contern. Mr. Dennewald obtained
a degree in civil engineering at the University of Li ge (B). 

We selected Mr. Dennewald to serve on our board
because he brings a strong business background to our Company and adds significant strategic, business and financial experience. Mr. Dennewald s
business background provides him with a broad understanding of the issues facing us, the financial markets and the financing opportunities
available to us. 

James Fuller , Director 

Mr. James W. Fuller, MBA, was appointed to our
Board of Directors in March 2020. He has been the Chief Executive Officer, President, Chief Financial Officer and Secretary of Beauty
Brands Group Inc. since February 5, 2013 and serves as its Chairman and Principal Accounting Officer. Since March 2008, Mr. Fuller has
been a Partner in the Private equity firm, Baytree Capital Associates, LLC, where he oversees the West Coast operations and their interests
in the Far East including China. In 2007 and 2008, he was the Owner of Northcoast Financial brokerage. He served as Senior Vice President
of Marketing for Charles Schwab and Company from 1981 to 1985. Subsequently, he served key roles as the President of Bull Bear Group,
a mutual fund/discount brokerage company in New York. He served as the Senior Vice President of the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) from
1976 to 1981, where he was responsible for corporate development, marketing, corporate listing and regulation oversight, research and
public affairs. He served as Senior Vice president of Bridge Information Systems. He was the Founder and Head of Morgan Fuller Capital
Group. He has over 30 years experience in the brokerage and related financial services industries. His financial career started
in 1968 with J. Barth Company in San Francisco. He served as West Coast Managing Director for New York based investment banking
and trading firm from 1972 to 1974. He managed the consulting practice for the Investment Industries Division of SRI International, where
he directed a study on the future of the Securities Industry from 1974 to 1976. His other projects included the development and implementation
of the Cash Management Account for Merrill Lynch, which is a standard throughout the brokerage industry. He served as the Chairman of
Pacific Research Institute. He has been a Director at Beauty Brands Group Inc. since February 5, 2013, Kogeto, Inc. since April 10, 2015
and Oklahoma Energy Corp. since 1998. He has been an Independent Director of Cavitation Technologies, Inc., since February 15, 2010 and
serves as its Member of Advisory Board. He served as a Director of Bridge Information Systems. He served as an Independent Director of
Propell Technologies Group, Inc. from October 14, 2011 to February 17, 2015. He served as a Director of TapImmune, Inc. from May 18, 2012
to February 6, 2013. He served on the Board of Trustees of the University of California, Santa Cruz for 12 years. He served on the Board
of Directors of the Securities Investor Protection Corporation (SIPC) until 1987. He is a Member of the Board of the International Institute
of Education. He is an Elected Member and Vice Chairman for Finance of the San Francisco Republican Central Committee and is a Member
of the Pacific Council for International Policy, Commonwealth Club. He was a Member of the Committee of Foreign Relations. Mr. Fuller
received his MBA in Finance from California State University and Bachelor of Science in Marketing and Political Science from San Jose
State University. 

We chose Mr. Fuller to serve as a member of our
Board of Directors due to his extensive business experience, which makes him a valuable member of our Board of Directors. 

Family Relationships 

There are no family relationships between any
of our directors or executive officers. 

48 

Item 11. Executive Compensation. 

Executive Compensation 

The following table sets forth for the two years
ended August 31, 2021 and August 31, 2020 the compensation awarded to, paid to, or earned by, our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial
Officer and our other most highly compensated executive officer whose total compensation during such years exceeded 100,000. We refer
to these officers as our named executive officers. Certain columns were excluded as the information was not applicable. 

Summary Compensation Table 

Name and Principal Position (1) 
 Year 
 Salary ) 
 Bonus ) 
 All Other Compensation (2) 
 Stock Awards ) 
 Option Awards ) (12) 
 Total 

Dr. Gerald Bailey 
 2021 
 70,000 
 - 
 36,000 (2) 
 - 
 152,707 (11) 
 258,707 
 
 Interim Chief Executive officer 
 2020 
 - 
 - 
 40,000 (3) 
 - 
 173,068 (11) 
 177,068 

Aleksander Blyumkin 
 2021 
 240,000 
 - 
 55,967 (4) 
 - 
 - 
 295,968 
 
 Former Executive Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and director 
 2020 
 366,254 
 - 
 60,000 (5) 
 - 
 - 
 426,254 

George Stapleton 
 2021 
 360,000 (6) 
 - 
 - 
 58,879 (7) 
 145,123 (8) 
 564,002 
 
 Chief Operating officer 
 2020 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

David Sealock 
 2021 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Former Chief Executive Officer and director 
 2020 
 39,185 
 - 
 18,387 (9) 
 
 127,256 (10) 
 184,828 

Vladimir Podlipsky 
 2020 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 152,707 (11) 
 152,707 
 
 Chief Technology Officer 
 2019 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 173,068 (11) 
 173,068 

(1) 
 The business address for each officer listed above is: Petroteq Energy Inc., 15315 Magnolia Blvd., #120, Sherman Oaks, California 91403. 

(2) 
 Dr. Bailey earned 36,000 of directors fees for the year ended August 31 2021. 

(3) 
 Dr. Bailey earned 36,000 of directors fees for the year ended August 31 2020 and 4,000 for services rendered. 

(4) 
 Mr. Blyumkin earned 55,967 of directors fees until August 6, 2021, the date of his resignation. 

(5) 
 Mr. Blyumkin earned 60,000 of director s fees for the financial years ended August 31, 2020. 

(6) 
 Mr. Stapleton s salary was paid for by Valkor LLC and reimbursed by the Company. 

(7) 
 Mr. Stapleton was granted 1,000,000 common shares on January 25, 2021, valued at 58,879 on the grant date. 

(8) 
 Mr. Stapleton was awarded a five year option exercisable for 3,000,000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of CDN 0.085 per share, 750,000 vesting on each of October 7, 2020, December 7, 2020, February 7, 2021 and April 7, 2021. 

(9) 
 Mr. Sealock earned 18,387 of director s fees for the financial years ended August 31, 2020. 

(10) 
 On June 6, 2018, Mr. Sealock was awarded ten year share purchase options exercisable over 1,000,000 common shares at an exercise price of CDN 1.00 per share, these share purchase options vest in equal amounts over a three year period. Mr. Sealock resigned with effect from March 3, 2020, his options expired on June 3, 2020 and were no longer amortized from that date. 

(11) 
 On June 6, 2018, dr. Bailey and Dr. Podlipsky were awarded ten year share purchase options exercisable over 1,000,000 common shares at an exercise price of CDN 1.00 per share, these share purchase options vest in equal amounts over a three year period. 

(12) 
 The share purchase options issued to directors and officers on June 6, 2018 were valued at grant date using a Black Scholes valuation model. The assumptions used in the valuation were as follows: Weighted average exercise price of CDN 1.00, exercise price CDN 1.00, term of share purchase option: 10 years, risk free interest rate of 2.16 and computed volatility of the underlying stock of 125 and expected dividend yield of 0 . 

49 

Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year End 

The table below summarizes all unexercised options,
stock that has not vested, and equity incentive plan awards for each named executive officer as of August 31, 2021: 

OPTION AWARDS 
 
 STOCK
 AWARDS 

Number of securities underlying 
 unexercised options Exercisable 
 Number of securities underlying 
 unexercised options Unexercisable 
 Equity incentive plan awards: 
 Number of securities underlying unearned options 
 Option exercise price 
 Option expiry 
 Number of shares or units of stock
 that have not vested 
 Market value of shares or units of 
 stock that have not vested 
 Equity incentive plan awards: 
 Number of unearned shares, units or other rights that have not vested 
 Equity incentive plan awards: 
 Market or payout value of unearned shares, units or other rights that have not vested 
 
 Name 
 (#) 
 (#) 
 (#) 
 ) 
 Date 
 (#) 
 ) 
 (#) 
 ) 

Dr. Gerald Bailey (1) 
 475,000 
 - 
 - 
 CDN 
 2.27 
 11/30/2027 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

1,000,000 
 - 
 - 
 CDN 
 1.00 
 6/6/2028 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Aleksandr Blyumkin 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Dr. Vladimir Podlipsky (2) 
 1,000,000 
 - 
 - 
 CDN 
 1.00 
 6/6/2028 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

George Stapleton (3) 
 3,000,000 
 - 
 - 
 CDN 
 0.085 
 8/7/25 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

(1) 
 Dr. Bailey was awarded 475,000 options on November 30, 2017, of which all are vested. In addition, Dr. Bailey was awarded 1,000,000 options on June 6, 2018 of which all are vested. 

(2) 
 Dr. Podlipsky was awarded 1,000,000 options on June 6, 2018 of which all are vested. 

(3) 
 Mr. Stapleton was awarded a five year option exercisable for 3,000,000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of CDN 0.085 per share, 750,000 vesting on each of October 7, 2020, December 7, 2020, February 7, 2021 and April 7, 2021. Mr. Stapleton was also awarded 1,000,000 restricted shares which shares are only issuable upon approval by the Canadian TSXV Exchange, these shares have not been issued as of December 14, 2020. 

Narrative to Compensation Tables 

Overview 

During the financial years ended August 31, 2021
and 2020, our executive compensation program was administered by our Board of Directors. Our executive compensation program has the objective
of attracting and retaining a qualified and cohesive group of executives, motivating team performance and aligning the interests of executives
with the interests of our shareholders through a package of compensation that is simple and easy to understand and implement. Compensation
under the program was designed to achieve both current and our long-term goals of and to optimize returns to shareholders. In addition,
in order to further align the interests of executives with the interests of our shareholders, we have implemented share ownership incentives
through incentive share purchase options. Our overall compensation objectives are in line with its peer group of oil sands technology
companies with opportunities to participate in equity. 

In determining the total compensation of any member
of senior management, our directors consider all elements of compensation in total rather than one element in isolation. Our directors
also examine the competitive positioning of total compensation and the mix of fixed, incentive and share-based compensation. 

Base Salary 

While there is no official set of benchmarks that
we rely on and there is not a defined list of issuers that we use as a benchmark, we make ourselves aware of, and are cognizant of, how
comparable issuers in our business compensate their executives. Our peer group in connection with salary compensation consists of a sampling
of other oil sands technology companies both private and public. The Executive Chairman and Chief Executive Officer review and update
our directors on the peer group and other informal channels and compares the salaries offered by us against those of the peer group generally
to ensure our salary compensation is within the range of expected annual base salary for the group. 

50 

Bonus Framework 

While our directors believe that a well-balanced
executive compensation program must simultaneously motivate and reward participants to deliver financial results while maintaining focus
on long-term goals that track financial progress and value creation, during the fiscal years ended August 31, 2021 and 2020, we did not
have in place an annual team bonus or discretionary individual bonus plan and we did not pay any bonuses. 

Group Benefits 

We do not offer a group benefits plan of any kind. 

Perquisites and Personal Benefits 

While we reimburse our executive officers for
expenses incurred in the course of performing their duties as executive officers of our company, we did not provide any compensation that
would be considered a perquisite or personal benefit to executive officers. 

Equity Compensation 

2019 Option Plan 

Incentive share purchase options are currently
granted under the 2019 Option Plan, a fixed number share option plan approved by shareholders on November 23, 2018, which amended and
replaced our 2018 Option Plan. Pursuant to the 2019 Option Plan our Board of Directors may from time to time, in its discretion and in
accordance with the TSXV requirements, grant to directors, officers and employees, as well as management company employees and consultants
(as such terms are defined in Policy 4.4 as amended from time to time), non-transferable options to purchase common shares, provided that
the number of common shares reserved for issuance will not exceed 112,831,976, exercisable for a period of up to ten (10) years from the
date of the grant. The number of common shares reserved for issuance to any individual director or officer of our company will not exceed
5 of the issued and outstanding common shares (2 in the case of optionees providing investor relations services to us) unless disinterested
shareholder approval is obtained. The exercise price of any option granted pursuant to the 2019 Option Plan shall be determined by our
Board of Directors when granted, but shall not be less than the Discounted Market Price (as such term is defined in Policy 4.4 as amended
from time to time). Options granted pursuant to the 2019 Option Plan are non-assignable, except by means of a will or pursuant to the
laws of descent and distribution. 

The options may be exercised no later than 12
months following the date the optionee ceases to be a director, officer or consultant of our company, subject to the expiry date of such
option. However, if the employment of an employee or consultant is terminated for cause no option held by such optionee may be exercised
following the date upon which termination occurred. 

The following table sets forth information about
the securities authorized for issuance under our equity compensation plans for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2021. 

Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options 
 Weighted average exercise 
price of 
outstanding options 
 Number of securities remaining for future issuance under equity compensation plans 
 
 Equity Compensation plans approved by the stockholders 
 7,250,000 
 CDN 
 0.79 
 105,581,976 

Employment Agreements 

We do not have any written employment agreements
with any of our executive officers or other employees. 

Pursuant to a Technology Transfer Agreement, effective
November 7, 2011, whereby we acquired from Vladimir Podlipsky certain intellectual property rights relating to extracting bitumen from
oil sands (the Acquired Technology ), we also agreed to employ Dr. Podlipsky to oversee and operate the Acquired Technology
with the compensation of 120,000.00 per year for as long as the Acquired Technology is utilized by us. In consideration for the Acquired
Technology, we issued to Dr. Podlipsky s designee 100,000 shares of our common shares and agreed to issue an additional 1,900,000
shares of our common shares on the date when our extraction facility at the TMC Mineral Lease in Vernal, Utah is assembled and tested.
We further agreed to pay Dr. Podlipsky upon the construction of a second plant utilizing the Acquired Technology and any plants thereafter
using the Acquired Technology a royalty fee of 2 of gross sales if the price of heavy oil is below 60.00 per barrel; 3 of gross sales
if the price of heavy oil is between 60.00 and 69.99 per barrel; 3.5 of gross sales if the price of heavy oil is between 70.00 and
 79.99 and 4 of gross sales if the price of heavy oil is greater than 80.00. 

51 

Director Compensation 

The following table sets forth information for
the fiscal year ended August 31, 2021 regarding the compensation of our directors who at August 31, 2021 were not also named executive
officers. 

Name 
 Fees Earned or Paid in Cash 
 Option Awards (3)(4) 
 Other Compensation 
 Total 
 
 Robert Dennewald 
 36,000 (1) 
 152,707 (2) 
 - 
 188,707 
 
 James Fuller 
 36,000 (1) 
 - 
 - 
 36,000 

1. Mr. Dennewald and Mr. Fuller have
each earned 36,000 of director s fees for the financial year ended August 31, 2021. 

2. On June 6, 2018, Mr. Dennewald was
awarded ten-year share purchase options exercisable over 1,000,000 common shares at an exercise price of CDN 1.00 per share, these share
purchase options vest annually over a three year period. 

4. As of August 31, 2021, the following
are the aggregate number of option and stock awards held by each of our directors who were not also named Executive Officers: 

Name 
 Option awards (Amount) 
 Stock awards (Amount) 
 
 Robert Dennewald (a) 
 1,475,000 
 - 

(a) 
 The options outstanding includes; (i) on November 30, 2017, Mr. Dennewald was awarded an option to purchase 475,000 common shares of which all are vested; (ii) on June 6, 2018, Mr. Dennewald was awarded an option to purchase 1,000,000 common shares of which 500,000 are vested and the remaining 500,000 will vest equally on June 6, 2020 and 2021. 

The share purchase options issued to
directors on November 30, 2017 were valued at grant date using a Black Scholes valuation model. The assumptions used in the valuation
were as follows: Weighted average exercise price of CDN 2.27, exercise price CDN 2.27, term of share purchase option: 10 years, risk free
interest rate of 1.64 and computed volatility of the underlying stock of 127 and expected dividend yield of 0 . 

The share purchase options issued to
directors on June 6, 2018 were valued at grant date using a Black Scholes valuation model. The assumptions used in the valuation were
as follows: Weighted average exercise price of CDN 1.00, exercise price CDN 1.00, term of share purchase option: 10 years, risk free interest
rate of 2.16 and computed volatility of the underlying stock of 125 and expected dividend yield of 0 . 

Compensation Committee Interlocks 

Not Applicable 

52 

Item 12. Security Ownership Of Certain Beneficial Owners And Management.[to
be updated] 

The following table sets forth as of December
10, 2021, the number and percentage of the outstanding shares of common shares which, according to the information supplied to us,
were beneficially owned by (1) each person who is currently a director, (2) each executive officer, (3) all current directors and executive
officers as a group, and (4) each person who, to our knowledge, is the beneficial owner of more than 5 of the outstanding common shares. 

Name and Address (1) 
 Number of Shares Beneficially Owned 
 Percentage of Outstanding shares owned (2) 
 
 Gerald Bailey, Chairman and Interim Chief Executive officer 
 2,053,480 (3) 

Vladimir Podlipsky, Director and Chief Technology Officer 
 1,016,667 (4) 

Robert Dennewald, Director 
 2,053,480 (5) 

James Fuller, Director 
 453,668 (6) 

Ron Cook, Chief Financial Officer 
 - 

All executive officers and directors as a group (5 persons) 
 
 0.9 

5 shareholders 

Aleksandr Blyumkin 
 26,889,436 (7) 
 4.2 
 
 Kitwe Management, Inc 
 41,000,000 (8) 
 6.3 
 
 Cantone Asset Management 
 37,305,598 (9) 
 5.7 

Less than 1 

(1) The business address for each officer
and director listed above is: Petroteq Energy Inc., 15315 Magnolia Blvd., #120, Sherman Oaks, California 91403. 

(2) Based on 646.053,821 common shares
outstanding as of December 10, 2021. 

(3) Is comprised of 578,480 common shares
and share purchase options exercisable for 1,475,000 common shares, of which all are vested. 

(4) Is comprised of 16,667 common shares
and share purchase options exercisable for 1,000,000 common shares, of which all are vested. 

(5) Is comprised of 578,480 common shares
and share purchase options exercisable for 1,475,000 common shares, of which all are vested. 

(6) Is comprised of 453,668 common shares. 

(7) Is comprised of 26,885,420 common
shares held directly, 4,016 common shares held through the Alexander Polina Blyumkin Trust and 1,875,000 share purchase warrants. 

(8) Is comprised of 41,000,000 common
shares. The registered address of Kitwe Management is 350-1168 Hamilton Street, Vancouver, British Columbia V6B 2S2 

(9) Is comprised of 27,688,982 common
shares and warrants exercisable for 9,616,616 common shares. The registered address of Cantone Asset Management is 36 Corbett Way, Eaton
Town, New Jersey, 07724 and all securities are under the dispositive power of Anthony Cantone. 

53 

Item 13. Certain Relationships And Related Transactions, And Director
Independence 

Except as disclosed in this section and under
 Item 6. Executive Compensation there were no related party transactions during the current year or the prior year. 

Director Independence and Related Transactions 

Our Board of Directors is comprised of Gerald
Bailey, Robert Dennewald, and James Fuller, of which Messrs. Dennewald, Bailey and Fuller are deemed to be independent within the meaning
of the TSX Ventures Exchange Corporate Finance Manual (the TSXV Manual and applicable Canadian securities regulations. 

The Board of Directors has appointed only one
standing committee, the Audit Committee. The Board members comprising our Audit Committee are Gerald Bailey, James Fuller and Robert Dennewald,
of which only Messrs. Dennewald and Fuller are deemed to be independent within the meaning of the TSXV Manual and applicable Canadian
securities regulations. 

The Audit Committee meets at least four times
per year. 

Certain Relationships and Related Transactions 

The Company owes outstanding directors fees of
 264,064 and 235,165 as at August 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively, and outstanding salaries and fees to officers and directors of 447,500
and 328,075 for the years ended August 31, 2021 and 2020. 

Related party payables and receivables represent
non-interest-bearing (payables) receivables that are due on demand. 

The balances outstanding are as follows: 

Related Party payables 
 August 31, 2021 
 August 31, 2020 
 
 Aleksandr Blyumkin 
 493,549 
 555,647 
 
 Robert Dennewald 
 - 
 125,000 

493,549 
 680,647 

Alex Blyumkin 

On September 19, 2019 and July 31, 2020, Mr. Blyumkin
subscribed for 696,153 and 15,000,000 common shares for gross proceeds of 90,500 and 600,000. 

On August 20, 2020, a Company controlled by Mr.
Blyumkin entered into a debt settlement agreement, whereby 2,356,374 shares were issued to settle an outstanding promissory note of 94,255. 

On April 28, 2021, Mr. Blyumkin subscribed for
1,166,666 common shares at a price of 0.06 per share for gross proceeds of 70,000. 

On July 12, 2021, the Company issued Mr. Blyumkin
578,480 common shares valued at 40,494 in partial settlement of directors fees outstanding. 

On July 27, 2021, Mr. Blyumkin subscribed for
1,875,000 units at a price of 0.12 per unit for gross proceeds of 225,000. 

Mr. Blyumkin has resigned as an officer and director
of the Company effective August 6, 2021. 

The Company owed Mr. Blyumkin 493,549 and 555,647
as at August 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

54 

George Stapleton 

On January 25, 2021, Mr. Stapleton was awarded
1,000,000 common shares valued at 58,879 as part of his compensation package. 

On August 7, 2020, Mr. Stapleton was awarded options
exercisable for 3,000,000 common shares exercisable at 0.085 per share and valued at 165,855. The options vested over an eight month
period. 

On November 30, 2021, Mr. George Stapleton retired as the Chief Operating
Officer of the Company. 

Dr. Gerald Bailey 

On July 12, 2021, the Company issued Dr. Bailey
578,480 common shares valued at 40,494 in partial settlement of directors fees outstanding. 

On August 6, 2021, the Board of Directors of the
Company has appointed Dr. R. Gerald Bailey, a current director and former Chief Executive Officer of the Company, as Chairman of the Board
of Directors and Interim Chief Executive Officer. The Company has not entered into a written employment agreement with Dr. Bailey. 
Dr. Bailey is entitled to cash compensation of 10,000 per month in his new role. The Board of Directors is responsible for reviewing
compensation paid to the Company s executive officers on an annual basis. 

Robert Dennewald 

On October 31, 2019 and March 11, 2020, Mr. Dennewald
advanced the Company 50,000 and 25,000, respectively as short-term loans. The loans are interest free The total loans outstanding as
of August 31, 2020 was 125,000. 

During June 2021, in terms of an exchange agreement
entered into with Mr. Dennewald, Mr. Dennewald exchanged three promissory notes dated August 1, 2019, October 31, 2019 and March 3, 2020
totaling 125,000 for a 125,000 convertible promissory note bearing interest at 8 per annum and maturing on February 12, 2022. 

On June 10, 2021, in terms of an Assignment and
Purchase of Debt Agreement entered into between Mr. Dennewald and Equilibris Management AG Equilibris ), the 125,000 Convertible
Promissory Note owing to the director was purchased and assigned to Equilibris. 

On July 12, 2021, the Company issued Mr. Dennewald
578,480 common shares valued at 40,494 in partial settlement of directors fees outstanding. 

The Company owed Mr. Dennewald 0 and 125,000
in terms of promissory notes due to him as at August 31, 2021 and 2020. 

James Fuller 

On July 12, 2021, the Company issued Mr. Fuller
228,668 common shares valued at 16,007 in partial settlement of directors fees outstanding. 

55 

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 

Hay and Watson serves as our independent registered public accounting
firm. 

Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Fees and Services 

The following table sets forth the aggregate fees
including expenses billed to us for the years ended August 31, 2021 and 2020 by our auditors: 

Year ended August 31, 2021 
 Year ended August 31, 2020 
 
 Audit fees and expenses 
 
 155,000 
 
 Taxation preparation fees 
 
 5,000 
 
 Audit related fees 
 
 20,000 
 
 Other fees 
 
 - 

180,000 

(1) Audit fees and expenses were for
professional services rendered for the audit and reviews of the consolidated financial statements of the Company, professional services
rendered for issuance of consents and assistance with review of documents filed with the SEC. 

(2) Taxation preparation fees were fees
for professional services rendered to file our federal and state tax returns. 

(3) We incurred fees to our independent
auditors of 20,000 and 20,000 for audit related fees during the fiscal years ended August 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

(4) We incurred fees to our independent
auditors of 0 for other fees during the fiscal years ended August 31, 2021 and 2020. 

Audit Committee s Pre-Approval Practice. 

Prior to our engagement of our independent auditor,
such engagement was approved by our board of directors. The services provided under this engagement may include audit services, audit-related
services, tax services and other services. Pre-approval is generally provided for up to one year and any pre-approval is detailed as to
the particular service or category of services and is generally subject to a specific budget. Pursuant our requirements, the independent
auditors and management are required to report to our board of directors at least quarterly regarding the extent of services provided
by the independent auditors in accordance with this pre-approval, and the fees for the services performed to date. Our board of directors
may also pre-approve particular services on a case-by-case basis. 

56 

Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement
Schedules and Reports on Form 10-K 

(a)(1) 
 The following financial statements are included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2021. 

1. 
 Independent Auditor s Report 

2. 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of August 31, 2021 and 2020 

3. 
 Consolidated Statements of Loss and Comprehensive Loss for the years ended August 31, 2021 and 2020 

4. 
 Consolidated Statements of changes in Shareholders Equity for the years ended August 31, 2021 and 2020 

5. 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended August 31, 2021 and 2020 

6. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

(a)(2) 
 All financial statement schedules have been omitted as the required information is either inapplicable or included in the Financial Statements or related notes included in Part II, Item 8 hereof. 

(a)(3) 
 The following exhibits listed below are required by Item 601 of Regulation S-K. Each management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement required to be filed as an exhibit to this report has been identified. 

Exhibits: 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Title of Document 

3.1 
 
 Articles of Amalgamation filed December 12, 2012 (Incorporated by reference to the registration on Form 10 (Commission No. 000-55991) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 22, 2019) 
 
 3.2 
 
 Bylaws (Incorporated by reference to the registration on Form 10 (Commission No. 000-55991) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 22, 2019) 
 
 3.3 
 
 Articles of Amendment filed May 5, 2017 (Incorporated by reference to the registration on Form 10 (Commission No. 000-55991) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 22, 2019) 
 
 4.1 
 
 Specimen of Stock Certificate evidencing the Common Shares (Incorporated by reference to the registration on Form 10 (Commission No. 000-55991) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 22, 2019) 

4.2 
 
 2018 Stock Option Plan (Incorporated by reference to the registration on Form 10 (Commission No. 000-55991) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 22, 2019) 
 
 10.1 
 
 Technology Transfer Agreement, between MCW Energy Group Limited and Vladimir Podlipsky, effective as of November 7, 2011 (Incorporated by reference to the registration on Form 10 (Commission No. 000-55991) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 22, 2019) 
 
 10.2 
 
 Mining and Mineral Lease Agreement between Asphalt Ridge, Inc. and TMC Capital, LLC dated July 1, 2013 (Incorporated by reference to the registration on Form 10 (Commission No. 000-55991) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 22, 2019 
 
 10.3 
 
 First Amendment to Mining and Mineral Lease Agreement between Asphalt Ridge, Inc. and TMC Capital, LLC dated as of October 1, 2015 (Incorporated by reference to the registration on Form 10 (Commission No. 000-55991) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 22, 2019) 

10.4 
 
 Reinstatement of and Second Amendment to Mining and Mineral Lease Agreement between Asphalt Ridge, Inc. and TMC Capital, LLC dated as of March 1, 2016 (Incorporated by reference to the registration on Form 10 (Commission No. 000-55991) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 22, 2019) 

10.5 
 
 Form of Director and Officer Indemnification Agreement (Incorporated by reference to the registration on Form 10 (Commission No. 000-55991) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 22, 2019# 

10.6 
 
 Office Lease, between Camp Granada LLC, as Lessor, and PetroBloq LLC, as Lessee, dated January 17, 2018 (Incorporated by reference to the registration on Form 10 (Commission No. 000-55991) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 22, 2019) 

10.7 
 
 Third Amendment to Mining and Mineral Lease Agreement between Asphalt Ridge, Inc. and TMC Capital, LLC dated as of February 21, 2018 (Incorporated by reference to the registration on Form 10 (Commission No. 000-55991) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 22, 2019) 
 
 10.8 
 
 Distributed Ledger Technology Services Agreement between Petroteq Energy, Inc. and First Bitcoin Capital Corp. dated November 3, 2017 (Incorporated by reference to the registration on Form 10 (Commission No. 000-55991) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 22, 2019) 
 
 10.9 
 
 Fourth Amendment to Mining and Mineral Lease Agreement between Asphalt Ridge, Inc. and TMC Capital, LLC dated November 21, 2018 (Incorporated by reference to the registration on Form 10 (Commission No. 000-55991) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 22, 2019) 
 
 10.10 
 
 Utah State Mineral Lease for Bituminous-Asphaltic Sands dated June 1, 2018 - Mineral Lease No 53806 (Incorporated by reference to the registration on Form 10 (Commission No. 000-55991) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 22, 2019) 

57 

10.11 
 
 Utah State Mineral Lease for Bituminous-Asphaltic Sands dated June 1, 2018 - Mineral Lease No 53807 (Incorporated by reference to the registration on Form 10 (Commission No. 000-55991) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 22, 2019) 
 
 10.12 
 
 Statement of Work dated June 5, 2018 for services provided by MehzOhanian (Incorporated by reference to the registration on Form 10 (Commission No. 000-55991) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 22, 2019) 
 
 10.13 
 
 Statement of Work dated September 24, 2018 for services provided by MehzOhanian (Incorporated by reference to the registration on Form 10 (Commission No. 000-55991) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 22, 2019) 
 
 10.14 
 
 Assignment of Federal Oil and Gas Lease between Momentum Asset Partners LLC, and TMC Capital, LLC, dated April 1, 2019 (Incorporated by reference to the registration on Form 10 (Commission No. 000-55991) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 22, 2019) 
 
 10.15 
 
 Assignment of Federal Oil and Gas Lease between Momentum Asset Partners LLC, and TMC Capital, LLC, dated April 1, 2019 (Incorporated by reference to the registration on Form 10 (Commission No. 000-55991) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 22, 2019) 
 
 10.16 
 
 Debenture Line of Credit dated September 17, 2018 with Bay Private Equity Inc. (Incorporated by reference to the registration on Form 10 (Commission No. 000-55991) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 22, 2019 
 
 10.17 
 
 Debenture Line of Credit dated September 17, 2018 with Bay Private Equity (Incorporated by reference to the registration on Amendment No. 1 to Form 10 (Commission No. 000-55991) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 24, 2019) 
 
 10.18 
 
 Fifth Amendment To Mining And Mineral Lease Agreement with Asphalt Ridge, Inc. (Incorporated by reference to the registration on Amendment No. 1 to Form 10 (Commission No. 000-55991) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 5, 2019) 
 
 10.19 
 
 Management and Operations Services Agreement dated as of May 1, 2020 between Petroteq Energy Inc. and Valkor LLC. (Incorporated by reference to the annual report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 15, 2020.) 
 
 10.20 
 
 Amended and Restated Debt Conversion Agreement dated as of August 15, 2020 between Petroteq Energy Inc. and Valkor LLC. (Incorporated by reference to the annual report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 15, 2020.) 
 
 10.21 
 
 Technology License Agreement dated November 14, 2020 between Petroteq Energy Inc. and Greenfield Energy, LLC. (Incorporated by reference to the annual report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 15, 2020.) 

10.22 
 
 Short-Term Mining and Mineral Sublease dated as of August 20, 2020 between Valkor, LLC and TMC Capital, LLC. (Incorporated by reference to the annual report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 15, 2020.) 
 
 10.23 
 
 Letter Agreement dated April 17, 2020 between Momentum Asset Partners II, LLC and TMC Capital, LLC. (Incorporated by reference to amendment no. 2 to the quarterly report on Form 10-Q/A for the quarterly period ended February 29, 2020 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 19, 2021.) 

10.24 
 
 Agreement governing the assignment of operating rights under Utah State Mineral Rights dated October 15, 2021, between TMC Capital, LLC and Valkor Energy Holdings, LLC 
 
 10.25 
 
 Agreement and Assignment of Participation Rights in Mineral Leases and Properties dated October 15, 2021, between Valkor Energy Holdings, LLC and TMC Capital, LLC. 
 
 10.26 
 
 Assignment of Utah State Lease for bituminous-asphaltic sands dated October 25, 2021, between Petroteq Energy Inc. (Assignor) and Valkor Energy Holdings, LLC (Assignee) 
 
 10.27 
 
 Assignment of Utah State Lease for bituminous-asphaltic sands dated October 25, 2021, between Petroteq Oil Recovery, LLC (Assignor) and Valkor Energy Holdings, LLC (Assignee) 
 
 10.28 
 
 Assignment of Utah State Lease for bituminous-asphaltic sands dated October 25, 2021, between Valkor Energy Holdings, LLC (Assignor) and TMC Capital, LLC (Assignee) 
 
 10.29 
 
 Assignment of Mining and Mineral Rights, dated October 25, 2021, TMC Capital, LLC (assignor) and Valkor Energy Holdings, LLC (Assignee) 
 
 10.30 
 
 Assignment of Operating Rights under Utah State Mineral Leases for bituminous-Asphaltic Sands, dated October 26, 2021 between TMC Capital (Assignor) and Valkor Energy Holdings, LLC (Assignee) 

21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries of the Registrant 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer, pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer, pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) (1) 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer, pursuant to Section 1350 of Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer, pursuant to Section 1350 of Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

Filed herewith 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 

Not applicable. 

58 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or
15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned. 

PETROTEQ ENERGY INC. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ R.G. Bailey 
 
 Interim Chief Executive Officer 
 
 December 14, 2021 
 
 R. Gerald Bailey 
 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Ron Cook 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 December 14, 2021 
 
 Ron Cook 
 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each
person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints each of Gerald Bailey and Ron Cook, acting individually, as his true and
lawful attorney-in-fact and agent, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, for him and in his name, place and stead, in any
and all capacities, to sign any and all amendments to this report, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto, and other documents
in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, full power and
authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in connection therewith, as fully to all intents
and purposes as he might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents, or their substitutes
or substitute, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Act of 1934, this report has been signed by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Date: December 14, 2021 
 By: 
 /s/ R.G. Bailey 

R. Gerald Bailey 

Interim Chief Executive Officer 

Date: December 14, 2021 
 By: 
 /s/ James Fuller 

James Fuller 

Director 

Date: December 14, 2021 
 By: 
 /s/ Robert Dennewald 

Robert Dennewald 

Director 

Date: December 14, 2021 
 By: 
 /s/ Vladimir Podlipsky 

Vladimir Podlipsky 

Director 

59 

<EX-10.24>
 2
 f10k2021ex10-24_petroteq.htm
 AGREEMENT GOVERNING THE ASSIGNMENT OF OPERATING RIGHTS UNDER UTAH STATE MINERAL RIGHTS DATED OCTOBER 15, 2021, BETWEEN TMC CAPITAL, LLC AND VALKOR ENERGY HOLDINGS, LLC

Exhibit 10.24 

AGREEMENT GOVERNING ASSIGNMENT
OF OPERATING RIGHTS 

 UNDER UTAH STATE MINERAL LEASES 

This AGREEMENT GOVERNING ASSIGNMENT OF OPERATING RIGHTS Agreement ), dated and made effective as of October 15, 2021 Effective Date ), is entered
into by and between TMC CAPITAL, LLC TMC Capital ), a Utah limited liability company, having offices at 15315
W. Magnolia Boulevard, Suite 120, Sherman Oaks, California 91402, and VALKOR ENERGY HOLDINGS, LLC Valkor ), a
Utah limited liability company, having offices at 21732 Provincial Boulevard, Suite 160, Katy, Texas 77450 (the parties hereto
sometimes herein referred to individually as a Party or collectively as the Parties ). 

W I T N E S S E T H 

A. 
 TMC Capital and Valkor have entered into an Agreement Governing Reciprocal Assignment of Mineral Leases dated October 15, 2021
(the Agreement ), in and under Valkor has agreed to assign and transfer to TMC Capital all of its right, title and
interest in and to certain Utah State Mineral Leases for Bituminous-Asphaltic Sands, executed between the State of Utah, acting by and
through the School and Institutional Trust Lands Administration SITLA ), as lessor, and Valkor Energy Holdings, LLC,
as lessee (successor-in-interest to the original lessee), all as more particularly described in Exhibit A hereto (collectively,
the Leases 

B. Upon
SITLA s approval of Valkor s assignment of the Leases to TMC Capital as contemplated under the Agreement, TMC Capital
shall hold the Record Title and 100 of the operating rights (working interests) under the Leases. 

C. 
 TMC Capital desires, upon becoming the owner of Record Title under the Leases, to assign and transfer to Valkor certain Operating
Rights under the Leases within the Specified Depths, subject to a reservation of Participation Rights, under and in accordance with the
terms of this Agreement. 

NOW, THEREFORE,
for and in consideration of the mutual promises, covenants and agreements contained herein and for other good and valuable consideration,
the receipt and sufficiency of which are acknowledged by each of the Parties, the Parties hereby agree as follows: 

ARITICLE
I 

 DEFINITIONS; PROCEDURAL USAGE 

1.01
 Defined Terms . 

Capitalized terms used in this Agreement,
unless otherwise defined in the text hereof, shall have the following meanings: 

Actual
Invoice means an invoice prepared by Valkor and delivered to TMC Capital under or pursuant to Section 3.05, which describes
in reasonable detail the Costs that have been incurred by Valkor in conducting any E P Operation and the Cost-Share that is owed by
each Party that has elected to participate in the E P Operation as provided in Article III. 

Advance
Cost Estimate means a written estimate of all or a part of the Costs associated with any E P Operation conducted or proposed
by Valkor that describes in reasonable detail the estimated Costs of such E P Operation and the Cost-Share that will be owed by each
Party that has elected to participate in the E P Operation as provided in Article III. 

Page 1 of 25 

AFE 
 means an Authority for Expenditure prepared for the purpose of estimating the costs to be incurred in connection with any proposed
E P Operation. 

Affiliate 
means, with reference to a Party, any Person owning fifty percent (50 or more of the voting stock or similar equity interest of such
Party; any Person in which such Party owns fifty percent (50 or more of its voting stock or similar equity interests; or any Person
fifty percent (50 or more of whose voting stock or similar equity interests is owned by the same entity that owns fifty percent (50 or more of the voting stock or similar equity interests of such Party. 

Assignment
of Operating Rights means the assignment instrument executed and delivered by TMC Capital to Valkor substantially in the form
of Exhibit B hereto. 

Confidentiality Period has the meaning
specified in Section 6.01. 

Costs means
all of the costs and expenses incurred in conducting any E P Operation or in the design, construction and/or operation of any Oil
Sands Processing Plant. 

Cost-Share or
 Cost Allocation means that portion of any Costs owed or to be borne by a Party that is attributable to its Participation
Interest in any E P Operation or in the design, construction and/or operation of any Oil Sands Processing Plant. 

Disclosing Party has the meaning specified
in Section 6.01. 

Dispute has the meaning specified
in Section 11.02. 

E P Data means Exploratory Data
or Production Data, or both. 

E P
Operation means either an Exploratory Operation or a Production Operation, in each case under or pursuant to Valkor s
commercial exploitation of the Operating Rights assigned to Valkor under or pursuant to the terms of this Agreement. 

Exploratory
Data means any and all airborne, surface and subsurface information and data, whether geological or geophysical in nature or
generated by use of sensory devices, techniques or technologies, that are or may be useful in evaluating the surface or subsurface of
lands for the presence of Leased Substances and other minerals in various structures and formations at any depth, including seismic, gravity
and magnetic data; well data, logs, coring, cuttings and bottom samples; gas detector readings, formation fluid tests, and pressure data;
and images and imaging, contouring and mapping resulting from the deployment of sensor or sensory systems that utilize, among other things,
acoustic, seismic, optic or electro-optic, infrared, hyperspectral, radiological, meteorological, and other active or passive sensory
data, devices, techniques or technologies; and reports, analyses, tests and test results, electronic images, surveys, maps and other devices
that evaluate and process any of the foregoing. 

Exploratory
Operation means any exploratory activity or operation conducted by Valkor within the scope of the Operating Rights granted
to Valkor hereunder or pursuant to this Agreement, including seismic studies, mapping, remote sensing imaging, core drilling, geophysical
studies or profiling and any other operation whose primary objective is the exploration for, characterization and measurement of deposits
or reservoirs of Leased Substances, or any of them. 

Leased Substances 
means, and is synonymous with, the term leased substances as defined and used in the Leases. 

Page 2 of 25 

Mine 
means any mining claim, mine or mine site, mineral deposit, ore deposit, quarry or mining lease and any related shaft, tunnel, incline,
drift or excavation on or within the lands included in or within any of the Leases, including any mine or mine site under any permit issued
by the Utah Division of Oil, Gas and Minerals. 

Net Production 
 means production and capture of Raw Production at the surface of any Mine, Well or other E P Operation, subject to (and as may
be reduced by) any part or portion thereof required for the payment of any applicable severance, production, sales, value added and other
taxes imposed based on the value thereof and in the payment of any Royalty payable thereon or attributable thereto. 

Net Revenue 
 means the gross revenue received from the first sale of any Leased Substance, including any hydrocarbon or non-hydrocarbon product,
byproduct or substance produced or derived from any Leased Substance through extraction, processing and upgrading at any Oil Sands Processing
Plant, less and except (a) all applicable severance, production, sales, value added and other taxes imposed based on the value thereof,
(b) all transportation and related costs incurred in transporting or moving any such hydrocarbons, hydrocarbon products and other products
from the tailgate of the Plant (or adjoining storage tanks) to the first purchaser thereof or to a delivery point designated in any sales
and purchase agreement relating thereto, and (c) the applicable amount of any Royalty and other burdens payable to any owner of such Royalty
under or with respect to any of the Leases. 

Oil Sands
Processing Plant or Plant means any oil sands plant or facility located on or within the lands included
in the Leases, or any of them, designed, constructed and operated primarily for the extraction, processing and upgrading Leased Substances,
or any of them, into marketable crude oil, hydrocarbon substances, and other products (including any constituent or derivative of any
Leased Substances and any byproduct produced or generated by or from the extraction, processing or upgrading of any Leased Substance). 

Operating
Rights means the exclusive right, subject to the grant or reservation of Participation Rights under this Agreement or in the
Assignment of Operating Rights, to explore for, mine, extract, produce, capture and market Leased Substances, or any derivative or product
thereof, under or within the scope of terms of the Leases, or any of them, subject to and within the Specified Depths. The term Operating
Rights shall not include the primary obligation of the owner(s) of the Record Title in and to the Leases with respect to the payment
of royalty and the right to assign or dispose of any interest under the Leases. 

Participation
Interest means the percentage of participation that TMC Capital elects to assume in any E P Operation conducted by Valkor
under or pursuant to the Operating Rights granted to Valkor in and under the Leases, in each case in the exercise of its Participation
Right expressed as a percentage of 100 of the working interests in the E P Operation. 

Participation
Rights means the right granted to or reserved by TMC Capital hereunder and in the Assignment of Operating Rights to participate
as a working interest owner in any E P Operation and in any Oil Sands Processing Plant. 

Person 
 means any natural person, corporation, company, partnership (including both general and limited partnerships), limited liability company,
sole proprietorship, association, joint stock company, firm, trust, trustee, joint venture, unincorporated organization, executor, administrator,
legal representative or other legal entity, including any governmental authority. 

Page 3 of 25 

Plant
AFE means an AFE covering the design, construction and operation of a proposed Oil Sands Processing Plant as provided in Section
4.01. 

Plant
Net Proceeds means the proceeds received by the operator of an Oil Sands Processing Plant from and based on the sale or disposition
of crude oil, bitumen, hydrocarbon products or substances, and other byproducts (whether or not such byproducts are derived from Leased
Substances or other minerals or materials) produced, extracted, processed or upgraded at the Plant, less and as reduced by (a) all applicable
severance, production, sales, value added and other taxes imposed based on the value thereof, 

 (b) all transportation
and related costs incurred in transporting or moving any such hydrocarbons, hydrocarbon products and other products from the tailgate
of the Plant (or adjoining storage tanks) to the first purchaser thereof or to a delivery point designated in any sales and purchase agreement
relating thereto, and (c) the applicable amount of any Royalty and other burdens payable under or with respect to any of the Leases. 

Production
Data means any information or data generated from any mine, production or injection well, or other facility or structure from
which hydrocarbons and hydrocarbon substances (including the constituents of any hydrocarbon deposit or reservoir) may be mined, extracted,
produced, processed and/or upgraded into marketable oil and other products. 

Production
Operation means any activity or operation conducted by Valkor within the scope of the Operating Rights, including drilling,
mining, excavation, in situ operations (involving thermal, gasification or other method, technique, process or technology), extraction,
production or other operation whose primary objective is the capture, extraction and production of any Leased Substance from subsurface
strata to the surface, including any conventional or unconventional primary, secondary or tertiary production, injection or recovery method,
technique, process or technology. 

Raw Production 
 means any Leased Substance or any ore, sediments, sandstones, rock, or other material or matter consisting of or containing any Leased
Substance, whether in solid, semi-solid, liquid or gaseous form, in the form produced and captured at the surface of lands included within
any of the Leases. 

Receiving Party has the meaning specified
in Section 6.01. 

Record
Title means, as set forth in the SITLA Regulations, R850-22-175(20), the legal ownership of a mineral lease issued by
SITLA as established in the records of SITLA. 

Representative(s) 
means, with respect to a Party, its Affiliates and each of the respective officers, directors, principals, members, managers, employees,
advisors, attorneys, accountants, and duly authorized agents or representatives of such Party and each of its Affiliates. 

Royalty 
means any advance royalty, production royalty or overriding royalty reserved or granted in, under or in respect of any of the Leases or
the lands covered thereby. 

SITLA means the State of Utah s
School and Institutional Trust Lands Administration. 

SITLA Regulations 
 means Rule 22 (Bituminous-Asphaltic Sands and Oil Share Resources) promulgated and administered by SITLA (codified at Utah Admin.
Code R850-22 et seq). 

Specified
Depth means, with respect to the Operating Rights assigned to Valkor as contemplated in this Agreement, a subsurface depth
that is 500 feet or more below the surface on or with respect to which any E P Operation is conducted by Valkor. 

Page 4 of 25 

Third Person means any Person other than
the Parties or their respective Representatives. 

TMC Indemnitees has the meaning specified
in Section 8.02(a). 

Valkor Indemnitees has the meaning specified
in Section 8.01(a). 

Well(s) 
means any well or series of wells, including any type of conventional or unconventional primary, secondary or tertiary production, insitu,
injection or recovery wells, in any combination, proposed or commenced by Valkor under and pursuant to the Operating Rights assigned to
Valkor as provided in this Agreement. 

1.02
 Procedural Usage; Protocols . 

(a) 
 The name assigned to this Agreement and the Article and Section (or subsection) captions used herein are for reference only and
shall not be construed to affect the meaning or construction of the text hereof. Terms defined in the singular shall have a comparable
meaning when used in the plural, and vice versa. Unless otherwise specified: 

(1) The terms hereof, herein and similar
terms refer to this Agreement as a whole and references herein to Articles and Sections refer to the Articles and Sections of this Agreement; 

(2) Pronouns in masculine, feminine, and neuter genders will be
construed to include any other gender, and words in the singular form will be construed to include the plural and vice versa, unless
the context otherwise requires; and 

(3) The words, include, includes and
 including, when used herein, shall be deemed in each case to be followed by the words without limitation . 

(b) Unless
stated otherwise, references to money herein shall mean and refer to the currency (U.S. Dollars) of the United States of
America. 

1.03
 Exhibits and Schedules . 

The Exhibits and Schedules attached to this
Agreement are made a part hereof and are incorporated herein for all purposes. 

Page 5 of 25 

ARTICLE
II 

 ASSIGNMENT OF OPERATING RIGHTS 

2.01
 Assignment Transfer; Operating Rights . 

(a) Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, TMC agrees to assign, convey and otherwise transfer to Valkor, and Valkor
agrees to accept, all of the Operating Rights under the Leases at or below, and limited to, the Specified Depths. To implement the assignment
and transfer of the Operating Rights, TMC Capital shall execute and deliver to Valkor an Assignment of Operating Rights in Mineral Leases
substantially in the form of Exhibit B hereto (the Assignment of Operating Rights ). 

(b) 
 The Operating Rights assigned and transferred to Valkor as contemplated herein shall consist of all of the working interests under
the Leases, in each case limited to the Specified Depths and subject to TMC Capital s reservation of Participation Rights in and
with respect thereto. 

2.02
 SITLA Approvals; Cooperation Assistance . 

Within twenty
(20) days after the Effective Date, the Parties shall submit to SITLA for its approval in accordance with the SITLA Regulations, the assignment
and transfer of Operating Rights to Valkor as contemplated herein. The Parties shall each cooperate with and assist each other in providing
SITLA with any required information and in otherwise facilitating the assignment application in accordance with SITLA s requirements
and the SITLA Regulations. 

2.03
 Closing; Term of Agreement . 

(a) 
 Upon and following SITLA s approval of the assignment and transfer of the Operating Rights to Valkor, this Agreement shall
continue in full force and effect for as long as Valkor owns or holds any interest in the Leases, whether in the form of Operating Rights
or otherwise, or upon a mutual cancellation of this Agreement in a writing signed by each of the Parties. 

(b) 
 If, for any reason, SITLA has not approved the assignment of Operating Rights to Valkor by January 1, 2022, this Agreement shall
automatically expire and the Parties shall have no further rights or obligations hereunder. 

ARTICLE III 

 PARTICIPATION RIGHTS; ELECTIONS COST
ALLOCATION 

3.01
 Participation Interests; Elections . 

(a) 
 At least forty-five (45) days prior to commencing an E P Operation, Valkor shall prepare and submit to TMC Capital an AFE that
specifies the estimated cost of the E P Operation through its completion (and its projected completion date). Within thirty (30) days
after receiving an AFE for a proposed E P Operation, TMC Capital shall advise Valkor in writing whether it elects to participate in
the E P Operation and the Participation Interest (expressed as a percentage of 8/8ths or 100 of the working interests in the E P
Operation) that it elects to assume in the E P Operation. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, TMC Capital
shall not be entitled to elect a Participation Interest that exceeds fifty percent (50 in any E P Operation. 

(b) 
 If TMC Capital elects in a timely manner to participate in an E P Operation, the Participation Interests and Cost Obligations
of the Parties with respect to the E P Operation shall be allocated between or among them based on, and as determined by, the Participation
Interest elected by TMC Capital in the E P Operation, with the remaining Participation Interest in the E P Operation being retained
and owned by Valkor (and any other joint participant, if any). 

(c) 
 If TMC Capital elects not to participate in an E P Operation (or fails to respond to an AFE for a proposed E P Operation
on a timely basis), Valkor shall hold and have 100 of the Participation Rights and Cost Obligations in the E P Operation. 

[Reserved]. 

Page 6 of 25 

3.02
 Producing Operations; Allocation of Production and Costs . 

With respect
to each E P Operation conducted by Valkor that results in the production of any Leased Substance, or any product, byproduct or other
substance generated by or derived therefrom, each Party shall be entitled to that percentage of Net Production that is attributable to
its Participation Interest in the E P Operation. With respect to each such E P Operation, each Party shall be responsible to pay
the Costs associated with such operation that are attributable to and correspond with its Participation Interest in the operation. 

3.03
 Exploratory Operations; Rights in Data Allocation of Costs . 

With respect to
each E P Operation conducted by Valkor that results in the generation of E P Data, all such E P Data shall be owned by TMC
Capital regardless of whether it elects to assume a Participation Interest in the E P Operation generating the data, and Valkor shall
have a permanent, fully- paid, non-exclusive, royalty-free license and right to access and use all such E P Data for any purpose,
subject only to its confidentiality obligations under Article VI. For or with respect to each such E P Operation, each Party shall
be responsible to pay the Costs associated with such E P Operation that are attributable to and correspond with its Participation
Interest in the operation. 

3.04
 Designated Operator; E P Operations . 

Unless otherwise
agreed by the Parties in writing, Valkor shall be the designated operator for and with respect to each E P Operation proposed and
conducted by Valkor pursuant to the Operating Rights granted to Valkor as contemplated under this Agreement. 

3.05
 Cost Recovery Invoicing . 

(a) 
 For each E P Operation conducted by Valkor in or as to which TMC Capital has elected a Participation Interest, Valkor shall
be entitled to recover or collect the Costs associated with the E P Operation by requiring TMC Capital to pay its proportionate share
of any Advance Cost Estimate prepared and delivered to TMC Capital on a periodic basis and at such times as Valkor may determine. Alternatively,
and at Valkor s option, Valkor may pay all or a part of the Costs associated with the E P Operation as such Costs are incurred
or become due and then deliver to TMC Capital, at such times as Valkor may determine, an Actual Invoice showing the Costs that have been
or will be paid by Valkor in connection with the E P Operation and a statement of the Cost-Share owed by TMC Capital based on its
Participation Interest in the E P Operation. 

(b) 
 In the event that Valkor elects to prepare and deliver an Advance Cost Estimate to TMC Capital from time to time for an E P
Operation in which TMC Capital has elected a Participation Interest, Valkor shall thereafter deliver an Actual Invoice to TMC Capital
that sets forth the final amount of the Costs incurred in connection with the E P Operation, together with any adjustments, including
credits or additional payments that may be owed by TMC Capital under the Actual Invoice. 

(c) Unless
otherwise agreed by the Parties in writing, all Advance Cost Estimates and Actual Invoices in respect of any E P Operation
conducted by Valkor shall be at or within the 110 of the applicable Cost estimated in the AFE issued for the E P Operation. All
Actual Invoices delivered to TMC Capital with respect to any E P Operation in which TMC Capital has elected a Participation
Interest shall be accompanied by invoices, billing statements, purchase orders, services or work agreements, work orders and other
supporting documentation. All Costs reflected in such Actual Invoices must be reasonable under industry standards, must relate
directly to the E P Operation, and must be verifiable by TMC Capital s accountants and auditors. 

Page 7 of 25 

(d) 
 Each of the Parties shall pay or remit to Valkor, as the case may be, its respective Cost-Share for or with respect to any E P
Operation within thirty (30) days after Valkor delivers an Advance Cost Estimate or Actual Invoice to TMC Capital based on its Participation
Interest, if any, in any such E P Operation. 

3.06
 Periodic Inspection Audit Rights . 

Upon giving
Valkor s advance written notice of at least ten (10) days, TMC Capital shall have the right periodically to inspect and audit Valkor s
book and records to ensure compliance with this Agreement and to verify the authenticity, validity and amount(s) of all Costs allocated
to or paid by TMC Capital in or with respect to any E P Operation in which TMC Capital has elected a Participation Interest. 

ARTICLE IV 

 PLANT PARTICIPATION RIGHTS;
ALLOCATION OF REVENUE COSTS 

4.01
 Processing Plant Development; Ownership . 

(a) 
 In the event that either Party (the Proposing Party ), during the term of one or more of the Leases, proposes
to design, construct and operate an Oil Sands Processing Plant on lands included within the Leases, or upon any of the lands covered thereby,
the Proposing Party shall deliver to the other Party (the Other Party a Plant AFE that contains a general description
and location of the proposed Plant, its projected throughput or processing capacity, and an initial estimate of the Costs required to
complete and achieve a successful start-up of the Plant. Within ninety (90) days after receiving the Plant AFE, the Other Party shall
advise the Proposing Party in writing whether it elects to participate in the development, construction and operation of the Plant and
the percentage of ownership (the Ownership Interest that it desires to hold in the Plant. Unless otherwise agreed
by the Parties in writing, the Other Party shall not be entitled to an Ownership Interest in the Plant that exceeds fifty percent (50 of the ownership rights in the Plant as a whole. 

(b) 
 If, upon receiving a Plant AFE from the Proposing Party, the Other Party elects to participate in the design, construction and
operation of the proposed Plant, the Proposing Party shall be entitled, subject to compliance with any requirements under the applicable
Lease encompassing the lands on which the Plant will be located and obtaining any required permits or approvals from Governmental Authorities,
to proceed with the design, construction and operation of the Plant, in which case the Parties shall hold their respective Ownership Percentages
in the Plant as agreed upon (or elected by the Other Party) and each Party shall be subject to a proportionate share of the Costs associated
with the design, construction and operation of the Plant that is attributable to and corresponds with its Ownership Interest in the Plant. 

(c) 
 If, upon receiving a Plant AFE from the Proposing Party, the Other Party elects not to participate in the design, construction
and operation of the proposed Plant, the Proposing Party shall be entitled, subject to compliance with any requirements under the applicable
Lease encompassing the lands on which the Plant will be located and obtaining any required permits or approvals from Governmental Authorities,
to proceed with the design, construction and operation of the Plant as the sole owner and participant therein. In such event, the Proposing
Party shall hold an Ownership Percentage of 100 in the Plant as a whole and shall be responsible for 100 of the Costs associated therewith. 

Page 8 of 25 

(d) 
 All of the Costs associated with the design, construction and operation of the Plant shall be allocated between the Parties based
on their respective Ownership Interests in the Plant. 

(e) 
 If, at any time, either Party refuses or is unable, for any reason (and without regard to force majeure), to pay its proportionate
share of the Costs associated with the design and construction of the Plant, the Ownership Interest of such Party in the Plant shall be
reduced to a level that corresponds with the proportionate share of the Costs that such Party pays or is able to pay in the design and
construction of the Plant. 

(f) 
 If, any time, either Party refuses or is unable, for any reason (and without regard to force majeure) to pay its proportionate
share of the Costs associated with the operation and maintenance of the Plant, the operator of the Plant shall be entitled, upon giving
written notice to the non-paying Party, to withhold any revenue generated by the Plant that is attributable to the Ownership Interest
of the non-paying Party and to allocate and credit all such withheld amounts against the Costs owed by such non-paying Party in the operation
or maintenance of the Plant. Failure of any Party to pay its proportionate share of the Costs associated with the operation and/or maintenance
of the Plant shall not result in any change or modification of the Ownership Interest of the non-paying Party in the Plant unless each
Party (including the non-paying Party) agrees to such change or modification in a writing signed by each Party. 

4.02
 Financing Arrangements; Commitments . 

Each Party shall
be entitled, in accordance with its Ownership Interest in an Oil Sands Processing Plant, to arrange its own financing to meet and pay
its proportionate share of the Costs associated with the design, construction, operation and maintenance of the Plant. Alternatively,
the Parties shall be entitled to obtain joint financing designed to pay 100 of the Costs associated with the design, construction, operation
and/or maintenance of the Plant. 

4.03
 Allocation of Net Revenue from Plant Operations . 

(a) 
 Upon completion and start-up of the Oil Sands Processing Plant, each Party shall be entitled to receive a proportionate share of
Plant Net Proceeds determined in accordance with the following: 

(1) 
 First, each Party shall receive, from the Plant Net Proceeds received by designated operator of the Plant, an amount representing
the market value of Raw Production supplied as feedstock to the Plant that such Party owns (or has acquired from Third Persons)
or that is attributable to its Participation Interest in any Mine, Well or other E P Operation that is the source of the Raw Production
delivered to the Plant; and 

(2) 
 The balance of the Plant Net Proceeds received by the designated operator of the Plant shall be allocated and paid to each Party
in accordance with its Ownership Interest in the Plant (subject to the right of the designated operator of the Plant, upon providing written
notice to the Parties, to allocate a proportionate amount of the Plant Net Proceeds to pay any Costs associated with the operation and/or
maintenance of the Plant, including any management, operating and other charges, fees and payments required to be made to Third Parties
providing materials or services to the Plant). 

(b) 
 In determining the market value of Raw Production supplied as feedstock to the Plant by the Parties, the values agreed
upon or stipulated by the Parties, determined as an average market value or price on a weekly or monthly basis, shall be deemed conclusive
absent manifest error. 

[Reserved]. 

Page 9 of 25 

4.04
 Designated Operator of the Facility . 

(a) 
 In the event that only one of the Parties elects to design, construct and operate an Oil Sands Processing Plant on lands included
in one or more of the Leases, such Party shall be both the owner and the operator of the Plant for all purposes. 

(b) 
 In the event that both Parties elect to participate in the design, construction and operation of the Plant, the Parties shall own
the Plant in accordance with their respective Ownership Interests and shall, in a writing signed by each Party, designate one of the Parties
as the operator of the Plant under or pursuant to such contractual services contracts or other arrangements as the Parties may agree upon.
Alternatively, the Parties may, with the agreement of each Party holding Ownership Interests in the Plant, designate a Third Person to
be the operator of the Plant pursuant to a written services agreement executed by the Parties and such Third Person. 

ARTICLE V 

 ACCOUNTING; LEASE DEVELOPMENT
 ROYALTY 

5.01
 Accounting/Royalty Payment Obligations . 

(a) 
 As the owner of Record Title under the Leases, TMC Capital shall be considered the lessee thereunder and shall have
the obligation to prepare and maintain records of the production of Leased Substances from the Leases and to ensure the timely payment
of Royalties owed under or with respect to the Leases. 

(b) 
 In connection with TMC Capital s responsibilities under the Leases, Valkor agrees to provide to TMC Capital all accounting
and related services in respect of all of the activities and operations conducted on or with respect to the Leases and to provide and
discharge, on TMC Capital s behalf, all reporting required of TMC Capital under the Leases or under Applicable Law and to report
and pay, on a timely basis, all Royalties and other burdens owed under or as provided in the Leases, including any advance royalties,
rentals, shut-in payments and other fees and payments owed under or with respect to the Leases and in accordance with the terms thereof,
respectively. 

(c) 
 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, Valkor agrees to pay, and to reimburse TMC Capital for, fifty percent
(50 of any annual rentals, shut-in rentals or other payments, other than Royalty, owed to SITLA or other lessor under the Leases from
time to time. 

5.02
 Accounting Services Arrangements . 

The accounting
and related services provided by Valkor with respect to operations conducted on or with respect to the Lease shall be memorialized in
a separate written services agreement that shall include such terms and conditions as the Parties may agree upon. 

Page 10 of 25 

ARTICLE
VI 

 CONFIDENTIALITY 

6.01
 Confidentiality Obligations . 

The Parties acknowledge
that each Party may from time to time furnish or disclose (in each such case, a Disclosing Party to the other
Party or its Representatives (in each such case, a Receiving Party information, data and materials that
consist of or include Confidential Information, the improper or unauthorized disclosure or release of which will likely cause
irreparable harm to the Disclosing Party. Accordingly, during the term of this Agreement and for a period of three (3) years
following the expiration or termination hereof or the Closing, whichever occurs first (the Confidentiality
Period ), the Receiving Party agrees to keep and maintain on a private and confidential basis any Confidential Information
that it receives from a Disclosing Party and will not, without the prior written consent of the Disclosing Party, (1) publish,
release or otherwise disclose the Confidential Information to any Person other than another Party and its Representatives that have
a need to know such information, except as required by applicable law, and (2) use any of the Confidential Information
for any purpose other than in connection with this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby. 

6.02
 Mandatory Disclosure . 

The Parties
shall use and deploy reasonable best efforts to preserve and protect the Confidential Information from any unauthorized disclosure or
publication. In the event that a Party determines that it is legally obligated to publish, release or disclose any provision of this Agreement
or any other Confidential Information, in whole or in part, such Party shall provide the other Party with prompt written notice and shall
seek to limit the dissemination, release or public disclosure of such Confidential Information. In the case of legal proceedings in which
disclosure of any Confidential Information is required or compelled by law, the Parties shall cooperate to obtain an appropriate protective
order limiting the disclosure of such information. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Parties acknowledge that each Party may be required
under the terms of securities laws or regulations, or in connection with any public offering of securities, to disclose the existence
of this Agreement and the terms hereof. 

ARTICLE VII 

 RELATIONSHIP OF THE PARTIES;
TAXATION 

7.01 
 Relationship of Parties . The rights, duties, obligations and liabilities of the Parties under this Agreement shall be individual,
not joint or collective. It is not the intention of the Parties to create, nor shall this Agreement be deemed or construed as creating,
a mining or other partnership, joint venture or association or (except as explicitly provided in this Agreement) a trust. This Agreement
shall not be deemed or construed to authorize any Party to act as an agent, servant or employee for any other Party for any purpose whatsoever
except as explicitly set forth herein or in a separate agreement executed by the Parties. In their relations with each other under this
Agreement, the Parties shall not be considered fiduciaries except as expressly provided in this Agreement or in a separate agreement executed
by the Parties. 

7.02 
 Taxes . Each Party shall be responsible for reporting and discharging its own tax measured by the profit or income of the
Party and the satisfaction of such Party s share of all contract obligations under this Agreement or under any of the oil and gas
leases described in this Agreement. Each Party shall protect, defend and indemnify the other Party from any and all loss, cost or liability
arising from the indemnifying Party s failure to report and discharge such taxes or satisfy such obligations. The Parties intend
that all income and all tax benefits (including deductions, depreciation, credits and capitalization) with respect to the expenditures
made by the Parties hereunder will be allocated by the government tax authorities to the Parties based on the share of each tax item actually
received or borne by each Party. If such allocation is not accomplished due to the application of applicable law, the Parties shall attempt
to adopt mutually agreeable arrangements that will allow the Parties to achieve the financial results intended. The Party acting as the
designated operator in or with respect to any E P Operation or for an Oil Sands Processing Plant shall provide each Party, in a timely
manner and at such Party s sole expense, such information with respect to all such operations as each Party may reasonably request
for preparation of its tax returns or responding to any audit or other tax proceeding. 

Page 11 of 25 

7.03
 United States Tax Election . 

(a) 
 If, for United States federal income tax purposes, this Agreement or any of the operations conducted under any of the oil and gas
leases described in this Agreement are regarded as a partnership and if the Parties have not agreed to form a tax partnership, each U.S.
Party elects to be excluded from the application of all of the provisions of Subchapter K , Chapter 1, Subtitle A 
of the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ), to the extent permitted and authorized by Section
761(a) of the Code and the regulations promulgated thereunder. Each Party shall be responsible for executing and filing, either individually
or jointly, such evidence of this election as may be required by the Internal Revenue Service, including all of the returns, statements,
and data required by United States Treasury Regulations Sections 1.761-2 and 1.6031(a)-1(b)(5) and shall provide a copy thereof to each
Party. 

(b) 
 No Party shall give any notice or take any other action inconsistent with the foregoing election. If any income tax laws of any
state or other political subdivision of the United States or any future income tax laws of the United States or any such political subdivision
contain provisions similar to those in Subchapter K , Chapter 1, Subtitle A of the Code, under which an election
similar to that provided by Section 761(a) of the Code is permitted, each Party shall make such election as may be permitted or required
by such laws. In making the foregoing election or elections, each Party states that the income derived by it from operations under this
Agreement or under the oil and gas leases described in this Agreement can be adequately determined without the computation of partnership
taxable income. 

ARTICLE
VIII 

 INDEMNIFICATION LIMITS OF LIABILITY 

8.01 TMC Capital s Indemnity . 

(a) 
 TMC Capital agrees to defend, indemnify and hold harmless Valkor and its Affiliates, and each of their respective Representatives
(collectively, Valkor Indemnitees ), from and against all claims, demands, administrative actions and/or civil actions
or suits (whether threatened, actual or otherwise) for damages, penalties, fines or other legal or equitable relief asserted, commenced
or requested by any Third Person, or any losses, liability or costs (including reasonable attorneys fees and litigation costs)
incurred by any of the Valkor Indemnitees as a result thereof, on account of: 

(1) Any personal injury, disease or death of any person(s), or
any damage to or loss of property, resulting from or arising out of TMC Capital s operations conducted under or within the scope
of this Agreement, including any injury, death or property damage caused by or attributable to (i) the sole, concurrent or combined negligence
or fault of TMC Capital or any of its Representatives, or (ii) where liability with or without fault is strictly imposed by operation
of law based on a condition created by TMC Capital or any of its Representatives; 

(2) Any failure by TMC Capital to comply with applicable law,
including any EH S Requirements that are applicable to TMC Capital s operations conducted under or within the scope of this
Agreement; 

(3) Liens, claims and demands arising from work performed by TMC
Capital s contractors or subcontractors or from materials supplied to TMC Capital; 

(4) Any breach or violation of any representation, warranty or
covenant of TMC Capital contained in this Agreement. 

Page 12 of 25 

(b) 
 The indemnity obligations undertaken by TMC Capital in favor of the Valkor Indemnitees under Section 8.01(a)(1), including any
defense obligations, claims, judgments and liability (including attorney s fees and litigation costs), shall be limited to the amount
of insurance coverage or limits in the insurance policies required to be carried or maintained by TMC Capital under the provisions of
Section 

 9.01 (and whether or not TMC Capital
has acquired or put the required insurance coverage in place as required by Section 9.01). TMC Capital shall have no indemnification obligations
under Section 8.01(a)(1) for any obligation, claim, judgment or liability that is or would be outside the scope and coverage of the insurance
policies and coverage required to be maintained by TMC Capital under Section 9.01. 

8.02
 Valkor s Indemnity . 

(a) 
 Valkor agrees to defend, indemnify and hold harmless TMC Capital and its Affiliates, and each of their respective Representatives
(collectively, TMC Indemnitees ), from and against all claims, demands, administrative actions and/or civil actions
or suits (whether threatened, actual or otherwise) for damages, penalties, fines or other legal or equitable relief asserted, commenced
or requested by any Third Person, or any losses, liability or costs (including reasonable attorneys fees and litigation costs)
incurred by any of the TMC Indemnitees as a result thereof, on account of: 

(1) Any personal injury, disease or death of any person(s), or
any damage to or loss of property, resulting from or arising out of Valkor s operations conducted under or within the scope of
this Agreement, including any injury, death or property damage caused by or attributable to (i) the sole, concurrent or combined negligence
or fault of Valkor or any of its Representatives, or (ii) where liability with or without fault is strictly imposed by operation of law
based on a condition created by Valkor or any of its Representatives; 

(2) Any failure by Valkor to comply with applicable law, including
any EH S Requirements that are applicable to Valkor s operations conducted under or within the scope of this Agreement; 

(3) Liens, claims and demands arising from work performed by Valkor s
contractors or subcontractors or from materials supplied to TMC Capital; 

(4) Any breach or violation of any representation, warranty or
covenant of Valkor contained in this Agreement. 

(b) 
 The indemnity obligations undertaken by Valkor in favor of the TMC Indemnitees under Section 8.02(a)(1), including any defense
obligations, claims, judgments and liability (including attorney s fees and litigation costs), shall be limited to the amount of
insurance coverage or limits in the insurance policies required to be carried or maintained by Valkor under the provisions of Section
9.01 (and whether or not Valkor has acquired or put the required insurance coverage in place as required by Section 9.01). Valkor shall
have no indemnification obligations under Section 8.02(a)(1) for any obligation, claim, judgment or liability that is or would be outside
the scope and coverage of the insurance policies and coverage required to be maintained by Valkor under Section 9.01. 

8.03
 Limitations of Liability . 

NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING
TO THE CONTRARY CONTAINED IN THIS AGREEMENT, NEITHER PARTY SHALL HAVE ANY LIABILITY TO THE OTHER OR TO ANY INDEMNITEE UNDER THE
INDEMNITY PROVISIONS CONTAINED IN THIS AGREEMENT FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES, INCLUDING
LOST PROFITS, REVENUE OR SAVINGS, REGARDLESS OF THE FORM OF ACTION GIVING RISE TO ANY CLAIM FOR SUCH DAMAGES, WHETHER IN CONTRACT OR
IN TORT, OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. 

Page 13 of 25 

ARTICLE
IX INSURANCE 

9.01 Insurance Requirements . 

Each Party shall maintain, at its cost
or at their joint cost, the insurance policies and coverages set forth in Schedule Y hereto. 

ARTICLE X 

 ASSIGNMENTS AND TRANSFERS OF
INTERESTS 

10.01 Record Title Owner Control . 

(a) As the
owner of Record Title under the Leases, TMC Capital shall have the exclusive right to grant or make any assignment, sublease or transfer
of any right, title or interest under the Leases, in each case subject to obtaining the prior approval of SITLA in accordance with the
SITLA Regulations. 

10.02. Limitations on Assignments Transfers . 

Notwithstanding
the provisions contained in Section 10.01, neither TMC Capital nor Valkor shall have the power, authority or right to assign, sublease,
encumber or otherwise transfer any right, title or interest that it, or either of them, may own or hold in the Leases without the prior
written consent of the other Party, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld. Any such assignment, sublease, encumbrance or other
proposed transfer by either Party, even if consented to in writing by the non- transferring Party, shall require the prior consent or
approval of SITLA and each such assignee, sublessee or transferee (including any mortgagee or secured party acquiring any interest in
the Leases by virtue or any foreclosure or in the exercise of secured rights) shall be required, as a condition to receiving any right,
title or interest in the Leases as the owner of working interests, to agree to become bound by the terms of this Agreement, including
the confidentiality provisions contained herein, or in any restatement or replacement agreement that may be developed and agreed upon
by the Parties. 

ARTICLE XI 

 GOVERNING LAW DISPUTE RESOLUTION 

11.01
 Governing Law . 

THIS AGREEMENT
AND THE VALIDITY, INTERPRETATION, TERMINATION AND ENFORCEMENT THEREOF AND HEREOF SHALL BE SUBJECT TO AND GOVERNED IN ALL RESPECTS BY THE
LAWS OF THE STATE OF UTAH WITHOUT REGARD TO THE CHOICE OF LAWS OR CONFLICTS OF LAWS PRINCIPLES THEREOF. 

11.02
 Dispute Resolution . 

ANY CLAIM, CONTROVERSY OR DISPUTE
BETWEEN THE PARTIES (WHETHER CONTRACTUAL OR NON-CONTRACTUAL IN NATURE) ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT (EACH A
 DISPUTE SHALL BE FINALLY AND EXCLUSIVELY RESOLVED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE DISPUTE RESOLUTION PROVISIONS SET
FORTH IN SCHEDULE Z HERETO. 

Page 14 of 25 

ARTICLE XII GENERAL
PROVISIONS 

12.01
 Amendments . 

This Agreement
may be amended, modified, changed, altered or supplemented only by a written instrument duly executed by each of the Parties specifically
for such purpose and that specifically refers to this Agreement. 

12.02
 Waiver . 

Any of the terms,
provisions, covenants, representations or conditions hereof may be waived only by a written instrument executed by the Party waiving compliance.
Failure of any Party at any time to require performance of any provision contained in this Agreement shall not, in any way or manner,
affect its right to enforce the same. No waiver by any Party of any condition or of the breach of any provision contained in this Agreement,
whether by conduct or otherwise, in any one or more instances, shall be deemed to be or construed as a further or continuing waiver of
any such condition or breach, or a waiver of any other condition or of any breach of any other provision hereof. 

12.03
 Notices Notification . 

(a)
Any notice required or permitted to be given by any Party will be deemed given when in writing and delivered to the address for notice
of the intended recipient by personal delivery or by courier, by prepaid certified or registered mail, or by facsimile or telecopier.
Any notice delivered by mail shall be deemed to have been received on the actual date of receipt. Any notice delivered personally or by
facsimile or telecopier shall be deemed to have been received on the actual date of delivery. The address for service of notice or process
to or on each of the Parties is as follows: 

(1) If to TMC Capital : 
 
 TMC Capital, LLC Attention: R.
 Gerald Bailey 
 15315 W. Magnolia Boulevard, Ste 120 Sherman Oaks,
 California 91402 Telephone: (713) 524-2542 
 Email: executive@petroteq.energy 

(2) If to Valkor : 
 
 Valkor Energy Holdings, LLC Attention: Steven Byle 
 21732 Provincial Boulevard, Ste 160 
 Katy, Texas 77450 
 Telephone: (832) 859-5060 Email: steven.byle@valkor.com 

(b) Any Party may, by
written notice to the other Parties, change its address for notice to some other address in the U.S. and shall be required to change
its address for notice purposes whenever its existing address ceases to be adequate for delivery by hand. A post office box may not
be used as an address for notices or for service of process hereunder. 

[Reserved]. 

Page 15 of 25 

12.04
 Recordation; Memorandum . 

Each of the Parties
shall be entitled to record the assignment and title instruments delivered under the terms of this Agreement or, upon mutual agreement,
the Parties may execute a memorandum of any such assignment and title instrument and record such instrument, in each case in the county
in the State of Utah in which the lands covered by such instruments are located, in lieu of recording a full copy of each such assignment
and title instrument. 

12.05
 Reasonable Assurances . 

Each Party shall
promptly execute, acknowledge, and deliver to the other Party such other instruments and take such other action as may be necessary or
convenient in order to effect the transaction contemplated in this Agreement. 

12.06
 Third Party Beneficiary . 

This Agreement shall not confer any rights
or remedies upon any Person other than the Parties and their respective successors and permitted assigns. 

12.07
 Transaction Expenses . 

Each Party shall
be responsible for its own costs and expenses (including legal, financial, advisory, investment banking and accounting fees and expenses)
incurred in connection with development of this Agreement. 

12.08
 Savings Clause; Severability . 

If any part or portion of this Agreement
is held to be invalid, such invalidity of any such part or portion shall not affect any remaining part or portion hereof. 

12.09
 Entire Agreement . 

When executed
by the duly authorized representatives of the Parties, this Agreement, together with the Exhibits and Schedules attached thereto, respectively,
shall constitute the entire agreement between and among the Parties with respect to the subject matter hereof, and shall supersede and
replace any and all other writings, understandings or memoranda of understanding entered into or discussed prior to the execution date
hereof. This Agreement sets forth the entire agreement and understanding of the Parties with respect to this transactions contemplated
hereby, and any prior agreements are hereby merged herein and terminated. 

12.10 Counterparts . 

This Agreement may be executed in as many
counterpart copies as may be required. All counterparts shall collectively constitute a single agreement. 

[SIGNATURES OF PARTIES ON FOLLOWING
PAGE] 

Page 16 of 25 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have executed and made this Agreement effective as of the date written above. 

TMC CAPITAL, LLC 

VALKOR ENERGY HOLDINGS, LLC 

By: 
 /s/ R. Gerald Bailey 
 
 By: 
 /s/ Steven Byle 

Name: R. Gerald Bailey 

Name: Steven Byle 

Title: Manager/Managing Member 

Title: Manager/Managing Member 

Page 17 of 25 

EXHIBIT
A THE LEASES 

The Assignment
consists of all of the Operating Rights (operating working interests excluding Record Title), limited to all subsurface depths below 500
feet from the surface, in and under the following mineral leases: 

1. Utah
State Mineral Lease No. 53831 

Utah State Mineral Lease for Bituminous-Asphaltic
Sands dated as of September 1, 2018 (Mineral Lease No. 53831), executed between the State of Utah, acting by and through the School and
Institutional Trust Lands Administration SITLA ), as lessor, and Indago Oil and Gas, Inc., as lessee, with respect
to lands situated in Uintah County (Salt Lake Meridian), State of Utah, more particularly described as follows: 

Township 4 South, Range 20 East (SLM) 

 Section 22: All 

containing 640 acres, more or less. 

2. Utah
State Mineral Lease No. 53832 

Utah State Mineral Lease for Bituminous-Asphaltic
Sands dated as of September 1, 2018 (Mineral Lease No. 53832), executed between the State of Utah, acting by and through the School and
Institutional Trust Lands Administration SITLA ), as lessor, and Indago Oil and Gas, Inc., as lessee, with respect
to lands situated in Uintah County (Salt Lake Meridian), State of Utah, more particularly described as follows: 

Township 4 South, Range 20 East
(SLM) 

 Section 23: N NE , W , S SE 

 Section 24: Lots 2(32.30),
3(32.95), 4(32.97), W E , N NW , S SW [Lots aka SE NE , E SE ] 

containing 898.22 acres, more or
less. 

3. 
 Utah State Mineral Lease No. 53805 

Utah State Mineral Lease for Bituminous-Asphaltic
Sands dated as of June 1, 2018 (Mineral Lease No. 53805), executed between the State of Utah, acting by and through the School and Institutional
Trust Lands Administration SITLA ), as lessor, and Indago Oil and Gas, Inc., as lessee, with respect to lands situated
in Uintah County (Salt Lake Meridian), State of Utah, more particularly described as follows: 

Township 4 South, Range 20 East (SLM) 

 Section
26 - All 

 Section 27 - All 

 Section 32 - All 

containing 1,920 acres, more or less. 

Page 18 of 25 

EXHIBIT
B 

 ASSIGNMENT
OF OPERATING RIGHTS 

Recording
 requested by/return to: 

______________________ 

______________________ 

_______________________ 
 
 The
 foregoing mailing address for the minerals assignee/lessee under this instrument may be used for tax and assessment purposes. 

-----------
 Above This Line for Official Use Only ------------ 

ASSIGNMENT
OF OPERATING RIGHTS 

UNDER
UTAH STATE MINERAL LEASES 

 FOR
BITUMINOUS-ASPHALTIC SANDS 

[Uintah
County, Utah] 

This
 ASSIGNMENT OF OPERATING RIGHTS Assignment ), dated and made effective as of October , 2021, is entered into
by and between TMC CAPITAL, LLC, a Utah limited liability company, having offices at 15315 W. Magnolia Boulevard, Suite 120, Sherman
Oaks, California 91402 Assignor ), and VALKOR ENERGY HOLDINGS, LLC, a Utah limited liability company, having offices
at 21732 Provincial Boulevard, Suite 160, Katy, Texas 77450 Assignee (the parties sometimes referred to individually
as a Party or collectively as the Parties ). 

W
I T N E S S E T H: 

For
good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, and in accordance with and pursuant to
the terms of that Agreement Governing Assignment of Operating Rights Under Utah State Mineral Leases, dated as of October 15, 2021, executed
by and between the Parties (the Agreement ), Assignor hereby assigns, conveys and otherwise transfers to Assignee,
subject to the reservation of certain Participation Rights as more fully defined in the Agreement, the following: 

All
of the Operating Rights (operating and working interests), consisting of the exclusive right to explore for, mine, excavate,
drill, produce, capture, process, upgrade and market Leased Substances (as defined in the Leases), including any hydrocarbon or non-hydrocarbon
product, byproduct or substances generated by or derived therefrom, located below a subsurface depth of 500 feet from the surface thereof,
under and within the scope of certain Utah State Mineral Leases for Bituminous-Asphaltic Sands as more particularly described in Exhibit
A hereto (the Leases ); 

Together
with all rights-of-way, easements and other appurtenances thereto within the lands covered by the Leases. 

Page 19 of 25 

TO
HAVE AND TO HOLD the Operating Rights under the Leases unto Assignee, its successors and assigns, subject, however, to the following: 

1.
This Assignment is made pursuant to the terms of the Agreement. The execution and delivery of this Assignment by Assignor, and the execution
and acceptance of this Assignment by Assignee, shall not operate to release or impair any surviving rights or obligations of Assignor
or Assignee, as the case may be, under the Agreement. 

2.
This Assignment shall not include, and Assignor hereby reserves from this Assignment, ownership of Record Title in and
under the Leases, together with the rights and obligations attributable thereto, as such term is defined in the Section R850-22-175(2)
of the regulations promulgated and administered by the State of Utah s School and Institutional Trust Lands Administration SITLA ),
with respect to mineral leases for bituminous-asphaltic sands (codified at Utah Admin. Code R850-22- 175(20)). 

3.
The assignment and transfer of Operating Rights to Assignee are and shall be limited to operations conducted at a subsurface depths below
500 feet from the surface thereof, measured vertically; provided, that Valkor, in the development of the Operating Rights, shall be entitled
to use as much surface as is reasonably necessary to its operations, with deference to the surface rights and other interests reserved
by Assignor from this Assignment and as more fully provided in the Agreement. 

4.
Assignee shall, in the exercise or development of the Operating Rights transferred hereunder, comply at all times with the terms and
conditions set forth in the Leases and shall have primary responsibility and liability for the payment of all royalty and other burdens
under the Leases that are attributable to or arise from Assignee s development of the Operating Rights hereunder. 

5.
The term of this Assignment shall coincide with the term of the Leases. 

6.
This Assignment is made without any warranty of title as to the Leases or as to the lands covered thereby. SUBJECT TO ANY REPRESENTATIONS
AND COVENANTS GIVEN BY ASSIGNOR IN OR UNDER THE AGREEMENT, ALL OF THE OPERATING RIGHTS ASSIGNED AND TRANSFERRED TO ASSIGNEE HEREUNDER
ARE TRANSFERRED ON AN AS IS BASIS WITHOUT ASSIGNOR MAKING ANY OTHER REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES, WRITTEN OR ORAL, STATUTORY,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, CONCERNING THE LEASES OR ANY OF THE RIGHTTS, OBLIGATION OR LIMITATIONS THEREIN, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY
REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY OF TITLE OR MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, ALL OF WHICH ARE HEREBY EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMED.
WITHOUT LIMITING THE GENERALITY OF THE FOREGOING, ASSIGNOR MAKES NO REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY REGARDING THE FUTURE FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE
OF THE LEASES OR THE OPERATING RIGHTS ASSIGNED AND TRANSFERRED TO ASSIGNEE HEREUNDER OR REGARDING ANY BUSINESS OR FINANCIAL PROJECTIONS
MADE AVAILABLE TO ASSIGNEE REGARDING THE LEASES OR THE ESTIMATED VALUE AND QUANTITY OF LEASED SUBSTANCES OR OTHER MINERALS ON OR WITHIN
THE LEASES AND THE LANDS COVERED THEREBY. 

7.
Assignee shall be entitled to record this Assignment in the county or other jurisdiction in which the lands covered by the Leases are
located or, at Assignee s request, Assignor shall execute a Memorandum at or following the date of this Assignment that may be
recorded in lieu of recording this Assignment in its entirety. The recording of any such Memorandum shall include a description of the
Lease and the lands covered thereby and shall be binding upon Assignor and Assignee, their respective successors and assigns, as though
this Assignment had been filed in its entirety. 

8.
This Assignment shall bind and inure to the benefit of the Parties and their respective successors and assigns. 

9.
This Assignment and the effectiveness thereof shall be subject to the approval of SITLA. 

10.
This Assignment may be executed in any number of counterparts, including counterpart signature pages, and each counterpart hereof shall
be deemed to be an original instrument, but all such counterparts shall constitute but one instrument. 

Page 20 of 25 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have executed this Assignment as of the date(s) written below. 

SIGNATURES
 OF PARTIES 

TMC
 CAPITAL, LLC 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

VALKOR
 ENERGY HOLDINGS, LLC 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

[ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS
ON FOLLOWING PAGE] 

Page 21 of 25 

ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS 

STATE
OF _____________) 

COUNTY
OF ____________) 

BEFORE
ME, the undersigned authority, on this day personally appeared R. Gerald Bailey, known to me to be the person whose name is subscribed
to the foregoing instrument as the Manager/Managing Member of TMC CAPITAL, LLC, a Utah limited liability company, and acknowledged to
me that the same was the act of said company and that he executed the same as the act of the company for the purposes and consideration
therein expressed and in the capacity therein stated. 

Given
Under My Hand and Seal of Office on this ___________________day of October, 2021. 

[Seal] 
 _______________________________ 

Notary Public in and for
 _____________ 

STATE
OF ___________) 

COUNTY
OF _________) 

BEFORE
ME, the undersigned authority, on this day personally appeared STEVEN BYLE, known to me to be the person whose name is subscribed to
the foregoing instrument as the Manager/Managing Member of VALKOR ENERGY HOLDINGS, LLC, a Utah limited liability company, and acknowledged
to me that the same was the act of said company and that he executed the same as the act of the company for the purposes and consideration
therein expressed and in the capacity therein stated. 

Given
Under My Hand and Seal of Office on this ___________day of October, 2021. 

[Seal] 
 _______________________________ 

Notary Public in and for
 _____________ 

Page 22 of 25 

EXHIBIT
A 

 Description
of the Leases 

[To
be Added in Execution Document] 

Page 23 of 25 

SCHEDULE
Y 
INSURANCE REQUIREMENTS 

1.
 Insurance Coverages . (a) Each Party shall procure and maintain, at its sole cost, at all times during the conduct or performance
of operations under the Leases or on or with respect to any of the lands covered thereby, and for a period of two (2) years following
the termination or expiration of the Leases, the following insurance policies and coverage, with limits not less than the limits specified
below: 

(1)
Commercial General Liability Insurance CGL Insurance ), with a combined single limit of One Million Dollars 1,000,000),
covering personal injury, death or property damage resulting from each occurrence; CG 2503, or its equivalent, amending aggregate limits
shall apply; 

(2)
Business Auto Liability Insurance AL Insurance covering owned, non-owned and hired motor vehicles, with a combined
single limit of One Million Dollars 1,000,000); 

(3)
Excess Liability Insurance, which may be following form , and extending coverage in excess of CGL Insurance and AL Insurance
coverages, with limits not less than Five Million Dollars 5,000,000) combined single limit each occurrence and in the aggregate; 

(4)
Workers' Compensation Insurance with Longshoremens' and Harbor Workers' endorsement (if applicable) as required by applicable law; and
Employer s Liability Insurance with limits of One Million Dollars 1,000,000) per accident or illness. 

 . 

 (b)
The insurance policies maintained by each Party shall be issued by or through insurance carriers that carry a financial strength rating
of at least A+ with A.M. Best Co. or that are otherwise acceptable to the other Party. Any deductible or self-insured retention of insurable
risk maintained by a Party in or under its insurance program shall be for such Party s account. 

2.
 Proof of Coverage; Notice . Prior to commencing operations under the Leases or on or as to any of the lands covered thereby, and
on an annual basis thereafter, each Party shall have its insurance carriers furnish to each Party certificates specifying the types and
amounts of insurance coverage in effect and maintained by each such Party and the expiration dates of each policy. Each certificate shall
include a statement that no insurance will be canceled or materially changed without thirty (30) days prior written notice to both Parties. 

3.
 Additional Insured; Waiver of Subrogation . (a) To the extent permitted by applicable law: 

(1)
The CGL Insurance, AL Insurance, and Excess Liability Insurance carried by each Party, and each certificate of insurance issued by carriers
providing such insurance, shall name the other Party (or Parties), its officers, directors, managers, employees, agents and representatives,
as an additional insured under endorsement forms that are determined to be acceptable to each Party; and 

(2)
All insurance policies maintained by each Party, to the extent applicable, shall include clauses providing that each issuing company
(and underwriter) shall waive its rights of recovery, under any theory of subrogation or otherwise, against each Party and its officers,
directors, managers, employees, agents and representatives for liabilities or losses within the scope of such policies. 

(b)
Each policy shall include clauses stating that the policy shall be primary and not excess or noncontributing to any insurance policies
carried by or otherwise available to either Party. 

Page 24 of 25 

SCHEDULE
Z 
DISPUTE RESOLUTION 

1.01
 Mandatory Arbitration . 

(a)
In the event of any Dispute, the Parties shall make a good faith effort to resolve the Dispute amicably through settlement and compromise.
If the Parties are unable to resolve a Dispute, the Dispute shall be finally and exclusively resolved by binding arbitration administered
by the American Arbitration Association AAA under its Commercial Arbitration Rules and the Mediation Procedures
(the AAA Rules ). Unless otherwise agreed by the Parties in writing, the following rules and procedures shall supplement
the AAA Rules, or constitute an exception thereto, and shall govern any arbitration of a Dispute conducted thereunder: 

(1) The
 place of the arbitration shall be at AAA s offices in Houston, Texas, and the arbitration
 shall be conducted in the English language; 

(2) The
 arbitration shall be conducted by a tribunal of three (3) arbitrators (the Arbitral
 Tribunal ). One arbitrator shall be nominated by the claimant(s) and the second
 arbitrator shall be nominated by the respondent(s). The two nominated arbitrators shall then
 jointly nominate the third arbitrator, who shall act as chairman of the Arbitral Tribunal
 and shall be a qualified lawyer licensed to practice law in one or more states within the
 United States and shall have expertise in oil and gas law and related transactions. If the
 claimant(s) or the respondent(s) fails to nominate an arbitrator to the Arbitral Tribunal
 within thirty (30) calendar days after the date on which a written request for arbitration
 has been received by the AAA (the Arbitration Commencement Date ), or
 the two arbitrators nominated by the claimant(s) and respondent(s), respectively, fail to
 designate the third arbitrator to the Arbitral Tribunal within thirty (30) calendar days
 after the Arbitration Commencement Date, the AAA shall appoint any arbitrator or arbitrators
 required to complete the Arbitral Tribunal, including the third arbitrator that is to act
 as the chairman of the Arbitral Tribunal; 

(3) The
 appointing authority shall be the AAA; and 

(4) No
 arbitrator selected or appointed to the Arbitral Tribunal shall be older than seventy (70)
 years of age at the time of his/her appointment unless the Parties waive this requirement
 in writing. 

(b)
The decision or award of the Arbitral Tribunal (or of a sole arbitrator if the Parties agree to have the arbitration conducted by a single
arbitrator) shall be in writing and shall state and be supported by detailed reasoning for the award. Discovery of evidence shall be
conducted expeditiously by the Parties, bearing in mind the Parties desire to limit discovery and to expedite the decision or
award of the arbitrators at the most reasonable cost and expense of the Parties. 

(c)
The decision or award of the Arbitral Tribunal (or of a sole arbitrator if the Parties agree to have the arbitration conducted by a single
arbitrator), shall be final, conclusive and binding on the parties thereto, and any right of application or appeal to the courts or any
judicial body in connection with any question of law or fact arising in the arbitration or in connection with any award or decision made
by the Arbitral Tribunal or the arbitrators shall, so far as lawfully possible, is and shall be waived and excluded (except as may be
necessary to enforce such award or decision). A judgment upon an award rendered by the Arbitral Tribunal, or by any arbitrator, pursuant
to any arbitration proceeding conducted hereunder may be entered in any court having jurisdiction or application may be made to such
court for a judicial acceptance of the award and/or an order of enforcement, as the case may be. 

1.02
 Limitations on Liability Remedies . 

In
any arbitration or litigation between the Parties, neither Party shall be liable for or assert any claim for consequential, incidental,
indirect, special or exemplary (punitive) damages unless it is determined that a Party (a) intentionally and knowingly breached or violated
this Agreement in an attempt to misappropriate or unlawfully distribute to others the property (including the intellectual property)
of a Party, or (b) willfully ignored or disregarded any emergency relief obtained by a Party hereunder. 

1.03 Confidentiality . 

Each
Party in any arbitration conducted hereunder shall keep any Dispute and the proceedings relating thereto confidential and shall not publish
or disclose to any Person, other than those Persons involved in the proceedings, the existence of the arbitration or any information,
pleadings or other documents submitted in the arbitration, any oral submissions or testimony, transcripts, or any award, unless and to
the extent that disclosure is required by law or is necessary for the recognition or enforcement of any final arbitration decision or
award. 

1.04
 Enforcement; Limitations on Remedies . 

(a)
Any final decision or award of the Arbitral Tribunal or the arbitrator(s) hereunder, including any interim measure or emergency relief
granted to a Party, shall be considered a final award under the U.S. Federal Arbitration Act and may be confirmed and enforced in accordance
therewith. Any such final arbitration decision or award may be enforced, and any interim measures or emergency relief required by a Party
may be obtained in aid of arbitration or to protect the status quo or the interests or property of the Parties prior to or during the
pendency of arbitration, in or from the federal or state courts located in Houston, Texas. 

(b)
Each of the Parties hereby submits to the AAA in Houston, Texas (USA) as the mandatory forum of choice for the resolution of any Dispute
and to the jurisdiction of the federal and state courts sitting in Houston, Texas, for the enforcement of any final decision or award
issued by the Arbitral Tribunal or by any arbitrator(s) or the issuance of interim measures or emergency relief. Service of process in
any arbitral or judicial action or proceeding instituted hereunder may be made upon the Parties, or either of them, by delivering a request
for arbitration or other pleading or document, using the methods set forth in the Notice provisions contained in this Agreement,
to a Party at the address for such Party as listed therein. Each Party irrevocably, voluntarily and knowingly waives and relinquishes
(1) the right to institute, prosecute or maintain any action or proceeding, whether in the nature of a civil action, arbitration or other
proceeding, in any forum or in any jurisdiction other than AAA in the forum selected and agreed upon by the Parties herein, and (2) any
right to invoke, and hereby agrees not to invoke, any claim or defense of forum non conveniens, inconvenient or improper forum or transfer
or change of venue. 

(c)
In any arbitration (or other legal action) involving a Dispute, or in any civil litigation to compel arbitration or to enforce any final
arbitration decision or award hereunder, each Party shall pay its own costs and expenses, including attorneys fees and the fees
and expenses of its experts and witnesses. 

Page
 25 of 25 

</EX-10.24>

<EX-10.25>
 3
 f10k2021ex10-25_petroteq.htm
 AGREEMENT AND ASSIGNMENT OF PARTICIPATION RIGHTS IN MINERAL LEASES AND PROPERTIES DATED OCTOBER 15, 2021, BETWEEN VALKOR ENERGY HOLDINGS, LLC AND TMC CAPITAL, LLC

Exhibit 10.25 

AGREEMENT AND ASSIGNMENT OF PARTICIPATION
RIGHTS 
IN MINERAL LEASES AND PROPERTIES 

This AGREEMENT AND ASSIGNMENT OF
PARTICIPATION RIGHTS IN MINERAL LEASES AND PROPERTIES Agreement ), dated and made effective as of October 15,
2021 Effective Date ), is entered into by and between VALKOR ENERGY HOLDINGS, LLC, a Utah limited liability
company, having offices at 21732 Provincial Boulevard, Suite 160, Katy, Texas 77450 Valkor ), and TMC CAPITAL,
LLC, a Utah limited liability company, having offices at 15315 W. Magnolia Boulevard, Suite 120, Sherman Oaks, California 91402 TMC Capital (the parties hereto sometimes herein referred to individually as a Party or
collectively as the Parties ). 

W I T N E S S E T H: 

A. Valkor
and TMC Capital have entered into an Agreement Governing Reciprocal Assignment of Mineral Leases dated October 15, 2021 (the Exchange
Agreement pursuant to which, part of an exchange of interests in mineral leases, TMC Capital has agreed to assign and transfer
to Valkor all of its right, title and interest in and to (1) a Mining and Minerals Lease Agreement dated July 1, 2013, as amended, executed
between Asphalt Ridge, Inc., as lessor, and TMC Capital, LLC, as lessee, covering lands situated in Uintah County, Utah, and (2) a Short
Term Mining Leased dated August 10, 2020, as amended on July 1, 2021, executed between Asphalt Ridge, Inc., as lessor, and Valkor Energy
Holdings, LLC, as lessee, covering lands situated in Uintah County, Utah, all as more fully and respectively described in Exhibit A 
hereto (collectively, the Leases ); 

B. Valkor
has agreed to grant to TMC Capital the right to participate in any exploratory, mining or production operations conducted by Valkor under
the Leases under and in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. 

NOW, THEREFORE,
for and in consideration of the mutual promises, covenants and agreements contained herein and for other good and valuable consideration,
the receipt and sufficiency of which are acknowledged by each of the Parties, the Parties hereby agree as follows: 

ARITICLE I 
DEFINITIONS;
PROCEDURAL USAGE 

1.01
 Defined Terms . 

Capitalized terms
used in this Agreement, unless otherwise defined in the text hereof, shall have the following meanings: 

Actual
Invoice means an invoice prepared by Valkor and delivered to TMC Capital under or pursuant to Section 2.06, which describes
in reasonable detail the Costs that have been incurred by Valkor in conducting any E P Operation and the Cost-Share that is owed by
each Party that has elected to participate in the E P Operation as provided in Article II. 

Advance
Cost Estimate means a written estimate of all or a part of the Costs associated with any E P Operation conducted or proposed
by Valkor that describes in reasonable detail the estimated Costs of such E P Operation and the Cost-Share that will be owed by each
Party that has elected to participate in the E P Operation as provided in Article II. 

Page 1 of 17 

AFE means an Authority
for Expenditure prepared for the purpose of estimating the costs to be incurred in connection with any proposed E P Operation. 

Affiliate 
means, with reference to a Party, any Person owning fifty percent (50 or more of the voting stock or similar equity interest of such
Party; any Person in which such Party owns fifty percent (50 or more of its voting stock or similar equity interests; or any Person
fifty percent (50 or more of whose voting stock or similar equity interests is owned by the same entity that owns fifty percent (50 or more of the voting stock or similar equity interests of such Party. 

Confidentiality Period has the meaning
specified in Section 5.01. 

Costs 
 means all of the costs and expenses incurred in conducting any E P Operation or in the design, construction and/or operation of
any Oil Sands Processing Plant. 

Cost-Share 
or Cost Allocation means that portion of any Costs owed or to be borne by a Party that is attributable to its Participation
Interest in any E P Operation or in the design, construction and/or operation of any Oil Sands Processing Plant. 

Disclosing Party has the meaning specified
in Section 5.01. 

Dispute has the meaning specified
in Section 10.02. 

E P Data means Exploratory Data
or Production Data, or both. 

E P
Operation means either an Exploratory Operation or a Production Operation, in each case under or pursuant to Valkor s
commercial exploitation of rights and interests it holds or may acquire under the Leases, or either of them, or any successor thereto,
respectively. 

Exploratory
Data means any and all airborne, surface and subsurface information and data, whether geological or geophysical in nature or
generated by use of sensory devices, techniques or technologies, that are or may be useful in evaluating the surface or subsurface of
lands for the presence of hydrocarbons or other Minerals in various structures and formations at any depth, including seismic, gravity
and magnetic data; well data, logs, coring, cuttings and bottom samples; gas detector readings, formation fluid tests, and pressure data;
and images and imaging, contouring and mapping resulting from the deployment of sensor or sensory systems that utilize, among other things,
acoustic, seismic, optic or electro- optic, infrared, hyperspectral, radiological, meteorological, and other active or passive sensory
data, devices, techniques or technologies; and reports, analyses, tests and test results, electronic images, surveys, maps and other devices
that evaluate and process any of the foregoing. 

Exploratory
Operation means any exploratory activity or operation conducted by Valkor under the Leases or on or with respect to any of
the lands covered thereby, including seismic studies, mapping, remote sensing imaging, core drilling, geophysical studies or profiling
and any other operation whose primary objective is the exploration for, characterization and measurement of deposits or reservoirs of
Minerals. 

Large Mine
Permit means the Notice of Intention to Commence Large Mining Operations (Permit # M/047/0089) approved by UDOGM on October
27, 2017, as subsequently amended (and including reclamation plans submitted pursuant thereto or as required by UDOGM). 

Page 2 of 17 

Mine 
 means any mining claim, mine or mining site, mineral deposit, ore deposit, quarry or mining lease and any related shaft, tunnel, incline,
drift or excavation on or within the lands included in or within any of the Leases, including any mine or mine site under any permit issued
by UDOGM. 

Minerals has the meaning specified
in the Leases. 

Participation
Interest means the percentage of participation that TMC Capital elects to assume in any E P Operation conducted by Valkor
under or with respect to the Leases or any successor thereto, in each case expressed as a percentage of 100 of the working interests
in the E P Operation. 

Participation
Rights means the rights, exercisable under or pursuant to this Agreement, granted to TMC Capital herein to participate as a
nonoperating working interest owner in any E P Operation. 

Person 
 means any natural person, corporation, company, partnership (including both general and limited partnerships), limited liability company,
sole proprietorship, association, joint stock company, firm, trust, trustee, joint venture, unincorporated organization, executor, administrator,
legal representative or other legal entity, including any governmental authority. 

Plant 
 means the oil and gas processing plant owned by Petroteq Oil Recovery, LLC and currently located on lands covered by or included within
the Leases. 

Production
Data means any information or data generated from any mine, production or injection well, or other facility or structure from
which hydrocarbons and hydrocarbon substances (including the constituents of any hydrocarbon deposit or reservoir) may be mined, extracted,
produced, processed and/or upgraded into marketable oil and other products. 

Production
Operation means any activity or operation conducted by Valkor within the scope of the Leases, including drilling, mining, excavation,
in situ operations (involving thermal, gasification or other method, technique, process or technology), extraction, production or other
operation whose primary objective is the capture, extraction and production of Minerals from subsurface strata to the surface, including
any conventional or unconventional primary, secondary or tertiary production, injection or recovery method, technique, process or technology. 

Receiving Party has the meaning specified
in Section 5.01. 

Representative(s) 
 means, with respect to a Party or any of its Affiliates, its officers, directors, principals, members, managers, employees, advisors,
attorneys, accountants, and duly authorized agents or representatives. 

Third Person means any Person other
than the Parties or their respective Representatives. 

TMC Indemnitees has the meaning specified
in Section 7.02(a). 

UDOGM means the Utah Division of Oil, Gas and Mining. 

Valkor Indemnitees has
the meaning specified in Section 7.01(a). 

Well(s) 
means any well or series of wells, including any type of conventional or unconventional primary, secondary or tertiary production, insitu,
injection or recovery wells, in any combination, proposed or commenced by Valkor under and pursuant to the Leases, or either of them. 

Page 3 of 17 

1.02
 Procedural Usage; Protocols . 

(a) The
name assigned to this Agreement and the Article and Section (or subsection) captions used herein are for reference only and shall not
be construed to affect the meaning or construction of the text hereof. Terms defined in the singular shall have a comparable meaning when
used in the plural, and vice versa. Unless otherwise specified: 

(1) The terms hereof, herein and similar
terms refer to this Agreement as a whole and references herein to Articles and Sections refer to the Articles and Sections of this Agreement; 

(2) Pronouns in masculine, feminine, and neuter genders will be
construed to include any other gender, and words in the singular form will be construed to include the plural and vice versa, unless
the context otherwise requires; and 

(3) The words, include, includes and
 including, when used herein, shall be deemed in each case to be followed by the words without limitation . 

(b) Unless
stated otherwise, references to money herein shall mean and refer to the currency (U.S. Dollars) of the United States of America. 

1.03
 Exhibits and Schedules . 

The Exhibits and Schedules attached to
this Agreement are made a part hereof and are incorporated herein for all purposes. 

ARTICLE II 

 ASSIGNMENT
OF PARTICIPATION RIGHTS, 
ELECTIONS REVENUE/COST ALLOCATION 

2.01
 Assignment of Participation Rights . 

(a) Subject
to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Valkor hereby assigns and transfers to TMC Capital the exclusive right, upon its election,
to participate in any E P Operation conducted by Valkor on, in or under the Leases, or any of them, or any of the lands covered thereby. 

(b) The
Participation Rights granted and assigned to TMC Capital herein consists of the exclusive right by TMC Capital to elect to participate,
on a nonoperating basis, in up to a fifty percent (50 working interest in any E P Operation conducted by Valkor on or within the
scope of the Leases, or any of them, or any of the lands covered thereby. 

2.02
 Election to Participate . 

(a) At
least forty-five (45) days prior to commencing an E P Operation, Valkor shall prepare and submit to TMC Capital an AFE that specifies
the estimated cost of the E P Operation through its completion (and its projected completion date). Within thirty (30) days after
receiving an AFE for a proposed E P Operation, TMC Capital shall advise Valkor in writing whether it elects to participate in the
E P Operation and the Participation Interest (expressed as a percentage of 8/8ths or 100 of the working interests in the E P
Operation) that it elects to assume in the E P Operation. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, TMC Capital
shall not be entitled to elect a Participation Interest that exceeds fifty percent (50 in any E P Operation. 

Page 4 of 17 

(b) If
TMC Capital elects in a timely manner to participate in an E P Operation, the Participation Interests and Cost Obligations of the
Parties with respect to the E P Operation shall be allocated between or among them based on, and as determined by, the Participation
Interest elected by TMC Capital in the E P Operation, with the remaining Participation Interest in the E P Operation being retained
and owned by Valkor (and any other joint participant, if any). 

(c) If
TMC Capital elects not to participate in an E P Operation (or fails to respond to an AFE for a proposed E P Operation on a timely
basis), Valkor shall hold and have 100 of the Participation Rights and Cost Obligations in the E P Operation. 

2.03
 Producing Operations; Allocation of Production and Costs . 

With respect to each
E P Operation conducted by Valkor that results in the production of Minerals, each Party shall be entitled to that percentage of Net
Production from such operation that is attributable to its Participation Interest in the E P Operation. With respect to each such
E P Operation, each Party shall be responsible to pay the Costs associated with such operation that are attributable to and correspond
with its Participation Interest in the operation. 

2.04
 Exploratory Operations; Rights in Data Allocation of Costs . 

With respect to
each E P Operation conducted by Valkor that results in the generation of E P Data, all such E P Data shall be owned by Valkor
regardless of whether TMC Capital elects to assume a Participation Interest in the E P Operation generating the data. In turn, TMC
Capital and its Affiliates shall have a permanent, fully-paid, non-exclusive, royalty-free license and right to access and use all such
E P Data for any purpose, subject only to its confidentiality obligations under Article V. With respect to each such E P Operation,
each Party shall be responsible to pay the Costs associated with such operation that are attributable to and correspond with its Participation
Interest in the operation. 

2.05
 Designated Operator; E P Operations . 

Unless otherwise agreed
by the Parties in writing, Valkor shall be the designated operator for and with respect to each E P Operation conducted under or within
the scope of the Leases, or any of them, or any successor lease or instrument thereto, respectively. 

2.06
 Cost Recovery Invoicing . 

(a) For
each E P Operation conducted by Valkor in or as to which TMC Capital has elected a Participation Interest, Valkor shall be entitled
to recover or collect the Costs associated with the E P Operation by requiring TMC Capital to pay its proportionate share of any Advance
Cost Estimate prepared and delivered to TMC Capital on a periodic basis and at such times as Valkor may determine. Alternatively, and
at Valkor s option, Valkor may pay all or a part of the Costs associated with the E P Operation as such Costs are incurred or
become due and then deliver to TMC Capital, at such times as Valkor may determine, an Actual Invoice showing the Costs that have been
or will be paid by Valkor in connection with the E P Operation and a statement of the Cost-Share owed by TMC Capital based on its
Participation Interest in the E P Operation. 

(b)
In the event that Valkor elects to prepare and deliver an Advance Cost Estimate to TMC Capital from time to time for an E P
Operation in which TMC Capital has elected a Participation Interest, Valkor shall thereafter deliver an Actual Invoice to TMC
Capital that sets forth the final amount of the Costs incurred in connection with the E P Operation, together with any
adjustments, including credits or additional payments that may be owed by TMC Capital under the Actual Invoice. 

Page 5 of 17 

(c) Unless
otherwise agreed by the Parties in writing, all Advance Cost Estimates and Actual Invoices in respect of any E P Operation conducted
by Valkor shall be at or within 110 of the applicable Cost estimated in the AFE issued for the E P Operation. All Actual Invoices
delivered to TMC Capital as to any E P Operation in which TMC Capital has elected a Participation Interest shall be accompanied by
invoices, billing statements, purchase orders, services or work agreements, work orders and other supporting documentation. All Costs
reflected in any Actual Invoice submitted to TMC Capital must be reasonable under industry standards, must relate directly to the E P
Operation identified or described therein, and must be verifiable by TMC Capital s accountants and auditors. 

(d) Each
of the Parties shall pay or remit to Valkor, as the case may be, its respective Cost-Share for or with respect to any E P Operation
within thirty (30) days after Valkor delivers an Advance Cost Estimate or Actual Invoice to TMC Capital based on its Participation Interest,
if any, in any such E P Operation. 

2.07
 Periodic Inspection Audit Rights . 

Upon giving Valkor s
advance written notice of at least ten (10) days, TMC Capital shall have the right periodically to inspect and audit Valkor s book
and records to ensure compliance with this Agreement and to verify the authenticity, validity and amount(s) of all Costs allocated to
or paid by TMC Capital in connection with any E P Operation in which TMC Capital has elected a Participation Interest. 

ARTICLE III 

 EXCLUSION OF PLANT FROM AGREEMENT 

3.01
 Plant Ownership; Exclusion from Agreement . 

Notwithstanding anything
to the contrary in this Agreement, the Plant shall continue to be owned by Petroteq Oil Recovery, LLC Petroteq Oil and, except with respect to the provisions governing cleanup and reclamation contained in Article IV, shall be excluded from the scope
of this Agreement and neither the Plant nor its operation shall in any respect be subject to or governed by the terms and conditions contained
in this Agreement. 

3.02
 Operation of the Plant . 

Unless otherwise agreed
by the Parties, and subject to the right of Petroteq Oil Recovery, LLC to operate, expand, shut-down and/or relocate the Plant from time,
it is anticipated that the management and operation of the Plant will continue to be governed by the Master Services Agreement dated November
1, 2018, between Valkor, LLC and Petroteq Oil in accordance with the terms thereof. 

ARTICLE IV
 
ENVIRONMENTAL CLEANUP RECLAMATION 

4.01
 TMC Capital s Reclamation Obligations . 

TMC
Capital is the designated operator of the Temple Mountain Mine Site (the Mine Site ), located on lands covered
by the Leases, under and pursuant to the terms of the Large Mine Permit. TMC Capital has initiated the environmental cleanup and
reclamation of the Mine Site and surrounding areas of the Leases, consistent with the Large Mine Permit, and shall perform all
reclamation activities at the Mine Site and associated areas in accordance with reclamation plans submitted to UDOGN under or in
connection with the Large Mine Permit, including (a) removal and disposal of any deleterious supplies or materials (such as diesel
fuel and oils in vehicles or equipment), and (b) reclamation, removal, redeposit, filling or backfilling or remediation of
stockpiled material, haul roads and other areas, in each case as contemplated under the Large Mine Permit or as may be required by
applicable law. 

Page 6 of 17 

4.02
 Demobilization/Removal of Plant . 

It is anticipated,
consistent with the provisions of the Large Mine Permit, that the Plant will be demobilized and removed from the area of the Mine Site
or otherwise within lands covered by the Leases within one (1) year after operations at the Plant are permanently concluded. 

4.03
 Environmental/Reclamation Indemnity . 

TMC agrees to defend,
indemnify and hold harmless Valkor and its Representatives from and against any demand, claim, cause of action, suit, administrative complaint
or proceeding, property damage, loss or liability arising from or within the scope of the environmental cleanup and reclamation obligations
assumed by TMC Capital (a) under the Large Mining Permit and in or under reclamation plans submitted to UDOGM therewith, and (b) under
or as may be required by the Leases. Notwithstanding the foregoing, however, the defense and indemnity obligations undertaken by TMC Capital
herein shall not apply or extend to claims, causes of action, suits administrative complaints or proceedings, property damage, losses
or liabilities arising from environmental conditions, including any release or discharge of hazardous substances, materials or waste,
caused in whole or in part by Third Persons or for which any Third Person may be responsible under applicable law. 

ARTICLE
V 
CONFIDENTIALITY 

5.01
 Confidentiality Obligations . 

The Parties acknowledge
that each Party may from time to time furnish or disclose (in each such case, a Disclosing Party to the other Party
or its Representatives (in each such case, a Receiving Party information, data and materials that consist of or
include Confidential Information, the improper or unauthorized disclosure or release of which will likely cause irreparable harm to the
Disclosing Party. Accordingly, during the term of this Agreement and for a period of three (3) years following the expiration or termination
hereof or the Closing, whichever occurs first (the Confidentiality Period ), the Receiving Party agrees to keep and
maintain on a private and confidential basis any Confidential Information that it receives from a Disclosing Party and will not, without
the prior written consent of the Disclosing Party, (1) publish, release or otherwise disclose the Confidential Information to any Person
other than another Party and its Representatives that have a need to know such information, except as required by applicable
law, and (2) use any of the Confidential Information for any purpose other than in connection with this Agreement and the consummation
of the transactions contemplated hereby. 

5.02
 Mandatory Disclosure . 

The
Parties shall use and deploy reasonable best efforts to preserve and protect the Confidential Information from any unauthorized
disclosure or publication. In the event that a Party determines that it is legally obligated to publish, release or disclose any
provision of this Agreement or any other Confidential Information, in whole or in part, such Party shall provide the other Party
with prompt written notice and shall seek to limit the dissemination, release or public disclosure of such Confidential Information.
In the case of legal proceedings in which disclosure of any Confidential Information is required or compelled by law, the Parties
shall cooperate to obtain an appropriate protective order limiting the disclosure of such information. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, the Parties acknowledge that each Party may be required under the terms of securities laws or regulations, or in
connection with any public offering of securities, to disclose the existence of this Agreement and the terms hereof. 

Page 7 of 17 

ARTICLE VI 

 RELATIONSHIP OF THE PARTIES; TAXATION 

6.01 Relationship
of Parties . The rights, duties, obligations and liabilities of the Parties under this Agreement shall be individual, not joint or
collective. It is not the intention of the Parties to create, nor shall this Agreement be deemed or construed as creating, a mining or
other partnership, joint venture or association or (except as explicitly provided in this Agreement) a trust. This Agreement shall not
be deemed or construed to authorize any Party to act as an agent, servant or employee for any other Party for any purpose whatsoever except
as explicitly set forth herein or in a separate agreement executed by the Parties. In their relations with each other under this Agreement,
the Parties shall not be considered fiduciaries except as expressly provided in this Agreement or in a separate agreement executed by
the Parties. 

6.02 Taxes .
Each Party shall be responsible for reporting and discharging its own tax measured by the profit or income of the Party and the satisfaction
of such Party s share of all contract obligations under this Agreement or under any of the oil and gas leases described in this
Agreement. Each Party shall protect, defend and indemnify the other Party from any and all loss, cost or liability arising from the indemnifying
Party s failure to report and discharge such taxes or satisfy such obligations. The Parties intend that all income and all tax benefits
(including deductions, depreciation, credits and capitalization) with respect to the expenditures made by the Parties hereunder will be
allocated by the government tax authorities to the Parties based on the share of each tax item actually received or borne by each Party.
If such allocation is not accomplished due to the application of applicable law, the Parties shall attempt to adopt mutually agreeable
arrangements that will allow the Parties to achieve the financial results intended. The Party acting as the designated operator in or
with respect to any E P Operation or for an Oil Sands Processing Plant shall provide each Party, in a timely manner and at such Party s
sole expense, such information with respect to all such operations as each Party may reasonably request for preparation of its tax returns
or responding to any audit or other tax proceeding. 

6.03
 United States Tax Election . 

(a) If,
for United States federal income tax purposes, this Agreement or any of the operations conducted under any of the oil and gas leases described
in this Agreement are regarded as a partnership and if the Parties have not agreed to form a tax partnership, each U.S. Party elects to
be excluded from the application of all of the provisions of Subchapter K , Chapter 1, Subtitle A of the United
States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ), to the extent permitted and authorized by Section 761(a)
of the Code and the regulations promulgated thereunder. Each Party shall be responsible for executing and filing, either individually
or jointly, such evidence of this election as may be required by the Internal Revenue Service, including all of the returns, statements,
and data required by United States Treasury Regulations Sections 1.761-2 and 1.6031(a)-1(b)(5) and shall provide a copy thereof to each
Party. 

(b)
No Party shall give any notice or take any other action inconsistent with the foregoing election. If any income tax laws of any
state or other political subdivision of the United States or any future income tax laws of the United States or any such political
subdivision contain provisions similar to those in Subchapter K , Chapter 1, Subtitle A of the Code,
under which an election similar to that provided by Section 761(a) of the Code is permitted, each Party shall make such election as
may be permitted or required by such laws. In making the foregoing election or elections, each Party states that the income derived
by it from operations under this Agreement or under the oil and gas leases described in this Agreement can be adequately determined
without the computation of partnership taxable income. 

Page 8 of 17 

ARTICLE VII
 
INDEMNIFICATION LIMITS OF LIABILITY 

7.01 TMC Capital s Indemnity . 

(a) TMC
Capital agrees to defend, indemnify and hold harmless Valkor and its Affiliates, and each of their respective Representatives (collectively,
 Valkor Indemnitees ), from and against all claims, demands, administrative actions and/or civil actions or suits (whether
threatened, actual or otherwise) for damages, penalties, fines or other legal or equitable relief asserted, commenced or requested by
any Third Person, or any losses, liability or costs (including reasonable attorneys fees and litigation costs) incurred by any
of the Valkor Indemnitees as a result thereof, on account of: 

(1) Any personal injury, disease or death of any person(s), or
any damage to or loss of property, resulting from or arising out of TMC Capital s operations conducted under or within the scope
of this Agreement, including any injury, death or property damage caused by or attributable to (i) the sole, concurrent or combined negligence
or fault of TMC Capital or any of its Representatives, or (ii) where liability with or without fault is strictly imposed by operation
of law based on a condition created by TMC Capital or any of its Representatives; 

(2) Any failure by TMC Capital to comply with laws, statutes,
rules, regulations and orders of governmental authorities that are applicable to TMC Capital s operations conducted under or within
the scope of this Agreement; 

(3) Liens, claims and demands arising from work performed by TMC
Capital s contractors or subcontractors or from materials supplied to TMC Capital; 

(4) Any breach or violation of any representation, warranty or
covenant of TMC Capital contained in this Agreement. 

(b)
The indemnity obligations undertaken by TMC Capital in favor of the Valkor Indemnitees under Section 7.01(a)(1), including any
defense obligations, claims, judgments and liability (including attorney s fees and litigation costs), shall be limited to the
amount of insurance coverage or limits in the insurance policies required to be carried or maintained by TMC Capital under the
provisions of Section 8.01 (and as set forth in Schedule Y hereto), whether or not TMC Capital has secured and is carrying
the insurance coverage required by Section 8.01. TMC Capital shall have no indemnification obligations under Section 7.01(a)(1) for
any obligation, claim, judgment or liability that is or would be outside the scope and coverage of the insurance policies and
coverage required to be maintained by TMC Capital under Section 8.01. 

7.02
 Valkor s Indemnity . 

(a) Valkor
agrees to defend, indemnify and hold harmless TMC Capital and its Affiliates, and each of their respective Representatives (collectively,
 TMC Indemnitees ), from and against all claims, demands, administrative actions and/or civil actions or suits (whether
threatened, actual or otherwise) for damages, penalties, fines or other legal or equitable relief asserted, commenced or requested by
any Third Person, or any losses, liability or costs (including reasonable attorneys fees and litigation costs) incurred by any
of the TMC Indemnitees as a result thereof, on account of: 

(1) Any personal injury, disease or death of any person(s), or
any damage to or loss of property, resulting from or arising out of Valkor s operations conducted under or within the scope of
this Agreement, including any injury, death or property damage caused by or attributable to (i) the sole, concurrent or combined negligence
or fault of Valkor or any of its Representatives, or (ii) where liability with or without fault is strictly imposed by operation of law
based on a condition created by Valkor or any of its Representatives; 

Page 9 of 17 

(2) Any failure by Valkor to comply with laws, statutes, rules,
regulations or orders of governmental authorities that are applicable to Valkor s operations conducted under or within the scope
of this Agreement; 

(3) Liens, claims and demands arising from work performed by Valkor s
contractors or subcontractors or from materials supplied to TMC Capital; 

(4) Any breach or violation of any representation, warranty or
covenant of Valkor contained in this Agreement. 

(b) The
indemnity obligations undertaken by Valkor in favor of the TMC Indemnitees under Section 7.02(a)(1), including any defense obligations,
claims, judgments and liability (including attorney s fees and litigation costs), shall be limited to the amount of insurance coverage
or limits in the insurance policies required to be carried or maintained by Valkor under the provisions of Section 8.01 (and as set forth
in Schedule Y hereto), whether or not Valkor has secured and is carrying the insurance coverage required by Section 8.01. Valkor
shall have no indemnification obligations under Section 7.02(a)(1) for any obligation, claim, judgment or liability that is or would be
outside the scope and coverage of the insurance policies and coverage required to be maintained by Valkor under Section 8.01. 

7.03
 Limitations of Liability . 

NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING
TO THE CONTRARY CONTAINED IN THIS AGREEMENT, NEITHER PARTY SHALL HAVE ANY LIABILITY TO THE OTHER OR TO ANY INDEMNITEE UNDER THE INDEMNITY
PROVISIONS CONTAINED IN THIS AGREEMENT FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES, INCLUDING LOST PROFITS, REVENUE
OR SAVINGS, REGARDLESS OF THE FORM OF ACTION GIVING RISE TO ANY CLAIM FOR SUCH DAMAGES, WHETHER IN CONTRACT OR IN TORT, OR OTHERWISE,
EVEN IF PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. 

ARTICLE VIII 
INSURANCE 

8.01 Insurance Requirements . 

Each Party shall maintain, at its cost
or at their joint cost, the insurance policies and coverages set forth in Schedule Y hereto. 

[REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT
BLANK] 

Page 10 of 17 

ARTICLE IX 

 ASSIGNMENTS AND TRANSFERS OF
INTERESTS 

9.01 Assignments and Transfers . 

Neither Valkor
nor TMC Capital shall have the power, authority or right to assign, sublease, encumber or otherwise transfer any right, title or interest
that it, or either of them, may own or hold in the Leases without the prior written consent of the other Party, which consent shall not
be unreasonably withheld. Any such assignment, sublease, encumbrance or other proposed transfer by either Party, even if consented to
in writing by the non-transferring Party, shall require that each assignee, sublessee or transferee (including any mortgagee or secured
party acquiring any interest in the Leases by virtue or any foreclosure or in the exercise of secured rights), as a condition to receiving
any right, title or interest in the Leases as the owner of working interests, agree in writing to become bound by the terms of this Agreement,
including the confidentiality provisions contained herein, or in any restatement or replacement agreement that may be developed and agreed
upon by the Parties. 

ARTICLE X 

 GOVERNING LAW DISPUTE RESOLUTION 

10.01 Governing Law . 

THIS AGREEMENT
AND THE VALIDITY, INTERPRETATION, TERMINATION AND ENFORCEMENT THEREOF AND HEREOF SHALL BE SUBJECT TO AND GOVERNED IN ALL RESPECTS BY THE
LAWS OF THE STATE OF UTAH WITHOUT REGARD TO THE CHOICE OF LAWS OR CONFLICTS OF LAWS PRINCIPLES THEREOF. 

10.02 Dispute Resolution . 

ANY CLAIM, CONTROVERSY
OR DISPUTE BETWEEN THE PARTIES (WHETHER CONTRACTUAL OR NON-CONTRACTUAL IN NATURE) ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT
(EACH A DISPUTE SHALL BE FINALLY AND EXCLUSIVELY RESOLVED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE DISPUTE RESOLUTION PROVISIONS SET
FORTH IN SCHEDULE Z HERETO. 

ARTICLE
XI 

 GENERAL PROVISIONS 

11.01 Amendments . 

This Agreement
may be amended, modified, changed, altered or supplemented only by a written instrument duly executed by each of the Parties specifically
for such purpose and that specifically refers to this Agreement. 

11.02 Waiver . 

Any
of the terms, provisions, covenants, representations or conditions hereof may be waived only by a written instrument executed by the
Party waiving compliance. Failure of any Party at any time to require performance of any provision contained in this Agreement shall
not, in any way or manner, affect its right to enforce the same. No waiver by any Party of any condition or of the breach of any
provision contained in this Agreement, whether by conduct or otherwise, in any one or more instances, shall be deemed to be or
construed as a further or continuing waiver of any such condition or breach, or a waiver of any other condition or of any breach of
any other provision hereof. 

Page 11 of 17 

11.03 Notices Notification . 

(a) Any
notice required or permitted to be given by any Party will be deemed given when in writing and delivered to the address for notice of
the intended recipient by personal delivery or by courier, by prepaid certified or registered mail, or by facsimile or telecopier. Any
notice delivered by mail shall be deemed to have been received on the actual date of receipt. Any notice delivered personally or by facsimile
or telecopier shall be deemed to have been received on the actual date of delivery. The address for service of notice or process to or
on each of the Parties is as follows: 

(1) If to TMC Capital : 
 
 TMC Capital, LLC Attention: R.
 Gerald Bailey 
 15315 W. Magnolia Boulevard, Ste 120 Sherman Oaks,
 California 91402 Telephone: (713) 524-2542 
 Email: executive@petroteq.energy 

(2) If to Valkor : 
 
 Valkor Energy Holdings, LLC Attention: Steven Byle 
 21732 Provincial Boulevard, Ste 160 
 Katy, Texas 77450 
 Telephone: (832) 859-5060 Email: steven.byle@valkor.com 

(b) Any
Party may, by written notice to the other Parties, change its address for notice to some other address in the U.S. and shall be required
to change its address for notice purposes whenever its existing address ceases to be adequate for delivery by hand. A post office box
may not be used as an address for notices or for service of process hereunder. 

11.04 Recordation; Memorandum . 

Each of the Parties
shall be entitled to record the assignment and title instruments delivered under the terms of this Agreement or, upon mutual agreement,
the Parties may execute a memorandum of any such assignment and title instrument and record such instrument, in each case in the county
in the State of Utah in which the lands covered by such instruments are located, in lieu of recording a full copy of each such assignment
and title instrument. 

11.05 Reasonable Assurances . 

Each Party shall
promptly execute, acknowledge, and deliver to the other Party such other instruments and take such other action as may be necessary or
convenient in order to effect the transaction contemplated in this Agreement. 

11.06 Third Party Beneficiary . 

This Agreement shall not confer any rights
or remedies upon any Person other than the Parties and their respective successors and permitted assigns. 

Page 12 of 17 

11.07 Transaction Expenses . 

Each Party
shall be responsible for its own costs and expenses (including legal, financial, advisory, investment banking and accounting fees and
expenses) incurred in connection with development of this Agreement. 

11.08 Savings Clause; Severability . 

If any part or portion of this Agreement
is held to be invalid, such invalidity of any such part or portion shall not affect any remaining part or portion hereof. 

11.09 Entire Agreement . 

When executed
by the duly authorized representatives of the Parties, this Agreement, together with the Exhibits and Schedules attached thereto, respectively,
shall constitute the entire agreement between and among the Parties with respect to the subject matter hereof, and shall supersede and
replace any and all other writings, understandings or memoranda of understanding entered into or discussed prior to the execution date
hereof. This Agreement sets forth the entire agreement and understanding of the Parties with respect to this transactions contemplated
hereby, and any prior agreements are hereby merged herein and terminated. 

11.10 Counterparts . 

This Agreement may be executed in as many
counterpart copies as may be required. All counterparts shall collectively constitute a single agreement. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the
Parties have executed and made this Agreement effective as of the date written above. 

VALKOR ENERGY HOLDINGS, LLC 
 
 TMC CAPITAL, LLC 

By: 
 /s/ Steven Byle 
 
 By: 
 /s/ R. Gerald Bailey 

Name: 
 Steven Byle 
 
 Name: 
 R. Gerald Bailey 

Title: 
 Manager/Managing Member 
 
 Title: 
 Manager/Managing Member 

Page 13 of 17 

EXHIBIT
A THE LEASES 

The Assignment
consists of the right on the part of TMC Capital, at its election, to participate in E P Operations conducted by Valkor under and
within the scope of the certain mineral leases covering and including lands situated in Uintah County (Salt Lake Meridian), State of Utah,
more particularly described as follows: 

1. Mining and Mineral Lease Agreement dated July 1, 2013, as amended. 

Mining and Mineral
Lease Agreement dated July 1, 2013, as amended, executed between Asphalt Ridge, Inc., as lessor, and TMC Capital, LLC, as lessee, with
respect to lands situated in Uintah County (Salt Lake Meridian), Utah, more particularly described as follows: 

Township 4 South, Range 20 East (SLM) 

Section
25: Lots 1 2, W NE 

 (Enterprise No. 6 patented mining claim) 

Township 4 South, Range 21 East (SLM) 

Section 30: Lots 1 2, W NE NW ,
SE NE NW , SE NW 

 (Enterprise No. 5 patented mining claim) 

Township 5 South, Range 21 East (SLM) 

Section 4: 
 SW NW , NW SW , E SW 
 
 Section 15: 
 W NW , SE NW , SW NE 
 
 Section 25: 
 SW (Cameron No. 7 patented mining claim) 
 
 Section 25: 
 Lots 9 10, W SE (Cameron No. 5 patented mining claim) 
 
 Section 25: 
 Lots 4 5, S NW (Cameron No. 8 patented mining claim) 

Township 5 South, Range 22 East (SLM) 

Section 31: 
 Lot 3, SW SE , E SW 
 
 Section 31: 
 N SE , SE SE (Cameron No. 1 patented mining claim) 
 
 Section 32: 
 SW 

(containing 1,229.82 acres, more or less). 

2. Short Term Mining Lease dated August 10, 2020, as amended . 

Short Term Mining Lease dated August 10, 2020, executed
between Asphalt Ridge, Inc., as lessor, and Valkor LLC, as lessee, with respect to lands situated in Uintah County (Salt Lake Meridian),
Utah, more particularly described as follows: 

Township 5 South, Range 22 East (SLM) 

 Section 31: Lot 3, SW SE , E SW ,
N SE , and SE SE 

Page 14 of 17 

SCHEDULE
Y 

 INSURANCE REQUIREMENTS 

1. Insurance
Coverages . (a) Each Party shall procure and maintain, at its sole cost, at all times during the conduct or performance of operations
under the Leases or on or with respect to any of the lands covered thereby, and for a period of two (2) years following the termination
or expiration of the Leases, the following insurance policies and coverage, with limits not less than the limits specified below: 

(1) Commercial
General Liability Insurance CGL Insurance ), with a combined single limit of One Million Dollars 1,000,000), covering
personal injury, death or property damage resulting from each occurrence; CG 2503, or its equivalent, amending aggregate limits shall
apply; 

(2) Business
Auto Liability Insurance AL Insurance covering owned, non-owned and hired motor vehicles, with a combined single
limit of One Million Dollars 1,000,000); 

(3) Excess
Liability Insurance, which may be following form , and extending coverage in excess of CGL Insurance and AL Insurance coverages,
with limits not less than Two Million Dollars 2,000,000) combined single limit each occurrence and in the aggregate; 

(4) Workers 
Compensation Insurance with Longshoremens and Harbor Workers endorsement (if applicable) as required by applicable law; and Employer s
Liability Insurance with limits of One Million Dollars 1,000,000) per accident or illness. 

 . 

 (b) The insurance
policies maintained by each Party shall be issued by or through insurance carriers that carry a financial strength rating of at least
A+ with A.M. Best Co. or that are otherwise acceptable to the other Party. Any deductible or self-insured retention of insurable risk
maintained by a Party in or under its insurance program shall be for such Party s account. 

2. Proof
of Coverage; Notice . Prior to commencing operations under the Leases or on or as to any of the lands covered thereby, and on an annual
basis thereafter, each Party shall have its insurance carriers furnish to each Party certificates specifying the types and amounts of
insurance coverage in effect and maintained by each such Party and the expiration dates of each policy. Each certificate shall include
a statement that no insurance will be canceled or materially changed without thirty (30) days prior written notice to both Parties. 

3. Additional Insured; Waiver of Subrogation . (a) To the extent permitted by applicable law: 

(1) The
CGL Insurance, AL Insurance, and Excess Liability Insurance carried by each Party, and each certificate of insurance issued by carriers
providing such insurance, shall name the other Party (or Parties), its officers, directors, managers, employees, agents and representatives,
as an additional insured under endorsement forms that are determined to be acceptable to each Party; and 

(2) All
insurance policies maintained by each Party, to the extent applicable, shall include clauses providing that each issuing company (and
underwriter) shall waive its rights of recovery, under any theory of subrogation or otherwise, against each Party and its officers, directors,
managers, employees, agents and representatives for liabilities or losses within the scope of such policies. 

(b) Each policy
shall include clauses stating that the policy shall be primary and not excess or noncontributing to any insurance policies carried by
or otherwise available to either Party. 

Page 15 of 17 

SCHEDULE
Z 

 DISPUTE RESOLUTION 

1.01 Mandatory Arbitration . 

(a) In
the event of any Dispute, the Parties shall make a good faith effort to resolve the Dispute amicably through settlement and compromise.
If the Parties are unable to resolve a Dispute, the Dispute shall be finally and exclusively resolved by binding arbitration administered
by the American Arbitration Association AAA under its Commercial Arbitration Rules and the Mediation Procedures
(the AAA Rules ). Unless otherwise agreed by the Parties in writing, the following rules and procedures shall supplement
the AAA Rules, or constitute an exception thereto, and shall govern any arbitration of a Dispute conducted thereunder: 

(1) The place of the arbitration shall be at AAA s offices
in Houston, Texas, and the arbitration shall be conducted in the English language; 

(2) The arbitration shall be conducted by a tribunal of three
(3) arbitrators (the Arbitral Tribunal ). One arbitrator shall be nominated by the claimant(s) and the second arbitrator
shall be nominated by the respondent(s). The two nominated arbitrators shall then jointly nominate the third arbitrator, who shall act
as chairman of the Arbitral Tribunal and shall be a qualified lawyer licensed to practice law in one or more states within the United
States and shall have expertise in oil and gas law and related transactions. If the claimant(s) or the respondent(s) fails to nominate
an arbitrator to the Arbitral Tribunal within thirty (30) calendar days after the date on which a written request for arbitration has
been received by the AAA (the Arbitration Commencement Date ), or the two arbitrators nominated by the claimant(s)
and respondent(s), respectively, fail to designate the third arbitrator to the Arbitral Tribunal within thirty (30) calendar days after
the Arbitration Commencement Date, the AAA shall appoint any arbitrator or arbitrators required to complete the Arbitral Tribunal, including
the third arbitrator that is to act as the chairman of the Arbitral Tribunal; 

(3) The appointing authority shall be the AAA; and 

(4) No arbitrator selected or appointed to the Arbitral Tribunal
shall be older than seventy (70) years of age at the time of his/her appointment unless the Parties waive this requirement in writing. 

(b) The
decision or award of the Arbitral Tribunal (or of a sole arbitrator if the Parties agree to have the arbitration conducted by a single
arbitrator) shall be in writing and shall state and be supported by detailed reasoning for the award. Discovery of evidence shall be conducted
expeditiously by the Parties, bearing in mind the Parties desire to limit discovery and to expedite the decision or award of the
arbitrators at the most reasonable cost and expense of the Parties. 

(c) The
decision or award of the Arbitral Tribunal (or of a sole arbitrator if the Parties agree to have the arbitration conducted by a single
arbitrator), shall be final, conclusive and binding on the parties thereto, and any right of application or appeal to the courts or any
judicial body in connection with any question of law or fact arising in the arbitration or in connection with any award or decision made
by the Arbitral Tribunal or the arbitrators shall, so far as lawfully possible, is and shall be waived and excluded (except as may be
necessary to enforce such award or decision). A judgment upon an award rendered by the Arbitral Tribunal, or by any arbitrator, pursuant
to any arbitration proceeding conducted hereunder may be entered in any court having jurisdiction or application may be made to such court
for a judicial acceptance of the award and/or an order of enforcement, as the case may be. 

Page 16 of 17 

1.02 Limitations on Liability Remedies . 

In any arbitration
or litigation between the Parties, neither Party shall be liable for or assert any claim for consequential, incidental, indirect, special
or exemplary (punitive) damages unless it is determined that a Party (a) intentionally and knowingly breached or violated this Agreement
in an attempt to misappropriate or unlawfully distribute to others the property (including the intellectual property) of a Party, or (b)
willfully ignored or disregarded any emergency relief obtained by a Party hereunder. 

1.03 Confidentiality . 

Each Party in
any arbitration conducted hereunder shall keep any Dispute and the proceedings relating thereto confidential and shall not publish or
disclose to any Person, other than those Persons involved in the proceedings, the existence of the arbitration or any information, pleadings
or other documents submitted in the arbitration, any oral submissions or testimony, transcripts, or any award, unless and to the extent
that disclosure is required by law or is necessary for the recognition or enforcement of any final arbitration decision or award. 

1.04 Enforcement; Limitations on Remedies . 

(a) Any
final decision or award of the Arbitral Tribunal or the arbitrator(s) hereunder, including any interim measure or emergency relief granted
to a Party, shall be considered a final award under the U.S. Federal Arbitration Act and may be confirmed and enforced in accordance therewith.
Any such final arbitration decision or award may be enforced, and any interim measures or emergency relief required by a Party may be
obtained in aid of arbitration or to protect the status quo or the interests or property of the Parties prior to or during the pendency
of arbitration, in or from the federal or state courts located in Houston, Texas. 

(b) Each
of the Parties hereby submits to the AAA in Houston, Texas (USA) as the mandatory forum of choice for the resolution of any Dispute and
to the jurisdiction of the federal and state courts sitting in Houston, Texas, for the enforcement of any final decision or award issued
by the Arbitral Tribunal or by any arbitrator(s) or the issuance of interim measures or emergency relief. Service of process in any arbitral
or judicial action or proceeding instituted hereunder may be made upon the Parties, or either of them, by delivering a request for arbitration
or other pleading or document, using the methods set forth in the Notice provisions contained in this Agreement, to a Party
at the address for such Party as listed therein. Each Party irrevocably, voluntarily and knowingly waives and relinquishes (1) the right
to institute, prosecute or maintain any action or proceeding, whether in the nature of a civil action, arbitration or other proceeding,
in any forum or in any jurisdiction other than AAA in the forum selected and agreed upon by the Parties herein, and (2) any right to invoke,
and hereby agrees not to invoke, any claim or defense of forum non conveniens, inconvenient or improper forum or transfer or change of
venue. 

(c) In
any arbitration (or other legal action) involving a Dispute, or in any civil litigation to compel arbitration or to enforce any final
arbitration decision or award hereunder, each Party shall pay its own costs and expenses, including attorneys fees and the fees
and expenses of its experts and witnesses. 

Page 17 of 17 

</EX-10.25>

<EX-10.26>
 4
 f10k2021ex10-26_petroteq.htm
 ASSIGNMENT OF UTAH STATE LEASE FOR BITUMINOUS-ASPHALTIC SANDS DATED OCTOBER 25, 2021, BETWEEN PETROTEQ ENERGY INC. (ASSIGNOR) AND VALKOR ENERGY HOLDINGS, LLC (ASSIGNEE)

Exhibit 10.26 

</EX-10.26>

<EX-10.27>
 5
 f10k2021ex10-27_petroteq.htm
 ASSIGNMENT OF UTAH STATE LEASE FOR BITUMINOUS-ASPHALTIC SANDS DATED OCTOBER 25, 2021, BETWEEN PETROTEQ OIL RECOVERY, LLC (ASSIGNOR) AND VALKOR ENERGY HOLDINGS, LLC (ASSIGNEE)

Exhibit 10.27 

</EX-10.27>

<EX-10.28>
 6
 f10k2021ex10-28_petroteq.htm
 ASSIGNMENT OF UTAH STATE LEASE FOR BITUMINOUS-ASPHALTIC SANDS DATED OCTOBER 25, 2021, BETWEEN VALKOR ENERGY HOLDINGS, LLC (ASSIGNOR) AND TMC CAPITAL, LLC (ASSIGNEE)

Exhibit 10.28 

</EX-10.28>

<EX-10.29>
 7
 f10k2021ex10-29_petroteq.htm
 ASSIGNMENT OF MINING AND MINERAL RIGHTS, DATED OCTOBER 25, 2021, TMC CAPITAL, LLC (ASSIGNOR) AND VALKOR ENERGY HOLDINGS, LLC (ASSIGNEE)

Exhibit 10.29 

</EX-10.29>

<EX-10.30>
 8
 f10k2021ex10-30_petroteq.htm
 ASSIGNMENT OF OPERATING RIGHTS UNDER UTAH STATE MINERAL LEASES FOR BITUMINOUS-ASPHALTIC SANDS, DATED OCTOBER 26, 2021 BETWEEN TMC CAPITAL (ASSIGNOR) AND VALKOR ENERGY HOLDINGS, LLC (ASSIGNEE)

Exhibit 10.30 

</EX-10.30>

<EX-21.1>
 9
 f10k2021ex21-1_petroteq.htm
 SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT

Exhibit 21.1 

SUBSIDIARIES OF PETROTEQ ENERGY INC. 

The following is a list of all the subsidiaries
of Petroteq Energy Inc. (the Company and the corresponding state or jurisdiction of incorporation or organization
of each. All of the subsidiaries are directly or indirectly wholly-owned by the Company. 

Name of Subsidiary 
 
 State or Jurisdiction of 
Incorporation or Organization 
 
 Petroteq Energy CA, Inc. 
 
 California 
 
 Petroteq Oil Sands Recovery, LLC 
 
 Utah 
 
 TMC Capital, LLC 
 
 Utah 
 
 Petrobloq, LLC 
 
 California 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-31.1>
 10
 f10k2021ex31-1_petroteq.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF 
THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, R. Gerald Bailey, certify that: 

1. I
have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Petroteq Energy Inc.; 

2. Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make
the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
by this report; 

3. Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects
the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13-a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those
entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d) Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financing reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

a) All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting. 

Date: December 14, 2021 
 By: 
 /s/ R.G. Bailey 

R. Gerald Bailey 

Interim Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 11
 f10k2021ex31-2_petroteq.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF 
THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Ron Cook, certify that: 

1. I
have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Petroteq Energy Inc.; 

2. Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make
the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
by this report; 

3. Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects
the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13-a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those
entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d) Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financing reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

a) All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting. 

Date: December 14, 2021 
 By: 
 /s/ Ron Cook 

Ron Cook 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 12
 f10k2021ex32-1_petroteq.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual
Report of Petroteq Energy Inc. (the Registrant on Form 10-K for the year ended August 31, 2021 as filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, R. Gerald Bailey, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350,
as adopted pursuant to Section. 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge: 

1. The
Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. The
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the
Registrant. 

Date: December 14, 2021 
 By: 
 /s/ R.G. Bailey 

R. Gerald Bailey 

Chairman and Interim Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 13
 f10k2021ex32-2_petroteq.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual
Report of Petroteq Energy Inc. (the Registrant on Form 10-K for the year ended August 31, 2021 as filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Ron Cook, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted
pursuant to Section. 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge: 

1. The
Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. The
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the
Registrant. 

Date: December 14, 2021 
 By: 
 /s/ Ron Cook 

Ron Cook 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 40
 pqeff-20210831.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 41
 pqeff-20210831_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 42
 pqeff-20210831_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 43
 pqeff-20210831_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 44
 pqeff-20210831_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

