<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20211119_10-K_edgar_data_1732845_0001564590-21-057778.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>36687353</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>458098</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2711413</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>14758519</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>4642963</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>13352443</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001564590-21-057778.hdr.sgml : 20211119
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20211119164109
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001564590-21-057778
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		143
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20210930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20211119
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20211119

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			WestRock Co
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001732845
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PAPERBOARD CONTAINERS & BOXES [2650]
		IRS NUMBER:				371880617
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0930

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38736
		FILM NUMBER:		211428875

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1000 ABERNATHY ROAD NE
		CITY:			ATLANTA
		STATE:			GA
		ZIP:			30328
		BUSINESS PHONE:		678-291-7456

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1000 ABERNATHY ROAD NE
		CITY:			ATLANTA
		STATE:			GA
		ZIP:			30328

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Whiskey Holdco, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20180227

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001564590-21-057778.txt : 20211119

10-K
 1
 wrk-10k_20210930.htm
 10-K

wrk-10k_20210930.htm

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 (Mark One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended 
 OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from to 
 Commission file number 

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) 

(State or Other Jurisdiction of 
 Incorporation or Organization) 

(I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification No.) 

, , 

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) 

(Zip Code) 

Registrant s Telephone Number, Including Area Code: ) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class 
 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of the common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of March 31, 2021 (based on the closing price per share as reported on the New York Stock Exchange on such date), was approximately million. 
 As of November 5, 2021, the registrant had shares of Common Stock, par value 0.01 per share, outstanding. 
 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

WESTROCK COMPANY 
 INDEX TO FORM 10-K 

Page 
 Reference 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 
 Business 
 
 3 

Item 1A. 
 
 Risk Factors 
 
 20 

Item 1B. 
 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 31 

Item 2. 
 
 Properties 
 
 31 

Item 3. 
 
 Legal Proceedings 
 
 33 

Item 4. 
 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 33 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 
 Market for the Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 34 

Item 6. 
 
 [Reserved] 
 
 34 

Item 7. 
 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 35 

Item 7A. 
 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 56 

Item 8. 
 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 59 

Item 9. 
 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 130 

Item 9A. 
 
 Controls and Procedures 
 
 130 

Item 9B. 
 
 Other Information 
 
 131 

Item 9C. 
 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 
 131 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 132 

Item 11. 
 
 Executive Compensation 
 
 133 

Item 12. 
 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 133 

Item 13. 
 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 
 133 

Item 14. 
 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 
 133 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 134 

Item 16. 
 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 
 134 

2 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 
 BUSINESS 

 Unless the context otherwise requires, we , us , our , WestRock and the Company refer to the business of WestRock Company, its wholly-owned subsidiaries and its partially-owned consolidated subsidiaries for periods on or after November 2, 2018 and to WRKCo Inc. (formerly known as WestRock Company, WRKCo for periods prior to November 2, 2018. 
 General 
 WestRock is a multinational provider of sustainable fiber-based paper and packaging solutions. We partner with our customers to provide differentiated, sustainable paper and packaging solutions that help them win in the marketplace. Our team members support customers around the world from our operating and business locations in North America, South America, Europe, Asia and Australia. 
 On November 2, 2018, pursuant to the Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Merger Agreement ), dated as of January 28, 2018, among WRKCo, KapStone Paper and Packaging Corporation KapStone ), WestRock Company (formerly known as Whiskey Holdco, Inc.), Whiskey Merger Sub, Inc. and Kola Merger Sub, Inc., the Company acquired all of the outstanding shares of KapStone through a transaction in which: (i) Whiskey Merger Sub, Inc. merged with and into WRKCo, with WRKCo surviving the merger as a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company and (ii) Kola Merger Sub, Inc. merged with and into KapStone, with KapStone surviving the merger as a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company (together, the KapStone Acquisition ). As a result, among other things, the Company became the ultimate parent of WRKCo, KapStone and their respective subsidiaries, and the Company changed its name to WestRock Company and WRKCo changed its name to WRKCo Inc. . WRKCo (formerly known as WestRock Company) was the accounting acquirer in the transaction therefore, the historical consolidated financial statements of WRKCo for periods prior to the KapStone Acquisition are also considered to be the historical financial statements of the Company. The Company is the successor issuer to both WRKCo and KapStone pursuant to Rule 12g-3(c) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). See Note 3. Acquisitions and Investments of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for more information. 
 
 We report our financial results of operations in the following two reportable segments: Corrugated Packaging, which consists of our containerboard mills, corrugated packaging and distribution operations, as well as our merchandising displays and recycling procurement operations and Consumer Packaging, which consists of our consumer mills, food and beverage and partition operations. Prior to the completion of our monetization program in fiscal 2020, we had a third reportable segment, Land and Development, which previously sold real estate, primarily in the Charleston, SC region. Following completion of the monetization of these assets, we ceased reporting the results of the Land and Development segment as a separate segment. 
 Products 
 Corrugated Packaging Segment 
 We are one of the largest integrated producers of linerboard and corrugating medium containerboard ), corrugated products and specialty papers (including kraft papers and saturating kraft) in North America measured by tons produced, one of the largest producers of high-graphics preprinted linerboard measured by net sales in North America and one of the largest manufacturers of temporary promotional point-of-purchase displays in North America measured by net sales. We have integrated corrugated operations in North America, Brazil and India. We believe we are one of the largest paper recyclers in North America and our recycling operations provide substantially all of the recycled fiber that we consume to our containerboard and paperboard mills, as well as to third parties. Our Brazil operations own and operate forestlands that provide virgin fiber to our mill in Brazil. 
 We operate an integrated corrugated packaging system that manufactures primarily containerboard, corrugated sheets, corrugated packaging and preprinted linerboard for sale to consumer and industrial products manufacturers and corrugated box manufacturers. We produce a full range of high-quality corrugated containers designed to protect, ship, store, promote and display products made to our customers merchandising and distribution specifications. We convert corrugated sheets into corrugated products ranging from one-color 
 3 

protective cartons to graphically brilliant point-of-purchase packaging. Our corrugated container plants serve local customers and regional and large national accounts. Corrugated packaging is used to provide protective packaging for shipment and distribution of food, paper, health and beauty, and other household, consumer, commercial and industrial products. Corrugated packaging may also be graphically enhanced for retail sale, particularly in club store locations. We provide customers with innovative packaging solutions to help them promote and sell their products. We provide structural and graphic design, engineering services and custom, proprietary and standard automated packaging machines, offering customers turn-key installation, automation, line integration and packaging solutions. We offer a machinery solution that creates pouches that replace single-use plastics, including bubble mailers. We also distribute corrugated packaging materials and other specialty packaging products, including stretch film, void fill, carton sealing tape and other specialty tapes, through our network of warehouses and distribution facilities. To make corrugated sheet stock, we feed linerboard and corrugating medium into a corrugator that flutes the medium to specified sizes, glues the linerboard and fluted medium together, and slits and cuts the resulting corrugated paperboard into sheets to customer specifications. Our containerboard mills and corrugated container operations are integrated with the majority of our containerboard production used internally by our corrugated container operations. The balance is either used in trade swaps with other manufacturers or sold domestically and internationally. 
 We design, manufacture and, in certain cases, pack temporary displays for sale to consumer products companies and retailers. These displays are used as marketing tools to support new product introductions and specific product promotions in mass merchandising stores, supermarkets, convenience stores, home improvement stores and other retail locations. We also design, manufacture and, in some cases, pre-assemble permanent displays for these customers. We make temporary displays primarily from corrugated paperboard. Unlike temporary displays, permanent displays are restocked with our customers product therefore, they are constructed primarily from metal, plastic, wood and other durable materials. We provide contract packing services, such as multi-product promotional packing and product manipulation, such as multipacks and onpacks. We manufacture and distribute point of sale material utilizing litho, screen and digital printing technologies. We manufacture lithographic laminated packaging for sale to our customers that require packaging with high quality graphics and strength characteristics. 
 Our recycling operations primarily procure recovered paper (also known as recycled fiber) from our converting facilities and from third parties, such as factories, warehouses, commercial printers, office complexes, grocery and retail stores, document storage facilities, paper converters and other wastepaper collectors. We handle a wide variety of grades of recovered paper, including old corrugated containers, office paper, box clippings, newspaper and print shop scraps. We operate recycling facilities that collect, sort, grade and bale recovered paper and, after sorting and baling, we transfer it to our containerboard and paperboard mills for processing or sell it principally to manufacturers of paperboard or containerboard in the United States U.S. ), as well as manufacturers of tissue, newsprint, roofing products and insulation, and to export markets. We operate a nationwide fiber marketing and brokerage system that serves large regional and national accounts, as well as our containerboard and paperboard mills, and sells scrap materials from our converting businesses and mills. Many of our recycling facilities are located close to our containerboard and paperboard mills, which helps promote the availability of supply with reduced shipping costs. We conduct our recycling operations as a procurement function, focusing on the procurement of low cost, high quality recycled fiber for our mill system and, therefore, we do not record recycling net sales and the margin from these operations has reduced cost of goods sold. 
 Sales of corrugated packaging products to external customers accounted for 65.4 , 64.6 and 64.2 of our net sales in fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. See Note 7. Segment Information of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, as well as Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations , for additional information. 
 Consumer Packaging Segment 
 We operate integrated virgin and recycled fiber paperboard mills and consumer packaging converting operations, which convert items such as folding cartons, interior partitions, inserts and labels. Our integrated system of virgin and recycled mills produces paperboard for our converting operations and third parties. We internally consume or sell to manufacturers of folding cartons and other paperboard products our coated natural kraft, bleached paperboard and coated recycled paperboard, and internally consume or sell to manufacturers of solid fiber interior packaging, tubes and cores, book covers and other paperboard products our specialty recycled paperboard. The mill owned by our Seven Hills Paperboard LLC Seven Hills joint venture in Lynchburg, VA manufactures gypsum paperboard liner for sale to our joint venture partner. 
 4 

We are one of the largest manufacturers of folding cartons in North America. We believe we are the largest manufacturer of solid fiber partitions in North America measured by net sales. Our folding cartons are used to package items such as food, paper, beverages, dairy products, tobacco, confectionery, health and beauty and other household consumer, commercial and industrial products, primarily for retail sale. Our folding cartons are also used by our customers to attract consumer attention at the point-of-sale. We manufacture express mail packages for the overnight courier industry, provide inserts and labels, as well as rigid packaging and other printed packaging products, such as transaction cards (e.g., credit, debit, etc.), brochures, product literature, marketing materials (such as booklets, folders, inserts, cover sheets and slipcases) and grower tags and plant stakes for the horticultural market. For the global healthcare market, we manufacture paperboard packaging for over-the-counter and prescription drugs. Our customers generally use our inserts and labels to provide customer product information either inside a secondary package (e.g., a folding carton) or affixed to the outside of a primary package (e.g., a bottle). Folding cartons typically protect customers products during shipment and distribution, and employ graphics to promote them at retail. We manufacture folding cartons from recycled and virgin paperboard, laminated paperboard and various substrates with specialty characteristics, such as grease masking and microwaveability. We print, coat, die-cut and glue the cartons to customer specifications and ship finished cartons to customers for assembling, filling and sealing. We employ a broad range of offset, flexographic, gravure, backside printing, coating and finishing technologies, as well as iridescent, holographic, textured and dimensional effects to provide differentiated packaging products, and support our customers with new package development, innovation and design services and package testing services. We manufacture and sell our solid fiber and corrugated partitions and die-cut paperboard components principally to glass container manufacturers, producers of beer, food, wine, spirits, cosmetics and pharmaceuticals, and the automotive industry. 
 Sales of consumer packaging products to external customers accounted for 34.6 , 35.3 and 35.7 of our net sales in fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. See Note 7. Segment Information of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, as well as Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations , for additional information. 
 Land and Development Segment 
 During fiscal 2020, we completed the monetization of the various real estate holdings that we owned that were concentrated in the Charleston, SC region. Sales in our Land and Development segment to external customers accounted for 0.1 and 0.1 of our net sales in fiscal 2020 and 2019, respectively. See Note 7. Segment Information for additional information. Following completion of the monetization of these assets, we ceased reporting the results of the Land and Development segment as a separate segment. 
 Seasonality 
 While our businesses are not materially impacted by seasonality, there is some variability in demand that occurs from quarter to quarter, with net sales in the first quarter of each fiscal year typically being the lowest. As such, we disclose net sales, segment income and shipment data by segment by quarter in Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations . Generally, we expect more of our earnings and cash flows to be generated in the second half of the fiscal year than in the first half of the fiscal year due to these variations and other factors, including the timing of scheduled mill maintenance outages. 
 Raw Materials 
 The primary raw materials used by our mill operations are recycled fiber at our recycled containerboard and paperboard mills and virgin fiber from hardwoods and softwoods at our virgin containerboard and paperboard mills. Certain of our virgin containerboard is manufactured with some recycled fiber content. Our overall fiber sourcing for all of our mills is approximately 65 virgin and 35 recycled. See Item 2. Properties for additional information. Recycled fiber prices and virgin fiber prices can fluctuate significantly. 
 Containerboard and paperboard are the primary raw materials used by our converting operations. Our converting operations use many different grades of containerboard and paperboard. We supply substantially all of our converting operations' needs for containerboard and paperboard from our own mills and through the use of trade swaps with other manufacturers. These arrangements allow us to optimize our mill system and reduce freight costs. Because there are other suppliers that produce the necessary grades of containerboard and paperboard used in our converting operations, we believe we would be able to source significant replacement quantities from other suppliers in the event that we incur production disruptions for recycled or virgin containerboard and 
 5 

paperboard. See Item 1A. Risk Factors We May Face Increased Costs For, or Inadequate Availability of, Raw Materials, Energy and Transportation . 
 Energy 
 Energy is one of the most significant costs of our mill operations. The cost of natural gas, coal, oil, electricity and wood by-products (biomass) at times has fluctuated significantly. In our coated and uncoated recycled paperboard mills, we use primarily natural gas and electricity to generate steam used in the paper making process. In our integrated kraft paper mills, we use natural gas, biomass, fuel oil and some coal to generate steam used in the pulping and paper making processes and to generate some or all of the electricity used on site. We primarily use electricity and natural gas to operate our converting facilities. We generally purchase these products from suppliers at market or tariff rates. See Item 1. Business Governmental Regulation Environmental for additional information. See also Item 1A. Risk Factors We May Face Increased Costs For, or Inadequate Availability of, Raw Materials, Energy and Transportation . See also Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk Energy and Derivative Instruments / Forward Contracts for additional information regarding our energy consumption. 
 Transportation 
 Inbound and outbound freight is a significant cost for us. Factors that influence our freight expense are distance between our shipping and delivery locations, distance from our facilities to our customers and suppliers, mode of transportation (rail, truck, intermodal and ocean) and freight rates, which are influenced by supply and demand and fuel costs. We experienced higher freight costs in fiscal 2021 following a decline in fiscal 2020. The principal markets for our products are in North America, South America, Europe, Asia and Australia. See Item 1A. Risk Factors We May Face Increased Costs For, or Inadequate Availability of, Raw Materials, Energy and Transportation . 
 Sales and Marketing 
 None of our external customers individually accounted for more than 10 of our consolidated net sales in fiscal 2021. We generally manufacture our products pursuant to our customers orders. We believe that we have good relationships with our customers. See Item 1A. Risk Factors We Depend on Certain Large Customers . 
 As a result of our vertical integration, our mills sales volumes may be directly impacted by changes in demand for our packaging products. During fiscal 2021, approximately two-thirds of our coated natural kraft tons shipped, approximately three-fifths of our coated recycled paperboard tons shipped and approximately one-fifth of our bleached paperboard tons shipped were delivered to our converting operations, primarily to manufacture folding cartons, and approximately four-fifths of our containerboard tons shipped, including trade swaps and buy/sell transactions, were delivered to our converting operations to manufacture corrugated products. Under the terms of our Seven Hills joint venture arrangement, our joint venture partner is required to purchase all of the qualifying gypsum paperboard liner produced by Seven Hills. Excluding the production from Seven Hills and from our Aurora, IL mill, which is converted into book covers and other products, approximately one-third of our specialty recycled paperboard tons shipped in fiscal 2021 were delivered to our converting operations, primarily to manufacture interior partitions. We have the ability to move our internal sourcing among certain of our mills to optimize the efficiency of our operations. 
 As a result of our broad portfolio of differentiated and sustainable paper and packaging solutions, we serve more than 15,000 customers, including 188 customers who bought at least 1 million from each of our Corrugated Packaging and Consumer Packaging segments in fiscal 2021. We believe that our ability to leverage our full portfolio of differentiated solutions and capabilities enables us to set ourselves apart from our competitors. 
 We market our products primarily through our own sales force. We also market a number of our products through independent sales representatives and independent distributors. We generally pay our sales personnel a combination of base salary, commissions and annual bonus. We pay our independent sales representatives on a commission basis. Orders from our customers generally do not have significant lead times. We discuss foreign net sales to unaffiliated customers and other non-U.S. operations financial and other segment information in Note 7. Segment Information of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 6 

Competition 
 We operate in a competitive global marketplace and compete with many large, well established and highly competitive manufacturers and service providers. Our business is affected by a range of macroeconomic conditions, including industry capacity changes, global competition, economic conditions in the U.S. and abroad, as well as fluctuations in currency exchange rates. 
 The industries in which we operate are highly competitive, and no single company dominates any of those industries. Our containerboard and paperboard operations compete with integrated and non-integrated national and regional companies operating primarily in North America, and to a limited extent, manufacturers outside of North America. Our competitors include large and small, vertically integrated companies and numerous smaller non-integrated companies. In the corrugated packaging and folding carton markets, we compete with a significant number of national, regional and local packaging suppliers in North America and abroad. In the solid fiber interior packaging, promotional point-of-purchase display and converted paperboard products markets, we primarily compete with a smaller number of national, regional and local companies offering highly specialized products. 
 Since all of our businesses operate in highly competitive industry segments, we regularly discuss sales opportunities for new business or for renewal of existing business with customers. Our packaging products compete with packaging made from other materials, including plastics. The primary competitive factors we face include price, design, product innovation, quality, service and sustainability, with varying emphasis on these factors depending on the product line and customer preferences. Our machinery solutions represent one example of how we compete by providing differentiated solutions that create value for our customers. We believe that we compete effectively with respect to each of these factors and we obtain feedback on our performance with periodic customer surveys, among other means. 
 The industries in which we operate have undergone consolidation. Within the packaging products industry, larger customers, with an expanded geographic presence, have tended to seek suppliers that can, because of their broad geographic presence, efficiently and economically supply all or a range of their packaging needs. In addition, our customers continue to demand higher quality products meeting stricter quality control requirements. Increasing demand for more sustainable products is also impacting our industry. See Item 1. Business Sustainability for additional information. 
 See Item 1A. Risk Factors We Face Intense Competition and Risk Factors We May Be Adversely Affected by Factors That Are Beyond Our Control, Such as U.S. and Worldwide Economic and Financial Market Conditions, and Social and Political Change . 
 Governmental Regulation 
 Health and Safety 
 Our business involves the use of heavy equipment, machinery and chemicals and requires the performance of activities that create safety exposures. The health and safety of our teammates is our most important responsibility, and our goal is to create a 100 safe work environment for our team members. Our safety strategy focuses on People, Process, Prevention and Performance. We seek to reduce exposures and eliminate life changing events through engagement, execution of targeted, results-driven activities, and implementing systems that promote continuous improvement. Our commitment to safety is reinforced by our use of the WestRock Safety Excellence Management System, a robust safety program and training curriculum. 
 We are subject to a broad range of foreign, federal, state and local laws and regulations relating to occupational health and safety, and our safety program includes measures required for compliance. We have incurred, and will continue to incur, capital expenditures to meet our health and safety compliance requirements, as well as to continually improve our safety systems. We believe that future compliance with occupational health and safety laws and regulations will not have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition or cash flows. 
 The global impact of the COVID-19 pandemic COVID-19 continues to evolve a nd the extent of its effect on our operational and financial performance in future periods will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted with confidence, including the duration, scope and severity of the pandemic (including due to new variants such as Delta), the actions taken to contain or mitigate its impact (including the 
 7 

distribution and effectiveness of vaccines), and the direct and indirect economic effects of the pandemic and related containment measures and government responses, among others. 
 On September 9, 2021, the Biden Administration announced a plan directing the Occupational Safety and Health Administration OSHA to issue an emergency temporary standard ETS requiring all private employers with 100 or more workers to mandate COVID-19 vaccinations or a weekly test for all employees. The ETS was issued on November 5, 2021. On November 12, 2021, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit issued an order staying enforcement and implementation of the ETS. We are assessing the anticipated requirements and monitoring future developments. We cannot currently assess the impact it will have on our results of operations, financial condition or cash flows and it is possible that the operational impact and cost of compliance with the ETS may be substantial. See Item 1A. Risk Factors Our Business Has Been, and Will Continue to Be, Impacted by the Outbreak of the COVID-19 Novel Coronavirus . 
 Certain governmental authorities in locations where we do business have established asbestos standards for the workplace. Although we do not use asbestos in manufacturing our products, asbestos containing material ACM is present in some of the facilities we lease or own. For those facilities where ACM is present and ACM is subject to regulation, we have established procedures for properly managing it. 
 Environmental 
 Environmental compliance requirements are a significant factor affecting our business. We employ manufacturing processes that involve discharges to water, air emissions, water intake and waste handling and disposal activities. These processes are subject to numerous federal, state, local and international environmental laws and regulations, as well as the requirements of environmental permits and similar authorizations issued by various governmental authorities. Complex and lengthy processes may be required to obtain and renew approvals, permits, and licenses for new, existing or modified facilities. Additionally, the use and handling of various chemicals or hazardous materials require release prevention plans and emergency response procedures. Our integrated chemical pulping mills in the U.S. and Brazil are subject to numerous and more complex environmental programs and regulations, but all of our manufacturing facilities have environmental compliance obligations. We have incurred, and expect that we will continue to incur, significant capital, operating and other expenditures to comply with applicable environmental laws and regulations, including, for example, projects to replace and/or upgrade our air pollution control devices, wastewater treatment systems, and other environmental infrastructure. Changes in these laws, as well as litigation relating to these laws, could result in more stringent or additional environmental compliance obligations for the Company that may require additional capital investments or increase our operating costs. 
 We are involved in various administrative and other proceedings relating to environmental matters that arise in the normal course of business, and we may become involved in similar matters in the future. Although the ultimate outcome of these proceedings cannot be predicted with certainty and we cannot at this time estimate any reasonably possible losses based on available information, we do not believe that the currently expected outcome of any environmental proceedings and claims that are pending or threatened against us will have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition or cash flows. 
 We face potential liability under federal, state, local and international laws as a result of releases, or threatened releases, of hazardous substances into the environment from various sites owned and operated by third parties at which Company-generated wastes have allegedly been deposited. Generators of hazardous substances sent to off-site disposal locations at which environmental contamination exists, as well as the owners of those sites and certain other classes of persons, are liable for response costs for the investigation and remediation of such sites under the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980 CERCLA and analogous laws. While joint and several liability is authorized under CERCLA, liability is typically shared with other potentially responsible parties PRPs and costs are commonly allocated according to relative amounts of waste deposited and other factors. 
 In addition, certain of our current or former locations are being investigated or remediated under various environmental laws, including CERCLA. Based on information known to us and assumptions, we do not believe that the costs of these investigation and remediation projects will have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition or cash flows. However, the discovery of contamination or the imposition of additional obligations, including natural resources damages at these or other sites in the future, could impact our results of operations, financial condition or cash flows. 
 8 

We believe that we can assert claims for indemnification pursuant to existing rights we have under certain purchase and other agreements in connection with certain remediation sites. In addition, we believe that we have insurance coverage, subject to applicable deductibles or retentions, policy limits and other conditions, for certain environmental matters. However, there can be no assurance that we will be successful with respect to any claim regarding these insurance or indemnification rights or that, if we are successful, any amounts paid pursuant to the insurance or indemnification rights will be sufficient to cover all our costs and expenses. We also cannot predict with certainty whether we will be required to perform remediation projects at other locations, and it is possible that our remediation requirements and costs could increase materially in the future and exceed current reserves. In addition, we cannot currently assess with certainty the impact that future changes in cleanup standards or federal, state or other environmental laws, regulations or enforcement practices will have on our results of operations, financial condition or cash flows. 
 See Item 1A. Risk Factors We are Subject to a Wide Variety of Laws, Regulations and Other Requirements That are Subject to Change and May Impose Substantial Compliance Costs . 
 We estimate that we will invest approximately 21 million for capital expenditures during fiscal 2022 in connection with matters relating to environmental compliance. It is possible that our capital expenditure assumptions and project completion dates may change, and our projections are subject to change due to items such as the finalization of ongoing engineering projects or changes in environmental laws and regulations. 
 Climate Change 
 Some of our paper mills, our most energy-intensive manufacturing facilities, burn renewable biomass to generate more than 60 percent of their energy needs based on overall fuel mix. Most of these facilities also self-generate the steam and power needed for their manufacturing processes using combined heat and power or cogeneration systems. Our recycling operations help to divert approximately seven to eight million tons of paper and packaging from landfills where it would otherwise degrade and release greenhouse gases in the form of methane. Our fiber procurement activities create economic incentives for landowners and family tree farmers to maintain their holdings as working forests that sequester carbon and provide many other environmental benefits, including protection for fresh water supplies and habitats for diverse species of plants and animals. 
 
 In 2015, we established a goal to reduce our Scope 1 and Scope 2 greenhouse gas emissions per ton of production by 20 from a 2015 baseline by 2025. As of our September 30, 2020 reporting, we achieved a 14 reduction of greenhouse gas GHG per ton of production and an absolute reduction of 22 from our baseline. We have accomplished GHG reductions in our business primarily by displacing coal with natural gas and investing in new biomass boilers at our Covington, VA and Demopolis, AL mills. In June 2021, the Company announced that it will be working with the Science Based Targets initiative SBTi to set a new GHG emissions reduction target that is aligned with current climate science. 
 
 Our Executive Leadership Team is actively involved in setting and executing our sustainability strategy, including climate-related initiatives such as setting a science-based GHG target. Board-level oversight of climate-related and other corporate sustainability matters resides with the Nominating & Governance Committee of the Company s Board of Directors. The corporate sustainability team works with the Company s operational and functional groups to incorporate sustainability and climate objectives into operations. The team also oversees the development of our sustainability report, which includes data on performance against climate-related targets. The corporate sustainability team reports to the President, Innovation, Commercial & Sustainability, who reports to the Chief Executive Officer. 
 
 Addressing issues related to climate change presents opportunities for our business. For example, we produce renewable energy and generate renewable energy credits RECs at our integrated kraft mills. We have sold RECs in the past and may sell them in the future. The RECs we generate are flexible, market-based tools that support the renewable energy market. Our recycling activities also may present the opportunity to generate offsets that could be used to meet climate-related obligations for ourselves or others. 
 
 Climate change also presents potential risks and uncertainties for us. With respect to physical climate risks, our manufacturing operations may be impacted by weather-related events, such as hurricanes and floods, potentially resulting in lost production, supply chain disruptions and increased material costs. Unpredictable weather patterns also may impact virgin fiber supplies and prices, which may fluctuate during prolonged periods of 
 9 

heavy rain or drought. On the other hand, changes in climate also could result in more accommodating weather patterns for greater periods of time in certain areas, which may create favorable fiber market conditions. We incorporate a review of meteorological forecast data into our fiber procurement decisions and strategies. To the extent that climate-related risks materialize, and we are unprepared for them, we may incur unexpected costs, which could have a material effect on our financial results of operations. 
 Responses to climate change may result in regulatory risks as new laws and regulations aimed at reducing GHG emissions come into effect. These rules and regulations could take the form of cap-and-trade, carbon taxes, or GHG reductions mandates for utilities that could increase the cost of purchased electricity. New climate rules and regulations also may result in higher fossil fuel prices or fuel efficiency standards that could increase transportation costs. Certain jurisdictions in which we have manufacturing facilities or other investments have already taken actions to address climate change. In the U.S., the EPA has issued the Clean Air Act permitting regulations applicable to certain facilities that emit GHG. The EPA also has promulgated a rule requiring certain industrial facilities that emit 25,000 metric tons or more of carbon dioxide equivalent per year to file an annual report of their emissions. While we have facilities subject to existing GHG permitting and reporting requirements, the impact of these requirements has not been material to date. 
 In addition to these national efforts, some U.S. states in which we have manufacturing operations, including Washington, New York and Virginia, are taking measures to reduce GHG emissions, such as requiring GHG emissions reporting or developing regional cap-and-trade programs. In addition, several of our international facilities are located in countries that have already adopted GHG emissions trading programs. Other countries in which we conduct business, including China, European Union member states and India, have set GHG reduction targets in accordance with the agreement signed in April 2016 among over 170 countries that established a framework for reducing global GHG emissions (also known as the Paris Agreement ), which became effective in November 2016 and to which the United States formally rejoined in February 2021. 
 Regulation related to climate change continues to develop in the areas of the world where we conduct business. We have systems in place for tracking the GHG emissions from our energy-intensive facilities, and we carefully monitor developments in climate related laws, regulations and policies to assess the potential impact of such developments on our results of operations, financial condition, cash flows and disclosure obligations. Compliance with climate programs may require future expenditures to meet GHG emission reduction obligations in future years. These obligations may include carbon taxes, the requirement to purchase GHG credits, or the need to acquire carbon offsets. Also, we may be required to make capital and other investments to displace traditional fossil fuels, such as fuel oil and coal, with lower carbon alternatives, such as biomass and natural gas. 
 Sustainability 
 
 At WestRock, we say sustainability is in every fiber of our company. Our vision, Imagining and Delivering on the Promise of a Sustainable Future , is represented by three pillars: 

Supporting People and Communities 

Bettering the Planet 

Innovating for Our Customers and Their Customers 

We deliver our fiber-based packaging solutions by way of our core purpose, Connecting People to Products . 
 WestRock is an example of the circular economy in action, from the renewable resources we use to manufacture our paperboard, to the recyclable packaging we make for our customers. Our recycling operations bring the process full circle by collecting recovered fiber that is used by our own paper mills and by others to produce new paper products. We have a long history of recycling and are one of the largest recyclers in the paper industry. We recover approximately seven to eight million tons annually of paper and other recyclable materials that might otherwise go into landfills. 
 All of our North American virgin fiber sourcing regions are certified to the Sustainable Forestry Initiative (SFI Fiber Sourcing standard. Our forestland in Brazil is certified to the Brazilian Forest Certification Programme (CERFLOR ), the Programme for the Endorsement of Forest Certification (PEFC and the Forest Stewardship Council (FSC ). To provide traceability for the virgin fiber used in our operations, we have certified more than 95 percent of our wholly owned, fiber-based manufacturing facilities to three, internationally recognized chain-of-custody standards: SFI , PEFC and FSC . 
 10 

WestRock has been recognized for our sustainability efforts through, among other things, industry award programs and inclusion in the Dow Jones World and North American Sustainability Indices and the FTSE 4 Good index. We are committed to our vision of Imagining and Delivering on the Promise of a More Sustainable Future to create long-term value for our people, communities, customers and the planet. 
 Patents and Other Intellectual Property 
 We hold a substantial number of foreign and domestic trademarks, trademark applications, trade names, patents, patent applications and licenses relating to our business, our products and our production processes. Our patent portfolio consists primarily of utility and design patents relating to our products and manufacturing operations. Our portfolio also includes exclusive rights to substantial proprietary packaging system technology in the U.S. and other licenses obtained from a third-party. Our brand name and logo, and certain of our products and services, are protected by domestic and foreign trademark rights. Our patents, trademarks and other intellectual property rights, particularly those relating to our converting operations, are important to our operations as a whole. Our intellectual property has various expiration dates. 
 Employees 
 At September 30, 2021, we employed approximately 49,900 people, of which approximately 78 were located in the U.S. and Canada and 22 were located in Europe, South America, Mexico and Asia Pacific. Of the approximately 49,900 employees, approximately 71 were hourly and 29 were salaried. Approximately 56 of our hourly employees in the U.S. and Canada are covered by collective bargaining agreements CBAs ), which typically have four to six-year terms. Approximately 26 of those employees covered under CBAs are operating under agreements that expire within one year and approximately 16 of those employees are working under expired contracts. 
 While we have experienced isolated work stoppages in the past, we have been able to resolve them, and we believe that working relationships with our employees are generally good. While the terms of our CBAs vary, we believe the material terms of the agreements are customary for the industry, the type of facility, the classification of the employees and the geographic location covered. 
 In December 2019, the United Steelworkers Union USW ratified a new master agreement that applies to substantially all of our U.S. facilities represented by the USW. The agreement has a four-year term and covers a number of specific items, including wages, medical coverage and certain other benefit programs, substance abuse testing, and safety. Individual facilities will continue to have local agreements for subjects not covered by the master agreement and those agreements will continue to have staggered terms. The master agreement permits us to apply its terms to USW employees who work at facilities we acquire during the term of the agreement, including most former MeadWestvaco Corporation, KapStone and other acquired facilities. The master agreement covers approximately 65 of our U.S. operating locations and approximately 8,900 of our employees. 
 See Item 1A. Risk Factors We May Be Adversely Impacted By Work Stoppages and Other Labor Relations Matters . 
 Human Capital 
 Human Capital Management 
 The attraction, retention and development of exceptional teammates is critical to our success. We accomplish this, in part, by developing the capabilities of our team members through our continuous learning, development and performance management programs. These programs include our safety, six sigma, supply chain, Leadership Excellence, Commercial Excellence and Manager Fundamentals programs. We sponsor early in career rotations and college hire programs that support our functions and local operations. We build partnerships with schools, universities and associations to promote future careers in manufacturing. 
 The capabilities of our workforce have evolved as our business and strategy have evolved. We have established new roles reflecting the talent and capabilities needed by our business, both now and for what we expect in the future. We created the roles of Chief Commercial Officer and Chief Innovation Officer, reflecting our evolving go-to-market strategy and our focus on innovation and organic growth. We invested in roles and 
 11 

capabilities in our workforce to support our business strategy, including hiring a new Chief Marketing Officer, Chief Sustainability Officer and Senior Vice President of Science and Innovation. We have invested in our e-commerce and digital technology capabilities through new roles, talent and programs. These investments reflect our focus on enhancing our capabilities in the areas of sustainability, organic growth, innovation and material science. As our business evolves, we will remain focused on having the right human capital capabilities, systems and processes in place to support our strategy. 
 Nevertheless, the market for both hourly workers and professional workers was particularly challenging in fiscal 2021 and we expect that the market for both hourly workers and professional workers will remain challenging at least through fiscal 2022. See Item 1A. Risk Factors We Operate in a Challenging Market for Talent and May Fail to Attract, Motivate, Train and Retain Qualified Personnel, Including Key Personnel . 
 Culture 
 WestRock s culture is grounded in our values: 

Integrity being honest and ethical, doing the right thing 

Respect treating one another with respect, and earning the respect of teammates, customers, suppliers through our actions 

Accountability being responsible for our work and to our team. Collectively contributing to the success of our company and our customers 

Excellence striving to perform at the highest levels for ourselves, our customers, investors and communities 

At the core of our employee listening systems is our bi-annual engagement survey, which is augmented with employee pulse checks after hire and promotion, and exit interviews/surveys. These pulse checks/surveys enable us to gather feedback directly from our workforce to inform our programs and employee needs globally. Approximately 86 of team members globally participated in our fiscal 2021 WestRock engagement survey, which covers topics such as company strategy and direction, leadership, inclusion, safety, culture, pay and benefits, and learning and development. 
 Safety 
 The health and safety of our teammates is our most important responsibility, and our goal is to create a 100 safe work environment for our team members. Throughout the COVID-19 crisis, we have remained focused on protecting the health and safety of our team members while meeting the needs of our customers. Shortly after the outset of COVID-19, we were an early adopter of enhanced safety measures and practices across our facilities to protect employee health and safety and ensure a reliable supply of essential products to our customers. We monitor and track the impact of the pandemic on our teammates and within our operations, and proactively modify or adopt new practices to promote their health and safety. 
 We implemented a wide variety of measures to protect the health and well-being of our employees, suppliers, and customers during the COVID-19 pandemic. We made substantial modifications to travel policies and implemented office and manufacturing protocols to include quarantine, cleaning and sanitizing, and childcare support. We reconfigured manufacturing processes and lines to create distance and improved ventilation, where needed. We also provided on-site flu and COVID vaccination clinics and extended our existing Employee Assistance Program and other community resources to help with personal and family care. See Item 1. Business Governmental Regulation Health & Safety for more information on safety. 
 Diversity, Inclusion, Equity and Belonging 
 Our Diversity, Inclusion, Equity and Belonging objective is to be a company where each of us genuinely belongs, is respected and valued, and can do our best work, and where diversity, inclusion and equity are competitive advantages. 
 At September 30, 2021, 21 of our global workforce was comprised of females and 33 of our U.S. based workforce was comprised of people of color. Our board of directors includes four females (representing 36 of directors) and one person of color (representing 9 of directors). We have implemented a multi-year Diversity, Inclusion, Equity and Belonging action plan that we expect will increase our workforce diversity, advance inclusion, 
 12 

equity and belonging at all our locations, accelerate the development and career movement of diverse talent and ensure diverse succession plans such that we continue to create future opportunities for all of our teammates. For instance, in October 2020, management recommended, and the board of directors approved, several actions aimed at increasing our diversity and advancing our inclusive environment. One program that has contributed to our overall progress involves the internal and external posting of our open positions and the inclusion of female and racially or ethnically diverse candidates on our recruitment slates. In addition, we adopted an approach where new management-supported director nominees and chief executive officers recruited from outside WestRock are chosen by the board of directors. We set a four-year goal for gender and ethnic representation that aligns with our long-term expectations for creating a truly diverse and inclusive organization one that reflects our customers and communities. 
 We included a diversity, inclusion, equity and belonging modifier in our fiscal 2021 short-term incentive plan for our top 12 executives. The modifier was tied to the achievement of certain performance measures under our Diversity, Inclusion, Equity and Belonging action plan. We expect the diversity, inclusion, equity and belonging modifier to be applied to approximately 100 of our top executives and leaders in fiscal 2022. 
 In collaboration with organizations, such as the Executive Leadership Council, Pathways and Signature, we are providing external development opportunities for our diverse talent. To connect and develop team members within WestRock, we support highly engaged resource groups for early in career, women, racial and ethnic minorities, military, people with different abilities, or who identify as LGBTQI+, where team members can go for support, networking, and community-building. 
 We conduct pay equity analyses annually in the U.S., Great Britain and France to help identify any unsupported distinctions in pay between team members of different races, gender and/or age, as permitted by local law. We adjust base pay, where appropriate. 
 Talent Attraction, Retention and Development 
 During fiscal 2021, we continued investing in people, programs and systems to meet the increased talent demand in a dynamic marketplace. We have expanded our relationships with Historically Black Colleges and Universities, the National Association of Manufacturers and other partners and associations. To retain critical operational talent in hyper labor markets and businesses, we have restructured work schedules, updated work rules, and provided retention bonuses, where needed. 
 To ensure team members get off to a fast start, we provided new employee orientations to over 10,000 new hires in fiscal 2021, covering a range of topics including company values, culture, diversity and inclusion and Standards of Business Conduct. In fiscal 2021, WestRock launched our on-line learning library with over 1,000 courses in five languages, and with over 200 playlists by topic area or experience/skill set. 
 We invest in our senior leadership through a leadership excellence program, and developed new front-line management pilot programs to be launched in fiscal 2022. Commercial team members participate in an assessment and development workshop which focuses on the capabilities needed today and tomorrow, ensuring we are able to anticipate and meet our customers changing requirements. We continue to invest in our technical development curriculum with a focus on building the best technical, engineering, operational talent. 
 Focused on our core company values, all team members complete required learning programs like Standards of Business Conduct, Privacy, and preventing harassment courses. 
 International Operations 
 Our operations outside the U.S. are conducted through subsidiaries located in Canada, Mexico, South America, Europe, Asia and Australia. Sales attributable to non-U.S. operations were 18.5 , 17.7 and 18.2 of our net sales in fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively, some of which were transacted in U.S. dollars. See Note 7. Segment Information of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. See also Item 1A. Risk Factors We are Exposed to Risks Related to International Sales and Operations . 
 13 

Available Information 
 Our Internet address is www.westrock.com . Our Internet address is included herein as an inactive textual reference only. The information contained on our website is not incorporated by reference herein and should not be considered part of this report. We file annual, quarterly and current reports, proxy statements (and any amendments thereto) and other information with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC and we make available free of charge most of our SEC filings through our Internet website as soon as reasonably practicable after filing with the SEC. You may access these SEC filings via the hyperlink that we provide on our website to a third-party SEC filings website. We also make available on our website our board committee charters, as well as the corporate governance guidelines adopted by our board of directors, our Code of Conduct for employees, our Code of Conduct and Ethics for the Board of Directors and our Code of Ethical Conduct for Chief Executive Officer CEO and Senior Financial Officers. Any amendments to, or waiver from, any provision of these codes that are required to be disclosed will be posted on our website. We will also provide copies of these documents, without charge, at the written request of any stockholder of record. Requests for copies should be mailed to: WestRock Company, 1000 Abernathy Road NE, Atlanta, Georgia 30328, Attention: Corporate Secretary. 
 Forward-Looking Information 
 This report contains statements that relate to future, rather than past, events. These statements are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The forward-looking statements made in this report often address our expected future business and financial performance and financial conditions, and often contain words such as may , will , could , would , anticipate , intend , estimate , project , plan , believe , expect , target and potential , or refer to future time periods. Forward-looking statements are based on currently available information and our current expectations, beliefs, plans or forecasts, and include statements made in this report regarding, among other things: 

that the global impact of COVID-19 continues to evolve and the extent of its effect on our operational and financial performance in future periods will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted with confidence, including the duration, scope and severity of the pandemic (including due to new variants such as Delta), the actions taken to contain or mitigate its impact (including the distribution and effectiveness of vaccines), and the direct and indirect economic effects of the pandemic and related containment measures and government responses, among others 

our expectation that the actions we have undertaken and will continue to undertake pursuant to the WestRock Pandemic Action Plan will provide an additional 1 billion in cash through the end of calendar 2021 that we will be able to use to reduce our outstanding indebtedness 

our expectation to pay the deferred employment taxes under the CARES Act as required, 50 by December 2021 and the remaining 50 by December 2022 

that we are continuing to focus on the protection, safety and well-being of our teammates during COVID-19 and continuing to match our supply with our customers demand 

the confidence we have in our business and our ability to generate strong cash flows 

that in the first quarter of fiscal 2022, we expect a sequential decline in net sales and earnings from the fourth quarter of fiscal 2021 reflecting the normal season sequential volume declines in many of our businesses and scheduled mill maintenance outages 

that in the first quarter of fiscal 2022, we expect lower volume with three fewer shipping days during the first quarter of fiscal 2022, although in line with shipping days in the first quarter of fiscal 2021 

that in the first quarter of fiscal 2022, we expect that due to delays in mill maintenance in fiscal 2021 for items such as COVID-19 and the Ransomware Incident, we expect approximately 200,000 tons of maintenance downtime, the peak maintenance outage period for fiscal 2022 

14 

that in the first quarter of fiscal 2022, we expect sequential cost inflation driven primarily by higher natural gas, transportation, and recycled and virgin fiber costs along with increased health insurance costs prior to the annual reset of employee deductibles. However, we expect the flow through of the previously published price increases we are implementing to more than offset inflation 

that in fiscal 2022, we expect solid demand across most of our end markets and continued flow through of the previously published price increases 

that in fiscal 2022, we expect record sales and operating profit despite continued commodity input cost inflation and productivity unavoidably affected by supply chain challenges and higher labor costs that may persist through the fiscal year 

that in fiscal 2022, we expect the implementation of previously published price increases will outpace inflation despite our expectation for higher recycled fiber, energy, virgin fiber, chemical and transportation costs 

that in fiscal 2022, we expect to benefit from the fiscal 2021 completion of strategic investments such as the new paper machine at our Florence, SC mill and our Tres Barras mill upgrade 

that in fiscal 2022, we expect our planned mill maintenance outage schedule will be approximately 100,000 tons higher than in fiscal 2021 

the possibility that the operational impact and cost of compliance with the ETS may be substantial 

that we expect to continue to incur expenses for cleaning, safety supplies and equipment, screening resources and other items related to COVID-19 as needed in the future 

our belief that our payment terms will not be shortened significantly in the near future, and that we do not expect our net cash provided by operating activities to be significantly impacted by additional extensions of payment terms 

that we have sold RECs in the past and may sell them in the future 

the Company will be working with the Science Based Targets initiative to set a new GHG emissions reduction target that is aligned with current climate science 

our belief that we are one of the largest paper recyclers in North America 

our belief that we are the largest manufacturer of solid fiber partitions in North America measured by net sales 

our belief that we would be able to source significant replacement quantities from other suppliers in the event we incur production disruptions for recycled or virgin containerboard and paperboard 

our belief that we have good relationships with our customers 

our belief that our ability to leverage our full portfolio of differentiated solutions and capabilities enables us to set ourselves apart from our competitors 

our belief that we compete effectively on price, design, product innovation, quality, service and sustainability 

our belief that future compliance with occupational health and safety laws and regulations will not have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition or cash flows 

that responses to climate change may result in regulatory risks as new laws and regulations aimed at reducing GHG emissions come into effect, that these rules and regulations could take the form of 

 15 

cap-and-trade, carbon taxes or GHG reductions mandates for utilities that could increase the cost of purchased electricity and that new climate rules and regulations also may result in higher fossil fuel prices or fuel efficiency standards that could increase transportation and other operating costs 

our belief that the currently expected outcome of any environmental proceedings and claims that are pending or threatened against us will not have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition or cash flows 

our belief that the costs associated with investigations and remediation projects under various environmental laws and regulations, including CERCLA, will not have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition or cash flows but that the discovery of contamination or the imposition of additional obligations, including natural resources damages at these or other sites in the future, could impact our results of operations, financial condition or cash flows 

our belief that we can assert claims for indemnification pursuant to existing rights we have under certain purchase and other agreements in connection with certain remediation sites and that we have insurance coverage, subject to applicable deductibles or retentions, policy limits and other conditions, for certain environmental matters 

that compliance with climate programs may require future expenditures to meet GHG emission reduction obligations in future years, that such obligations may include carbon taxes, the requirement to purchase GHG credits, or the need to acquire carbon offsets and that we may be required to make capital and other investments to displace traditional fossil fuels, such as fuel oil and coal, with lower carbon alternatives, such as biomass and natural gas 

that our businesses are likely to continue experiencing cycles relating to industry capacity and general economic conditions 

our belief that working relationships with our employees are generally good 

we expect the diversity, inclusion, equity and belonging modifier to be applied to approximately 100 of top executives and leaders in fiscal 2022 

as our business evolves, we will remain focused on having the right human capital capabilities, systems and processes in place to support our strategy 

that we expect that the market for both hourly workers and professional workers will remain challenging at least through fiscal 2022 

our expectation that among the benefits we expect from potential, as well as completed, acquisitions and joint ventures are synergies, cost savings, growth opportunities or access to new markets (or a combination thereof), and in the case of divestitures, the realization of proceeds from the sale of businesses and assets to purchasers that place higher strategic value on these businesses and assets than we do 

our expectation that we will continue to incur, significant capital, operating and other expenditures to comply with applicable environmental laws and regulations, including, for example, projects to replace and/or upgrade our air pollution control devices, wastewater treatment systems, and other environmental infrastructure 

our expectation that changes in environmental laws, as well as litigation relating to these laws, could result in more stringent or additional environmental compliance obligations for the Company that may require additional capital investments or increase our operating costs 

that we may form additional joint ventures 

 16 

our belief that of the certain multiemployer pension plans MEPP or MEPPs in which we participate or have participated, including Pace Industry Union-Management Pension Fund PIUMPF ), have material unfunded vested benefits 

our belief that we are adequately reserved for the PIUMPF withdrawal liabilities, including liabilities associated with PIUMPF s accumulated funding deficiency demands 

that we may withdraw from other MEPPs in the future 

our belief that our existing production capacity is adequate to serve existing demand for our products and that our plants and equipment are in good condition 

our belief that the resolution of lawsuits and claims will not have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial condition, results of operations or cash flows 

that we expect to continue to evaluate potential acquisitions similar to those completed in the past, although the size of individual acquisitions may vary 

our belief that our strong balance sheet and cash flow provide us the flexibility to continue to invest to sustain and improve our operating performance 

our general expectation that the integration of a closed facility s assets and production with other facilities will enable the receiving facilities to better leverage their fixed costs while eliminating fixed costs from the closed facility 

that it is likely that we will engage in future restructuring activities 

our expectation that funding for our domestic operations in the foreseeable future to come from sources of liquidity within our domestic operations, including cash and cash equivalents, and available borrowings under our credit facilities, and that our foreign cash and cash equivalents are not expected to be a key source of liquidity to our domestic operations 

that with the completion of certain of our strategic projects in fiscal 2021, including the paper machine at our Florence, SC mill and the Tres Barras mill upgrade project, we expect capital expenditures of 1.0 billion in fiscal 2022 that at this level of capital investment, we are confident that we will continue to invest in the appropriate safety, environmental and maintenance projects while also making investments to support productivity and growth in our business but that it is possible that our capital expenditure assumptions may change, project completion dates may change, or we may decide to invest a different amount depending upon opportunities we identify, or changes in market conditions, or to comply with environmental or other regulatory changes 

our estimation that we will invest approximately 21 million for capital expenditures during fiscal 2022 in connection with matters relating to environmental compliance 

that based on current projections, we expect to utilize nearly all of the remaining U.S. federal net operating losses and other U.S. federal credits during the current fiscal year and that foreign and state net operating losses and credits will be used over a longer period of time 

that, barring significant changes in our current assumptions, including changes in tax laws or tax rates, forecasted taxable income, levels of capital expenditures and other items, we expect that our fiscal 2022 cash tax rate will be slightly lower than our income tax rate. Our cash tax rate in fiscal 2023 and 2024 will be driven slightly higher than our income tax rate primarily due to the absence of certain nonrecurring tax credits, the expected release of a tax reserve and the reduction in capital investments including the timing of depreciation on our qualifying capital investments as allowed under the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act 

 17 

that, based on current facts and assumptions, we expect to contribute approximately 25 million to our U.S. and non-U.S. pension plans in fiscal 2022 

that, based on current facts and assumptions, including future interest rates, we estimate that minimum pension contributions to our U.S. and non-U.S. pension plans will be in the range of approximately 23 million to 24 million annually in fiscal 2023 through 2026 

our expectation that we will continue to make contributions in the coming years to our pension plans in order to ensure that our funding levels remain adequate in light of projected liabilities and to meet the requirements of the Pension Protection Act of 2006 Pension Act and other regulations 

our anticipation that we will be able to fund our capital expenditures, interest payments, dividends and stock repurchases, pension payments, working capital needs, note repurchases, restructuring activities, repayments of current portion of long-term debt and other corporate actions for the foreseeable future from cash generated from operations, borrowings under our credit facilities, proceeds from our accounts receivable sales agreements, proceeds from the issuance of debt or equity securities or other additional long-term debt financing, including new or amended facilities 

that we may seek to refinance existing indebtedness, to extend maturities, reduce borrowing costs or otherwise improve the terms and composition of our indebtedness 

that if actual results are not consistent with our assumptions and estimates, we may be exposed to additional impairment losses that could be material 

that the global impact of the COVID-19 pandemic may affect our accounting estimates, which may materially change from period to period due to changing market factors 

our belief that our estimates for restructuring costs and other costs are reasonable, considering our knowledge of the industries we operate in, previous experience in exiting activities and valuations we may obtain from independent third parties 

our belief that our assumptions are appropriate with respect to health insurance costs, workers compensation cost and pension and other postretirement benefit obligations 

our expectation of the impact of implementation of various accounting standards, including that certain of these standards will not have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements 

our belief that our restructuring actions have allowed us to more effectively manage our business 

our belief that by investing in a variety of asset classes and utilizing multiple investment management firms, we can create a portfolio for our pension plans that yields adequate returns with reduced volatility 

that MWV TN (as defined herein) expects to only repay the liability at maturity from the Timber Note (as defined herein) proceeds 

our belief that the liability for environmental matters was adequately reserved at September 30, 2021 

that we expect to continue to incur significant costs as we enhance our data security and take further steps to prevent unauthorized access to, or manipulation of, our systems and data and that despite our efforts, we may not have identified and remediated all of the potential causes of the Ransomware Incident (as hereinafter defined) and similar incidents may occur in the future 

our longer term capital allocation priorities, which include (i) investing in our business, (ii) consistently growing our dividend, (iii) maintaining our investment grade profile, (iv) pursuing tuck in acquisitions that align to our strategy and generate attractive returns, and (v) opportunistic share repurchases 

 18 

our belief that we have substantial insurance coverage, subject to applicable deductibles and policy limits, with respect to asbestos claims 

our belief that we have valid defenses to asbestos-related personal injury claims and intend to continue to defend them vigorously, and that should the volume of asbestos-related personal injury litigation grow substantially, it is possible that we could incur significant costs resolving these cases 

our expectation that the resolution of pending asbestos litigation and proceedings will not have a material adverse effect on results of operations, financial condition or cash flows but that in any given period or periods, it is possible that asbestos-related proceedings or matters could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition or cash flows 

our estimation that our exposure with respect to certain guarantees we have made to be less than 50 million 

that while we are unable to estimate our maximum exposure under operating leases because it is dependent on potential changes in the tax laws, we believe our exposure related to guarantees would not have a material impact on our results of operations, financial condition or cash flows 

our expectation that we will not issue additional stock appreciation rights SAR or SARs 

that we may enter into various hedging transactions 

our belief that in the event of a distribution in the form of dividends or dispositions of our foreign subsidiaries, we may be subject to incremental U.S. income taxes, subject to an adjustment for foreign tax credits, and withholding taxes or income taxes payable to the foreign jurisdictions 

that it is reasonably possible that our unrecognized tax benefits will decrease by up to 31.5 million in the next twelve months due to expiration of various statutes of limitations and settlement of issues 

our belief that our tax positions are appropriate 

the expected impact of market risks, such as interest rate risk, pension plan risk, foreign currency risk, commodity price risk, energy price risk, rates of return, the risk of investments in derivative instruments, and the risk of counterparty nonperformance, and expected factors affecting those risks, including our exposure to foreign currency rate fluctuations 

that the net proceeds from issuances of notes under our commercial paper program are expected to continue to be used for general corporate purposes and 

our belief that the decision by the Supreme Court of Brazil with respect to certain state value added tax reduced our gross receipts tax in Brazil prospectively and retrospectively, and will allow us to recover tax amounts collected by the government. 

 Forward-looking statements are based on currently available information and our current assumptions, expectations and projections about future events. You should not rely on our forward-looking statements. Our forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to future events, risks and uncertainties many of which are beyond our control, dependent on actions of third parties or currently unknown to us as well as potentially inaccurate assumptions that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations and projections. Particular uncertainties that could cause our actual results to be materially different than those expressed in our forward-looking statements include among others: our ability to respond effectively to the impact of COVID-19 our ability to achieve benefits from acquisitions and the timing thereof, including synergies, performance improvements our ability to successfully implement capital projects adverse legal, reputational and financial effects on the Company resulting from cyber incidents and the effectiveness of the Company s business continuity plans during a ransomware incident the level of demand for our products our ability to successfully identify and make performance and productivity improvements anticipated returns on our capital investments the possibility of and uncertainties related to planned and unplanned mill outages or production disruptions investment performance, discount rates, return on pension plan assets and expected 
 19 

compensation levels fluctuations in energy, raw materials, shipping and capital equipment costs fluctuations in selling prices and volumes intense competition the impact of operational restructuring activities potential liability for outstanding guarantees and indemnities and the potential impact of such liabilities the potential loss of key customers changes in law, economic and financial conditions, including interest and exchange rate volatility, commodity and equity prices our ability to maintain our current credit rating and the impact on our funding costs and competitive position if we do not do so the amount and timing of our cash flows and earnings and other conditions, which may affect our ability to pay our quarterly dividend at the planned level or to repurchase shares at planned levels our capital allocation plans, as such plans may change including with respect to the timing and size of share repurchases, acquisitions, joint ventures, dispositions and other strategic actions the impact of announced price increases or decreases and the impact of the gain and loss of customers compliance with governmental laws and regulations, including those related to the environment the scope, and timing and outcome of any litigation, claims, or other proceedings or dispute resolutions and the impact of any such litigation, claims or other proceedings or dispute resolutions on our results of operations, financial condition or cash flows the scope, costs, timing and impact of any restructuring of our operations and corporate and tax structure income tax rates, future deferred tax expense and future cash tax payments future debt repayment the occurrence of severe weather or natural disasters or other unanticipated problems, such as labor difficulties, equipment failure or unscheduled maintenance and repair, which could result in operational disruptions, including those related to COVID-19 and other factors that are discussed in Item 1A. Risk Factors . 
 Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made, and we do not undertake to update these statements other than as required by law. You are advised, however, to review any further disclosures we make on related subjects in our periodic filings with the SEC. 

Item 1A. 
 
 RISK FACTORS 

 We are subject to certain risks and events that, if one or more occur, could adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition, and the trading price of our common stock, par value 0.01 per share Common Stock ). In evaluating us, our business and a potential investment in our securities, you should consider the following risk factors and the other information presented in this report, as well as the other reports and registration statements we file from time to time with the SEC. The risks addressed below are not the only ones we face. Additional risks not currently known to us or that we currently believe to be immaterial could also adversely impact our business. 
 Industry Risks 
 We May Experience Pricing Variability 
 Our businesses have experienced, and are likely to continue experiencing, cycles relating to industry capacity and general economic conditions. The length and magnitude of these cycles have varied over time and by product. Prices for our products are driven by many factors, including general economic conditions, demand for our products and competitive conditions in the industries within which we compete, and we have little influence over the timing and extent of price changes, which may be unpredictable and volatile. If supply exceeds demand, prices for our products could decline, and our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition, and the trading price of our Common Stock could be adversely affected. For example, we believe that the trading price of our Common Stock has been adversely affected in the past due, in part, to concerns about announcements by certain of our competitors of planned additional capacity in the North American containerboard market, as well as the subsequent implementation of certain of those plans. 
 Certain published indices (including those published by Pulp and Paper Week PPW )) contribute to the setting of selling prices for some of our products. PPW is a limited survey that may not accurately reflect changes in market conditions for our products. Changes in how PPW is maintained, or other indices are established or maintained, could adversely impact the selling prices for these products. 
 Our Earnings Are Highly Dependent on Volumes 
 Because our operations generally have high fixed operating cost components, our earnings are highly dependent on volumes, which tend to fluctuate. These fluctuations make it difficult to predict our financial results with any degree of certainty. The COVID-19 pandemic has affected our operational and financial performance to varying degrees and the extent of its effect on our operational and financial performance will continue to depend on 
 20 

future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted with confidence, including the duration, scope and severity of the pandemic (including due to new variants, such as Delta), the actions taken to contain or mitigate its impact (including the distribution and effectiveness of vaccines), and the direct and indirect economic effects of the pandemic and related containment measures and government responses, among others. Any failure to maintain volumes may adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition, and the trading price of our Common Stock. 
 We May Face Increased Costs For, or Inadequate Availability of, Raw Materials, Energy and Transportation 
 We rely heavily on the use of certain raw materials, energy sources and third-party companies to transport our goods. 
 The costs of recycled fiber and virgin fiber, the principal externally sourced raw materials for our paper mills, are subject to pricing variability due to market and industry conditions. Demand for recycled fiber has fluctuated and may increase due to, among other factors, increased consumption of recycled fiber, including through additions of new recycled paper mill capacity, increasing demand for products packaged in packaging produced from paper manufactured from 100 recycled fiber and the shift by manufacturers of virgin paperboard, tissue, newsprint and corrugated packaging to the production of products with some recycled fiber content. In 2021, we experienced periods of increased recycled fiber costs due primarily to market demand and availability. 
 The market price of virgin fiber varies based on availability and source of virgin fiber, and the availability of virgin fiber may be impacted by, among other factors, wet weather conditions. In addition, costs for key chemicals used in our manufacturing operations fluctuate, which impacts our manufacturing costs. Certain published indices contribute to price setting for some of our raw materials and future changes in how these indices are established or maintained could adversely impact the pricing of these raw materials. 
 The cost of natural gas, which we use in many of our manufacturing operations, including many of our mills, and other energy costs (including energy generated by burning natural gas, fuel oil, biomass and coal) has at times fluctuated significantly. In fiscal 2021, the price of the natural gas that we consume in our manufacturing operations increased significantly compared to the prior year period. Energy costs have increased, and in the future could increase, our operating costs and have made, and in the future could make, our products less competitive compared to similar or alternative products offered by competitors. 
 We distribute our products primarily by truck and rail, although we also distribute some of our products by cargo ship. The reduced availability of trucks, rail cars or cargo ships could adversely impact our ability to distribute our products in a timely manner. In fiscal 2021, we experienced significantly higher freight costs compared to freight costs incurred in fiscal 2020 and fiscal 2019. High transportation costs have made, and in the future could make, our products less competitive compared to similar or alternative products offered by competitors. 
 Because our businesses operate in highly competitive industry segments, we may not be able to recoup past or future increases in the cost of raw materials, energy or transportation through price increases for our products. The failure to obtain raw materials, energy or transportation services at reasonable market prices (or the failure to pass on price increases to our customers) or a reduction in the availability of raw materials, energy or transportation services due to increased demand, significant changes in climate or weather conditions, or other factors could adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition, and the trading price of our Common Stock. 
 We Face Intense Competition 
 We compete in industries that are highly competitive. Our competitors include large and small, vertically integrated companies and numerous smaller non-integrated companies. We generally compete with companies operating in North America, although we have operations spanning North America, South America, Europe, Asia and Australia. Factors affecting our ability to compete include the entry of new competitors into the markets we serve, increased competition from overseas producers, our competitors pricing strategies, the introduction by our competitors of new technologies and equipment, our ability to anticipate and respond to changing customer preferences and our ability to maintain the cost-efficiency of our facilities. In addition, changes within these industries, including the consolidation of our competitors and customers, may impact competitive dynamics. If our competitors are more successful than we are with respect to any key competitive factor, our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition, and the trading price of our Common Stock, could be adversely affected. 
 21 

Our products also compete, to some extent, with various other packaging materials, including products made of paper, plastics, wood and various types of metal. Customer shifts away from containerboard and paperboard packaging to packaging made from other materials could adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition, and the trading price of our Common Stock. 
 Operating Risks 
 Our Business Has Been, and Will Continue to Be, Impacted by the Outbreak of the COVID-19 Novel Coronavirus 
 
 The global impact of COVID-19 continues to evolve. COVID-19 has impacted our operations and financial performance to varying degrees and the extent of its effect on our operational and financial performance in future periods will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted with confidence, including the duration, scope and severity of the pandemic (including due to new variants such as Delta), the actions taken to contain or mitigate its impact (including the distribution and effectiveness of vaccines), and the direct and indirect economic effects of the pandemic and related containment measures and government responses, among others. 
 In response to the spread of COVID-19, governmental authorities implemented numerous measures to try to contain the virus, including travel bans and restrictions, quarantines, shelter-in-place and work from home orders, and shutdowns of so-called nonessential businesses. These measures have impacted, and may further impact, our workforce and operations, as well as those of our customers, vendors and suppliers that in turn may impact us. We have manufacturing operations in the U.S., Canada, Brazil, Mexico, Australia, China and in Europe, and each of these countries or regions has been affected by the outbreak of COVID-19 and taken various measures to try to contain it. Among other impacts to our business from the outbreak of COVID-19: 

We have experienced, and may experience in the future, lower overall demand for certain of our products due to economic uncertainty and changing consumer behaviors driven by COVID-19 or reduced demand due to our customers supply chain issues. For example, we experienced softer demand in the commercial print, tobacco, industrial, food service, cosmetics and spirits markets during certain periods of the pandemic. In addition, our net sales, primarily in the last half of fiscal 2020, were negatively impacted by COVID-19. 

We have experienced and may experience in the future higher supply chain costs and tight labor markets, in part, due to the impacts of COVID-19. In addition, our supply chain may be disrupted due to government restrictions or if our suppliers or vendors fail to meet their obligations to us or experience disruptions in their ability to do so, or our customers may experience similar constraints that in turn may impact us. 

Our production capabilities may be disrupted if we are unable to secure sufficient supplies of raw materials, if significant portions of our workforce are unable to work effectively, including because of illness, government actions or other restrictions, or if we have periods of disruptions due to deep cleaning and sanitizing our facilities. In addition, we have incurred additional expense for cleaning, safety supplies and equipment, screening resources and other items and expect these costs to continue to some degree in the future. 

We may experience an increase in commodity and other input costs due to market volatility and product availability. 

We may experience an increase in our working capital needs or an increase in our trade accounts receivable write-offs as a result of increased financial pressures on our suppliers and customers. 

We may experience changes to our internal controls over financial reporting as a result of changes in working environments, as well as the potential for staffing limitations. 

Our business has been, and will continue to be, impacted by COVID-19 and these impacts may adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows and financial conditions, and the trading price of our Common Stock. 
 22 

We May Be Unsuccessful in Making and Integrating Mergers, Acquisitions and Investments, and Completing Divestitures 
 We have completed a number of mergers, acquisitions, investments and divestitures in the past and we may acquire, invest in or sell, or enter into joint ventures with additional companies. We may not be able to identify suitable targets or purchasers or successfully complete suitable transactions in the future, and completed transactions may not be successful. These transactions create risks, including, but not limited to, risks associated with: 

disrupting our ongoing business, including distracting management from our existing businesses 

integrating acquired businesses and personnel into our business, including integrating information technology systems and operations across different cultures and languages, and addressing the economic, political and regulatory risks associated with specific countries 

working with partners or other ownership structures with shared decision-making authority 

obtaining and verifying relevant information regarding a business prior to the consummation of the transaction, including the identification and assessment of liabilities, claims or other circumstances that could result in litigation or regulatory risk exposure 

obtaining required regulatory approvals and/or financing on favorable terms 

retaining key employees, contractual relationships or customers 

the potential impairment of assets and goodwill 

the additional operating losses and expenses of businesses we acquire or in which we invest 

incurring substantial indebtedness to finance an acquisition or investment 

implementing controls, procedures and policies at companies we acquire and 

the dilution of interests of holders of our Common Stock through the issuance of equity securities. 

Mergers, acquisitions and investments may not be successful and may adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition, and the trading price of our Common Stock. Among the benefits we expect from potential, as well as completed, acquisitions and joint ventures are synergies, cost savings, growth opportunities or access to new markets (or a combination thereof), and in the case of divestitures, the realization of proceeds from the sale of businesses and assets to purchasers that place higher strategic value on these businesses and assets than we do. For acquisitions, our success in realizing these benefits and the timing of realizing them depend on the successful integration of the acquired businesses and operations with our business and operations. Even if we integrate these businesses and operations successfully, we may not realize the full benefits we expected within the anticipated timeframe, or at all, and the benefits may be offset by unanticipated costs or delays. 
 We May Incur Business Disruptions 
 The operations at our manufacturing facilities have in the past and may in the future be interrupted or impaired by various operating risks, including, but not limited to, risks associated with: 

catastrophic events, such as fires, floods, earthquakes, explosions, natural disasters, severe weather, including hurricanes, tornados and droughts, and pandemics, including COVID-19, or other similar occurrences 

interruptions in the delivery of raw materials or other manufacturing inputs 

adverse government regulations 

equipment breakdowns or failures 

prolonged power failures 

unscheduled maintenance outages 

information system disruptions or failures due to any number of causes, including cyber-attacks 

violations of our permit requirements or revocation of permits 

23 

releases of pollutants and hazardous substances to air, soil, surface water or ground water 

disruptions in transportation infrastructure, including roads, bridges, railroad tracks and tunnels 

shortages of equipment or spare parts and 

labor disputes and shortages, including those associated with implementation of the OSHA ETS. 

For example, operations at several of our facilities located in the south and southeastern U.S. have been interrupted in recent years by hurricanes and severe winter weather, resulting in, among other things, lost mill production. 
 Business disruptions have impaired, and may in the future impair, our production capabilities and adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition, and the trading price of our Common Stock. 
 We May Fail to Anticipate Trends That Would Enable Us to Offer Products That Respond to Changing Customer Preferences 
 Our success depends, in part, on our ability to offer differentiated solutions, and we must continually develop and introduce new products and services to keep pace with technological and regulatory developments and changing customer preferences. The services and products that we offer customers may not meet their needs as their business models evolve. Also, our customers may decide to decrease their use of our products, use alternative materials for their product packaging or forego the packaging of certain products entirely. Regulatory developments can also significantly alter the market for our products. For example, a move to electronic distribution of disclaimers and other paperless regimes could adversely impact our healthcare inserts and labels businesses. Similarly, certain states and local governments have adopted laws banning single-use paper bags or charging businesses or customers fees to use paper bags. These and similar developments could adversely impact demand for certain of our products. 
 Consumer preferences for products and packaging formats are constantly changing based on, among other factors, cost, convenience, and health, environmental and social concerns and perceptions. For example, changing consumer dietary habits and preferences have slowed the sales growth for certain of the food and beverage products that we package. Also, there is an increasing focus among consumers to ensure that products delivered through e-commerce are packaged efficiently. For instance, in 2019 Amazon began requiring all items sold through Amazon that are larger than a specified size to be designed and certified as ready-to-ship. Our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition, and the trading price of our Common Stock, could be adversely affected if we fail to anticipate trends that would enable us to offer products that respond to changing customer preferences. 
 Our Capital Expenditures May Not Achieve the Desired Outcomes or May Be Achieved at a Higher Cost than Anticipated 
 We regularly make capital expenditures and many of our capital projects are complex, costly and/or implemented over an extended period of time. Our capital expenditures for particular capital projects could be higher than we anticipated, we may experience unanticipated business disruptions and/or we may not achieve the desired benefits from the capital projects, any of which could adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition, and the trading price of our Common Stock. In addition, disputes between us and contractors who are involved with implementing capital projects could lead to time-consuming and costly litigation. 
 We are Exposed to Risks Related to International Sales and Operations 
 We derived 18.5 of our net sales in fiscal 2021 from outside the U.S. through international operations, some of which were transacted in U.S. dollars. In addition, certain of our domestic operations have sales to foreign customers. Our operating results and business prospects could be adversely affected by risks related to the countries outside the U.S. in which we have manufacturing facilities or sell our products. Specifically, Brazil, China, Mexico and India are exposed to varying degrees of economic, political and social instability. In addition, these countries economies and operating environments have been, and likely will continue to be, adversely impacted to varying degrees by COVID-19. We are exposed to risks of operating in those countries, as well as others, including, but not limited to, risks associated with: 

the difficulties with and costs of complying with a wide variety of complex laws, treaties and regulations 

24 

unexpected changes in political or regulatory environments earnings and cash flows that may be subject to tax withholding requirements or the imposition of tariffs, exchange controls or other restrictions 

repatriating cash from foreign countries to the U.S. 

political, economic and social instability 

import and export restrictions and other trade barriers 

responding to disruptions in existing trade agreements or increased trade tensions between countries or political and economic unions 

maintaining overseas subsidiaries and managing international operations 

obtaining regulatory approval for significant transactions 

government limitations on foreign ownership or takeovers, nationalizations of business or mandated price controls 

fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates and 

transfer pricing. 

We are also subject to taxation in the U.S. and numerous non-U.S. jurisdictions, and have several ongoing audit examinations covering multiple years with various tax authorities. We base our tax returns on our interpretation of tax laws and regulations in effect however, governing tax bodies may disagree with certain of our tax positions, which could result in a higher tax liability. 
 Any one or more of these risks could adversely affect our international operations and our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition, and the trading price of our Common Stock. 
 We Cannot Operate Our Joint Ventures Solely For Our Benefit, Which Subjects Us to Risks 
 We have invested in joint ventures and may form additional joint ventures in the future. Our participation in joint ventures is subject to risks, including, but not limited to, risks associated with: 

shared decision-making, which could require us to expend additional resources to resolve impasses or potential disputes 

maintaining good relationships with our partners, which could limit our future growth potential 

conflict of interest issues if our partners have competing interests 

investment or operational goals that conflict with our partners goals, including the timing, terms and strategies for investments or future growth opportunities 

our partners ability to fund their share of required capital contributions or to otherwise fulfill their obligations as partners and 

obtaining consents from our partners for any sale or other disposition of our interest in a joint venture or underlying assets of the joint venture. 

We May Produce Faulty or Contaminated Products Due to Failures in Quality Control Measures and Systems 
 Our failure to produce products that meet safety and quality standards could result in adverse effects on consumer health, litigation exposure, loss of market share and adverse financial impacts, among other potential consequences, and we may incur substantial costs in taking appropriate corrective action (up to and including recalling products from end consumers) and to reimburse customers and/or end consumers for losses that they suffer as a result of these failures. Our actions or omissions with respect to product safety and quality could lead to regulatory investigations, enforcement actions and/or prosecutions, and result in adverse publicity, which may damage our reputation. Any of these results could adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition, and the trading price of our Common Stock. 
 25 

We provide guarantees or representations in certain of our contracts that our products are produced in accordance with customer specifications. If the product contained in packaging manufactured by us is faulty or contaminated, the manufacturer of the product may allege that the packaging we provided caused the fault or contamination, even if the packaging complies with contractual specifications. If our packaging fails to function properly or to preserve the integrity of its contents, we could face liability from our customers and third parties for bodily injury or other damages. These liabilities could adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition, and the trading price of our Common Stock. 
 We Depend on Certain Large Customers 
 We have large customers, the loss of which could adversely affect our sales and, depending on the significance of the loss, our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition, and the trading price of our Common Stock. In particular, because our businesses operate in highly competitive industry segments, we regularly bid for new business or for the renewal of existing business. The loss of business from our larger customers, or the renewal of business on less favorable terms, may adversely impact our financial results. 
 We are Subject to Cyber-Security Risks, Including Related to Customer, Employee, Vendor or Other Company Data 
 We use information technologies to securely manage operations and various business functions. We rely on various technologies, some of which are managed by third parties, to process, transmit and store electronic information. In addition, we facilitate a variety of business processes and activities, including reporting on our business and interacting with customers, vendors and employees. We also collect and store data, including proprietary business information, and may have access to confidential or personal information that is subject to privacy and security laws, regulations and customer-imposed controls. Our systems are subject to recurring attempts by third parties to access information, manipulate data or disrupt our operations. Despite our security design and controls, and those of our third-party providers, we have in the past experienced, and may in the future become subject to, system damage, disruptions or shutdowns due to any number of causes, including cyber-attacks, data breaches, employee error or malfeasance, power outages, telecommunication or utility failures, systems failures, service provider failures, natural disasters or other catastrophic events. For example, in January 2021, we detected a ransomware attack impacting certain of our systems (the Ransomware Incident ). In response, we proactively shut-down a number of our systems, which impacted certain of our operations, including our ability to produce and ship paper and packaging. Due to these actions, our mill system production was approximately 115,000 tons lower than planned for the quarter ended March 31, 2021 and we estimate the pre-tax income impact of the lost sales and operational disruption of this incident, as well as ransomware recovery costs, at approximately 80 million. In response to the Ransomware Incident, we accelerated information technology investments that we had previously planned to make in future periods in order to further strengthen our information security and technology infrastructure. As a result, we have incurred and expect to continue to incur, significant costs as we enhance our data security and take further steps to prevent unauthorized access to, or manipulation of, our systems and data. Despite these efforts, we may not have identified and remediated all of the potential causes of the Ransomware Incident and similar incidents may occur in the future. In particular, the Ransomware Incident may embolden individuals or groups to target our systems. 
 The cyber-security-related vulnerabilities that we face may also remain undetected for an extended period of time. We may face other challenges and risks during our integration of acquired businesses and operations as we upgrade and standardize our information technology systems. We maintain contingency plans and processes to prevent or mitigate the impact of these events however, these events could result in operational disruptions like those we suffered in connection with the Ransomware Incident or the misappropriation of sensitive data, and depending on their nature and scope, could lead to the compromise of confidential information, improper use of our systems and networks, manipulation and destruction of data, defective products, production downtimes, operational disruptions and exposure to liability. Such disruptions or misappropriations and the resulting repercussions, including reputational damage and legal claims or proceedings, may adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition, and the trading price of our Common Stock. 
 We May Be Adversely Impacted By Work Stoppages and Other Labor Relations Matters 
 A significant number of our union employees are governed by CBAs. Expired contracts are in the process of renegotiation and others expire within one year. We may not be able to successfully negotiate new union contracts without work stoppages or labor difficulties or renegotiate them on favorable terms. We have experienced work 
 26 

stoppages in the past and may experience them in the future. If we are unable to successfully renegotiate the terms of any of these agreements, or if we experience any extended interruption of operations at any of our facilities as a result of strikes or other work stoppages, our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition, and the trading price of our Common Stock, could be adversely affected. In addition, our businesses rely on vendors, suppliers and other third parties that have union employees. Strikes or work stoppages affecting these vendors, suppliers and other third parties could adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition, and the trading price of our Common Stock. 
 We Operate in a Challenging Market for Talent and May Fail to Attract, Motivate, Train and Retain Qualified Personnel, Including Key Personnel 
 Our success depends on our ability to attract, motivate, train and retain employees with the skills necessary to understand and adapt to the continuously developing needs of our customers. The increasing demand for qualified personnel makes it more difficult for us to attract and retain employees with requisite skill sets, particularly employees with specialized technical and trade experience. Changing demographics and labor work force trends also may result in a loss of knowledge and skills as workers with more tenure and experience retire. The market for both hourly workers and professional workers was particularly challenging in fiscal 2021. The market for hourly workers was, and remains, very competitive. In certain locations where we operate, the demand for labor has exceeded the supply of labor, resulting in higher costs. Despite our focused efforts to attract and retain employees, including by offering higher levels of compensation in certain instances, we experienced attrition rates within our hourly workforce in fiscal 2021 that exceeded historical levels and we incurred higher operating costs at certain of our facilities in the form of higher levels of overtime pay. The market for professional workers was, and remains, similarly challenging. Many of our professional workers continue to work from home as part of our COVID-19 protocols and, although in most instances we expect to offer flexible working arrangements in the future, we may experience higher levels of attrition within our professional workforce. In addition, in September 2021, President Biden issued an executive order directing the Occupational Safety and Health Administration to create rules requiring U.S. employers with 100 or more employees to require COVID-19 vaccinations or weekly employee testing before coming to work. OSHA issued the ETS on November 5, 2021. On November 12, 2021, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit issued an order staying enforcement and implementation of the ETS. Implementation of these rules could cause us to experience additional challenges in retaining our employees. We expect that the market for both hourly workers and professional workers will remain challenging at least through fiscal 2022. If we fail to attract, motivate, train and retain qualified personnel, or if we experience excessive turnover, we may experience declining sales, manufacturing delays or other operating inefficiencies, increased recruiting, training and relocation costs and other difficulties, and our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition, and the trading price of our Common Stock may be adversely impacted. 
 We rely on key executive and management personnel to manage our business efficiently and effectively. The loss of these employees, particularly during a challenging market for attracting and retaining employees, could adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition, and the trading price of our Common Stock may be adversely impacted. 
 We May Be Subject to Physical, Operational and Financial Risks Associated with Climate Change 
 Our physical assets and infrastructure may be subject to risks from volatile and damaging weather patterns. For example, extreme, weather-related events, such as hurricanes, tornados, extreme storms, wildfires, and floods, could result in physical damage to our facilities and lost production. Unpredictable weather patterns also may result in supply chain disruptions and increased material costs. The ability to harvest the virgin fiber used in our manufacturing operations may be limited, and prices for this raw material may fluctuate, during prolonged periods of heavy rain or during tree disease or insect epidemics that may be caused by variations in climate conditions. Other climate-related business risks that we face include risks related to the transition to a lower-carbon economy, such as increased prices for certain fuels, including natural gas the introduction of a carbon tax increased regulations and more stringent and/or complex environmental and other permitting requirements. To the extent that climate-related risks materialize, and we are unprepared for them, we may incur unexpected costs, which could have a material effect on our financial results of operations. 
 27 

Financial Risks 
 We May Be Adversely Affected by Factors That Are Beyond Our Control, Such as U.S. and Worldwide Economic and Financial Market Conditions, and Social and Political Change 
 Our businesses may be adversely affected by a number of factors that are beyond our control, including, but not limited to: 

general economic and business conditions 

changes in tax laws or tax rates and conditions in the financial services markets, including counterparty risk, insurance carrier risk, rising interest rates, inflation, deflation, fluctuations in the value of local currency versus the U.S. dollar and the impact of a stronger U.S. dollar 

financial uncertainties in our major international markets 

social and political change impacting matters such as tax policy, sustainability, environmental regulations and trade policies and agreements or 

government deficit reduction and other austerity measures in specific countries or regions, or in the various industries in which we operate. 

For example, we may experience lower demand for our products and the products of our customers that utilize our products if economic conditions in the U.S. and globally (including in Europe, Brazil and Mexico) deteriorate and result in higher unemployment rates, lower family income, unfavorable currency exchange rates, lower corporate earnings, lower business investment or lower consumer spending. In addition, changes in trade policy, including renegotiating or potentially terminating, existing bilateral or multilateral agreements, as well as the imposition of tariffs, could impact demand for our products and the costs associated with certain of our capital investments. Macro-economic challenges may also lead to changes in tax laws or tax rates that may have a material impact on our future cash taxes, effective tax rate or deferred tax assets and liabilities. For example, the Biden Administration has proposed significant changes to the U.S. tax laws, including an increase to the federal corporate tax rate, limiting deductions where certain conditions exist, and several proposals that would have the combined effect of increasing the U.S. taxation on profits earned outside the U.S. We are not able to predict with certainty economic and financial market conditions, and social and political change, and our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition, and the trading price of our Common Stock, could be adversely affected by adverse market conditions and social and political change. 
 We Have Had Significant Levels of Indebtedness in the Past and May Incur Significant Levels of Indebtedness in the Future, Which Could Adversely Affect Our Financial Condition and Impair Our Ability to Operate Our Business 
 At September 30, 2021, we had 8.2 billion of debt outstanding compared to 9.4 billion at September 30, 2020. The level of our indebtedness could have important consequences, including: 

a portion of our cash flows from operations will be dedicated to payments on indebtedness and will not be available for other purposes, including operations, capital expenditures and future business opportunities, including acquisitions 

we may be limited in our ability to obtain additional financing for working capital, capital expenditures, future business opportunities, acquisitions, general corporate and other purposes 

our indebtedness that is subject to variable rates of interest exposes us to increased debt service obligations in the event of increased interest rates 

we may be limited in our ability to adjust to changing market conditions, which would place us at a competitive disadvantage compared to competitors that have less debt and 

our vulnerability to a downturn in general economic conditions or in our business may increase, and we may be unable to carry out important capital spending. 

Certain of our variable rate debt uses the London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR as a benchmark for establishing the interest rate. In March 2021, the U.K. Financial Conduct Authority announced that all LIBOR settings will either cease to be provided by any administrator or no longer be representative immediately after December 31, 2021 for sterling, euro, Swiss franc and Japanese yen settings, and the one-week and two-month 
 28 

U.S. dollar settings and immediately after June 30, 2023 for the remaining U.S. dollar settings. In instances where we have not yet incorporated LIBOR-replacement provisions into the credit agreements governing our variable rate debt that uses LIBOR as an interest rate benchmark, we will need to do so before June 30, 2023. The discontinuation and replacement of LIBOR or any other benchmark rates may have an unpredictable impact on contractual mechanics in the credit markets or cause disruption to the broader financial markets. Uncertainty as to the nature of such potential discontinuation and replacement, including that any benchmark replacement may not be the economic equivalent of LIBOR or not achieve market acceptance similar to LIBOR, may negatively impact the cost of our variable rate debt. 
 We are subject to agreements that require us to meet and maintain certain financial ratios and covenants and may restrict us from, among other things, disposing of assets and incurring additional indebtedness. These restrictions may limit our flexibility to respond to changing market conditions and competitive pressures. 
 Credit Rating Downgrades Could Increase Our Borrowing Costs or Otherwise Adversely Affect Us 
 Some of our outstanding indebtedness has received credit ratings from rating agencies. Our credit ratings could change based on, among other things, our results of operations and financial condition. Credit ratings are subject to ongoing evaluation by credit rating agencies and may be lowered, suspended or withdrawn entirely by a rating agency or placed on a watch list for a possible downgrade or assigned a negative outlook . Actual or anticipated changes or downgrades in our credit ratings, including any announcement that our ratings are under review for a downgrade or have been assigned a negative outlook, could increase our borrowing costs, which could in turn adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition, and the trading price of our Common Stock. If a downgrade were to occur or a negative outlook were to be assigned, it could impact our ability to access the capital markets to raise debt and/or increase the associated costs. In addition, while our credit ratings are important to us, we may take actions and otherwise operate our business in a manner that adversely affects our credit ratings. 
 We sell short-term receivables from certain customer trade accounts on a revolving basis. Any downgrade of the credit rating or deterioration of the financial condition of these customers may make it more costly or difficult for us to engage in these activities, which could adversely affect our cash flows and liquidity. 
 We Have a Significant Amount of Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets and a Write-Down Would Adversely Impact Our Operating Results and Shareholders Equity 
 At September 30, 2021, the carrying value of our goodwill and intangible assets was 9.3 billion. We review the carrying value of our goodwill for impairment annually, or more frequently when impairment indicators exist. The impairment test requires us to analyze a number of factors and make estimates that require judgment. In fiscal 2021, our reporting units had fair values that exceeded their carrying values by more than 20 each. Future changes in the cost of capital, expected cash flows, changes in our business strategy and external market conditions, among other factors, could require us to record an impairment charge for goodwill, which could lead to decreased assets and reduced net income. If a significant write down were required, the charge could have a material adverse effect on our operating results and shareholders equity, and could impact the trading price of our Common Stock. In fiscal 2020, we recorded a pre-tax non-cash goodwill impairment of approximately 1.3 billion in our Consumer Packaging reporting unit. 
 We May Incur Additional Restructuring Costs and May Not Realize Expected Benefits from Restructuring 
 We have previously restructured portions of our operations and likely will engage in future restructuring initiatives. Because we are not able to predict with certainty market conditions, including changes in the supply and demand for our products, the loss of large customers, the selling prices for our products or our manufacturing costs, we may not be able to predict with certainty the appropriate time to undertake restructurings. The cash and non-cash costs associated with these activities vary depending on the type of facility impacted, with the non-cash cost of a mill closure generally being more significant than that of a converting facility due to the higher level of investment. Restructuring activities may divert the attention of management, disrupt our operations and fail to achieve the intended cost and operations benefits. 
 29 

We May Utilize Our Cash Flow or Incur Additional Indebtedness to Increase our Investment in Gondi, S.A. de C.V. Grupo Gondi or We May Decrease our Investment in Grupo Gondi 
 In connection with our investment in the joint venture with Grupo Gondi, we entered into an option agreement pursuant to which we and certain other shareholders of Grupo Gondi agreed to future put and call options with respect to the equity interests in the joint venture held by each party. We own 32.3 of the joint venture. Pursuant to the option agreement, our joint venture partners may call our 32.3 equity interest at a predetermined price between October 1, 2021 and April 1, 2022. At any time after April 1, 2022, we may elect to sell, and upon such election our joint venture partners will be obligated to buy, all of our equity interest at a price as determined under the provisions of the agreement. Any arrangement pursuant to which we decrease our ownership in Grupo Gondi would reduce the geographical diversity of our business and may limit our growth opportunities in Mexico. Any arrangement pursuant to which we increase our ownership in Grupo Gondi may require us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow to satisfy our payment or investment obligations, which may reduce the amount of funds available for our operations, capital expenditures and corporate development activities or require us to incur additional indebtedness or issue equity securities. 
 We May Incur Withdrawal Liability and/or Increased Funding Requirements in Connection with MEPPs 
 We participate in several MEPPs. Our contributions to any particular MEPP may increase based on the declining funded status of a MEPP and legal requirements, such as those of the Pension Act, which require substantially underfunded MEPPs to implement a funding improvement plan FIP or a rehabilitation plan RP to improve their funded status. The funded status of a MEPP may be impacted by, among other items, a shrinking contribution base as a result of the insolvency or withdrawal of other companies that currently contribute to these plans, the inability or failure of companies withdrawing from the plan to pay their withdrawal liability, low interest rates, changes in actuarial assumptions and/or lower than expected returns on pension fund assets. 
 We believe that certain of the MEPPs in which we participate or have participated, including PIUMPF, have material unfunded vested benefits. We submitted formal notification to withdraw from MEPPs in the past and have recorded withdrawal liabilities, including an estimate of our portion of PIUMPF s accumulated funding deficiency. We may withdraw from other MEPPs in the future. At September 30, 2021, we had 247.1 million of withdrawal liabilities, including liabilities associated with PIUMPF s accumulated funding deficiency demands. In July 2021, PIUMPF filed suit against us in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of Georgia claiming the right to recover our pro rata share of the pension fund s accumulated funding deficiency. The impact of increased contributions, future funding obligations or future withdrawal liabilities may adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition, and the trading price of our Common Stock. See Note 5. Retirement Plans Multiemployer Plans of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 
 Legal and Regulatory Risks 
 We are Subject to a Wide Variety of Laws, Regulations and Other Requirements That are Subject to Change and May Impose Substantial Compliance Costs 
 We are subject to a wide variety of federal, state, local and foreign laws, regulations and other requirements, including those relating to the environment, product safety, competition, corruption, occupational health and safety, labor and employment, data privacy, tax and health care. These laws, regulations and other requirements may change or be applied or interpreted in ways that will require us to modify our equipment and/or operations, subject us to enforcement risk, expose us to reputational harm or impose on or require us to incur additional costs, including substantial compliance costs, which may adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition, and the trading price of our Common Stock. 
 We have incurred, and expect to continue to incur, significant capital, operating and other expenditures to comply with applicable environmental laws and regulations. Our environmental expenditures include those related to air and water quality, waste disposal and the cleanup of contaminated soil and groundwater, including situations where we have been identified as a PRP. Because environmental laws and regulations are constantly evolving, we will continue to incur costs to maintain compliance and our compliance costs could increase materially. Future compliance with existing and new laws and requirements has the potential to disrupt our business operations and may require significant expenditures, and our existing reserves for specific matters may not be adequate to cover future costs. In particular, our manufacturing operations consume significant amounts of energy, and we may in the future incur additional or increased capital, operating and other expenditures from changes due to new or increased 
 30 

climate-related and other environmental requirements. We could also incur substantial liabilities, including fines or sanctions, enforcement actions, natural resource damages claims, cleanup and closure costs, and third-party claims for property damage and personal injury under environmental and common laws. 
 The Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977 and local anti-bribery laws, including those in Brazil, China, Mexico, India and the United Kingdom (where we maintain operations directly or through a joint venture), prohibit companies and their intermediaries from making improper payments to government officials for the purpose of influencing official decisions. Our internal control policies and procedures, or those of our vendors, may not adequately protect us from reckless or criminal acts committed or alleged to have been committed by our employees, agents or vendors. Any such violations could lead to civil or criminal monetary and non-monetary penalties and/or could damage our reputation. 
 We are subject to a number of labor and employment and occupational health and safety laws and regulations that could significantly increase our operating costs and reduce our operational flexibility. Additionally, changing privacy laws in the United States (where, among others, the California Consumer Privacy Act became effective in 2020 and its successor, the California Privacy Rights Act, which will be effective January 1, 2023), Europe (where the General Data Protection Regulation became effective in 2018), Brazil (where the Lei Geral de Prote o de Dados became effective in 2020), China (where the Personal Information Protection Law became effective on November 1, 2021) and elsewhere have created new individual privacy rights, imposed increased obligations on companies handling personal data and increased potential exposure to fines and penalties. 

Item 1B. 
 
 UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

 There are no unresolved SEC staff comments. 

Item 2. 
 
 PROPERTIES 

 We operate locations in North America, including the majority of U.S. states, South America, Europe, Asia and Australia. We lease our principal offices in Atlanta, GA. We believe that our existing production capacity is adequate to serve existing demand for our products and consider our plants and equipment to be in good condition. 
 Our corporate offices, significant regional offices and operating facilities as of September 30, 2021 are summarized below: 

Number of Facilities 

Segment 

Owned 

Leased 

Total 

Corrugated Packaging 

113 

67 

180 

Consumer Packaging 

79 

42 

121 

Corporate and significant regional offices 

11 

11 

Total 

192 

120 

312 

The tables that follow show our annual production capacity in thousands of tons by mill at September 30, 2021, unless stated otherwise. Our mill system production levels and operating rates may vary from year to year due to changes in market and other factors, including weather-related events. Our simple average mill system operating rates for the last three years averaged 91 . We own all of our mills. At September 30, 2021, we also own approximately 135,000 acres of forestlands in Brazil. 
 31 

Corrugated Packaging Mills - annual production capacity in thousands of tons 

Location of Mill 

Linerboard 

Medium 

White Top 
 Linerboard 

Kraft 
 Paper/Bag 

Saturating Kraft / Folding Carton 

Market 
 Pulp 

Bleached 
 Paperboard 

Total 
 Capacity 

Longview, WA 

460 

265 

375 

1,100 

Fernandina Beach, FL 

950 

950 

West Point, VA 

200 

750 

950 

Stevenson, AL 

885 

885 

Solvay, NY 

548 

272 

820 

Hodge, LA 

800 

800 

Tres Barras, Brazil (1) 

520 

230 

750 

Florence, SC 

710 

710 

Panama City, FL 

353 

292 

645 

Dublin, GA 

137 

137 

341 

615 

North Charleston, SC 

235 

370 

605 

Seminole, FL 

402 

198 

600 

Hopewell, VA 

527 

527 

Tacoma, WA 

105 

275 

60 

70 

510 

Roanoke Rapids, NC 

290 

210 

500 

La Tuque, QC 

345 

131 

476 

Cowpens, SC 

45 

185 

230 

St. Paul, MN 

200 

200 

Morai, India 

155 

25 

180 

Total Capacity (2) 

6,237 

2,597 

1,370 

986 

370 

362 

131 

12,053 

(1) 
 
 Reflects the fiscal 2021 completion of the expansion project and annual capacity once the strategic project is fully ramped up. 

(2) 
 
 Our fiber sourcing for our Corrugated Packaging mills is approximately 63 virgin and 37 recycled. 

Consumer Packaging Mills - annual production capacity in thousands of tons 

Location of Mill 

Bleached 
 Paperboard 

Coated 
 Natural Kraft 

Coated 
 Recycled 
 Paperboard 

Specialty 
 Recycled 
 Paperboard 

Linerboard 

Market 
 Pulp 

Total 
 Capacity 

Mahrt, AL 

1,035 

1,035 

Covington, VA 

950 

950 

Evadale, TX (1) 

385 

95 

180 

660 

Demopolis, AL 

360 

110 

470 

St. Paul, MN 

170 

170 

Battle Creek, MI 

160 

160 

Chattanooga, TN 

140 

140 

Dallas, TX 

127 

127 

Lynchburg, VA 

118 

118 

Sheldon Springs, VT 
 (Missisquoi Mill) 

111 

111 

Stroudsburg, PA 

80 

80 

Eaton, IN 

64 

64 

Aurora, IL 

32 

32 

Total Capacity (2) 

1,695 

1,130 

648 

354 

180 

110 

4,117 

(1) 
 
 Reflects the expected annual capacity and product mix after deferring the October 2020 announced machine shutdown. 

(2) 
 
 Our fiber sourcing for our Consumer Packaging mills is approximately 75 virgin and 25 recycled. 

32 

The production at our Lynchburg, VA mill is gypsum paperboard liner and the paper machine at this mill is owned by our Seven Hills joint venture. Our overall fiber sourcing for all of our mills is approximately 65 virgin and 35 recycled. 

Item 3. 
 
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

 We are a defendant in a number of lawsuits and claims arising out of the conduct of our business. While the ultimate results of such suits or other proceedings against us cannot be predicted with certainty, we believe the resolution of these matters will not have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 
 See Note 17. Commitments and Contingencies of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 

Item 4. 
 
 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

 Not applicable. 
 33 

PART II: FINANC IAL INFORMATION 

Item 5. 
 
 MARKET FOR THE REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Common Stock 
 
 Our Common Stock trades on the New York Stock Exchange NYSE under the symbol WRK . As of November 5, 2021, there were approximately 6,145 stockholders of record of our Common Stock. The number of stockholders of record includes one single stockholder, Cede & Co., for all of the shares of our Common Stock held by our stockholders in individual brokerage accounts maintained at banks, brokers and institutions. 
 
 Dividends 
 Our short-term goal has been to reduce debt and leverage and return capital to stockholders through a competitive annual dividend. Our longer-term capital allocation priorities include (i) investing in our business, (ii) consistently growing our dividend, (iii) maintaining our investment grade profile, (iv) pursuing tuck-in acquisitions that align to our strategy and generate attractive returns, and (v) opportunistic share repurchases. 
 In October 2021, our board of directors declared a quarterly dividend of 0.25 per share, representing a 1.00 per share annualized dividend or an increase of 25 since our February 2021 dividend. The recent decisions to increase our dividend reflect the confidence we have in our business and our ability to generate strong cash flows, as well as the progress we have made in reducing debt since we began implementing the WestRock Pandemic Action Plan in May 2020. In fiscal 2021, we paid an annual dividend of 0.88 per share compared to 1.33 per share in fiscal 2020 and 1.82 per share in fiscal 2019. See Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Liquidity and Capital Resources Cash Flow Activity , for additional information. 
 
 Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 
 
 See Part III, Item 12 of this Form 10-K and Note 19. Stockholders Equity of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 
 
 Stock Repurchase Plan 
 
 The following table presents information with respect to purchases of our Common Stock that we made during the three months ended September 30, 2021: 

Period 

Total Number of Shares Purchased 

Average Price Paid Per Share 

Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs 

Maximum Number of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs 

July 1, 2021 July 31, 2021 

19,128,697 

August 1, 2021 August 31, 2021 

1,977,928 

50.65 

1,977,928 

17,150,769 

September 1, 2021 September 30, 2021 

509,061 

48.89 

509,061 

16,641,708 

Total 

2,486,989 

2,486,989 

(1) 
 
 In July 2015, our board of directors authorized a repurchase program of up to 40.0 million shares of our Common Stock, representing approximately 15 of our outstanding Common Stock as of July 1, 2015. The shares of our Common Stock may be repurchased over an indefinite period of time at the discretion of management. See Note 19. Stockholders Equity of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information . 

Item 6. 
 
 [RESERVED] 

 34 

Item 7. 
 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

 OVERVIEW 
 We are a multinational provider of sustainable fiber-based paper and packaging solutions. We partner with our customers to provide differentiated, sustainable paper and packaging solutions that help them win in the marketplace. Our team members support customers around the world from our operating and business locations in North America, South America, Europe, Asia and Australia. 
 Organization 
 On November 2, 2018, we completed the KapStone Acquisition. As a result, among other things, the Company became the ultimate parent of WRKCo, KapStone and their respective subsidiaries, and the Company changed its name to WestRock Company and WRKCo changed its name to WRKCo Inc. . See Note 3. Acquisitions and Investments of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 
 Presentation 
 We report our financial results of operations in the following two reportable segments: Corrugated Packaging, which consists of our containerboard mills, corrugated packaging and distribution operations, as well as our merchandising displays and recycling procurement operations and Consumer Packaging, which consists of our consumer mills, food and beverage and partition operations. Prior to the completion of our monetization program in fiscal 2020, we had a third reportable segment, Land and Development, which previously sold real estate, primarily in the Charleston, SC region. Following completion of the monetization of these assets, we ceased reporting the results of the Land and Development segment as a separate segment. We have not included a discussion of the Land and Development segment below as its net sales and segment income are not significant. See Note 7. Segment Information of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for certain disclosures with respect to our former Land and Development segment. 
 In the first quarter of fiscal 2022, we expect to realign our segments and will disclose three reportable segments: Packaging, which will consist of our converting operations and associated integrated profit from our mill system Paper, which will consist of third-party paper sales and associated profit from our mill system and Distribution, which will consist of our distribution business combined with our merchandising display assembly operations. 
 A detailed discussion of the fiscal 2021 year-over-year changes can be found below and a detailed discussion of fiscal 2020 year-over-year changes can be found in Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2020. 
 Acquisitions 
 From time to time, we have completed acquisitions that have expanded our product and geographic scope, allowed us to increase our integration levels and impacted our comparative financials. We expect to continue to evaluate similar potential acquisitions in the future, although the size of individual acquisitions may vary. Below we summarize certain of these acquisitions. 
 On November 2, 2018, we completed the KapStone Acquisition. KapStone was a leading North American producer and distributor of containerboard, corrugated products and specialty papers, including liner and medium containerboard, kraft papers and saturating kraft. KapStone also owned Victory Packaging, a packaging solutions distribution company with facilities in the U.S., Canada and Mexico. We have included the financial results of KapStone in our Corrugated Packaging segment since the date of the acquisition. 
 See Note 3. Acquisitions and Investments of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. See also Item 1A. Risk Factors We May Be Unsuccessful in Making and Integrating Mergers, Acquisitions and Investments, and Completing Divestitures . 
 
 35 

EXECUTIVE SUMMARY 
 
 In fiscal 2021, we continued to pursue our strategy of offering differentiated, sustainable paper and packaging solutions that help our customers win. As a result of our broad portfolio, 188 customers bought at least 1 million from each of our Corrugated Packaging and Consumer Packaging segments in fiscal 2021. Net sales of 18,746.1 million for fiscal 2021 increased 1,167.3 million, or 6.6 , compared to fiscal 2020 primarily due to higher selling price/mix and higher volumes. In the second quarter of fiscal 2021, we experienced lost sales associated with the Ransomware Incident and winter weather events (the Events and we estimate these Events decreased net sales by approximately 189.1 million. Additionally, we experienced aggregate favorable impact of foreign currency across our segments. Volumes in fiscal 2020 were negatively impacted by COVID-19, primarily in the last half of the fiscal year. 
 
 Segment income increased 211.3 million in fiscal 2021 compared to fiscal 2020, primarily due to higher Consumer Packaging and Corrugated Packaging segment income. A detailed review of our performance appears below under Results of Operations . 
 
 We generated 2,279.9 million of net cash provided by operating activities in fiscal 2021, compared to 2,070.7 million in fiscal 2020. The increase was primarily due to a 141.0 million net decrease in the use of working capital compared to the prior year period, including the payment of certain fiscal 2020 bonuses and the Company s 401(k) match and annual company contribution (i.e. up to 5 and 2.5 , respectively) in the form of stock, rather than cash, and deferral of certain payroll taxes in connection with the WestRock Pandemic Action Plan. See COVID-19 RESPONSE WestRock Pandemic Action Plan for more information. We invested 815.5 million in capital expenditures in fiscal 2021 while returning 233.8 million in dividends to our stockholders and repurchasing 122.4 million of Common Stock. We believe our strong balance sheet and cash flow provide us the flexibility to continue to invest to sustain and improve our operating performance. See Liquidity and Capital Resources for more information. 
 Earnings per diluted share was 3.13 in fiscal 2021 compared to loss per diluted share of 2.67 in fiscal 2020. Adjusted Earnings Per Diluted Share were 3.39 and 2.75 in fiscal 2021 and 2020, respectively. The loss per diluted share in fiscal 2020 was driven by a pre-tax non-cash goodwill impairment of 1,333.2 million in our Consumer Packaging reporting unit. 
 A detailed review of our fiscal 2021 and 2020 performance appears below under Results of Operations . 
 Ransomware Incident 
 As previously disclosed, on January 23, 2021, we detected a ransomware incident impacting certain of our systems. Promptly upon our detection of this incident, we initiated response and containment protocols and our security teams, supplemented by leading cyber defense firms, worked to remediate this incident. These actions included taking preventative measures, including shutting down certain systems out of an abundance of caution, as well as taking steps to supplement existing security monitoring, scanning and protective measures. We notified law enforcement and contacted our customers to apprise them of the situation. 
 We undertook extensive efforts to identify, contain and recover from this incident quickly and securely. Our teams worked to maintain our business operations and minimize the impact on our customers and teammates. In our second quarter Form 10-Q, we announced that all systems were back in service. All of our mills and converting locations began producing and shipping paper and packaging at pre-ransomware levels in March 2021 or earlier. Our mill system production was approximately 115,000 tons lower than planned for the quarter ended March 31, 2021 as a result of this incident. While shipments from some of our facilities initially lagged behind production levels, this gap closed as systems were restored during the second quarter of fiscal 2021. In locations where technology issues were identified, we used alternative methods, in many cases manual methods, to process and ship orders. We systematically brought our information systems back online in a controlled, phased approach. 
 We estimate the pre-tax income impact of the lost sales and operational disruption of this incident on our operations in the second quarter of fiscal 2021 was approximately 50 million, as well as approximately 20 million of ransomware recovery costs, primarily professional fees. In addition, we incurred approximately 9 million of ransomware recovery costs in the third quarter of fiscal 2021. In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2021, we recorded a 15 million credit for preliminary recoveries approximately 10 million as a reduction of selling, general, and administrative expenses SG&A excluding intangible amortization and approximately 5 million as a reduction of 
 36 

cost of goods sold. We expect to recover substantially all of the remaining ransomware losses from cyber and business interruption insurance in future periods. Disputes over the extent of insurance coverage for claims are not uncommon, and there will be a time lag between the incurrence of costs and the receipt of any insurance proceeds. 
 In response to the ransomware event, we accelerated information technology investments that we had previously planned to make in future periods in order to further strengthen our information security and technology infrastructure. We engaged a leading cybersecurity defense firm that completed a forensics investigation of the ransomware incident and we are taking appropriate actions in response to the findings. For example, in the short-term, we reset all credentials Company-wide and strengthened security tooling across our servers and workstations. Longer term, in collaboration with our strategic partners, we established a roadmap to advance the maturity and effectiveness of our information security and resiliency capabilities. This roadmap includes initiatives to further strengthen our information security posture across the Company, and to enable us to potentially detect, respond to and recover from security and technical incidents in a faster and more effective manner. More specifically, we are progressing projects to bolster our security monitoring capabilities, strengthen our access controls, reduce risks associated with third-parties, and to enhance the information security of our mills and plants. 
 See Item 1A. Risk Factors We are Subject to Cyber-Security Risks, Including Related to Customer, Employee, Vendor or Other Company Data . 
 
 Expectations for the First Quarter of Fiscal 2022 and Fiscal 2022 
 
 In the first quarter of fiscal 2022, we expect a sequential decline in net sales and earnings from the fourth quarter of fiscal 2021 reflecting the normal season sequential volume declines in many of our businesses and scheduled mill maintenance outages. We expect lower volume with three fewer shipping days during the first quarter of fiscal 2022, although in line with shipping days in the first quarter of fiscal 2021. Due to delays in mill maintenance in fiscal 2021 for items such as COVID-19 and the Ransomware Incident, we expect approximately 200,000 tons of maintenance downtime, the peak maintenance outage period for fiscal 2022. We expect sequential cost inflation driven primarily by higher natural gas, transportation, and recycled and virgin fiber costs along with increased health insurance costs prior to the annual reset of employee deductibles. However, we expect the flow through of the previously published price increases we are implementing to more than offset inflation. 
 
 In fiscal 2022, we expect solid demand across most of our end markets and continued flow through of the previously published price increases. We expect record sales and operating profit despite continued commodity input cost inflation and productivity unavoidably affected by supply chain challenges and higher labor costs that may persist through the fiscal year. We expect the implementation of previously published price increases will outpace inflation despite our expectation for higher recycled fiber, energy, virgin fiber, chemical and transportation costs. In addition, we expect to benefit from the fiscal 2021 completion of strategic investments such as the new paper machine at our Florence, SC mill and our Tres Barras mill upgrade. We expect our planned mill maintenance outage schedule will be approximately 100,000 tons higher than in fiscal 2021. 
 
 With the completion of certain of our strategic projects in fiscal 2021, including the paper machine at our Florence, SC mill and the Tres Barras mill upgrade project, we expect capital expenditures of approximately 1.0 billion in fiscal 2022. 
 
 COVID-19 RESPONSE 
 
 WestRock Pandemic Action Plan 
 
 Given the uncertainties associated with the severity and duration of the pandemic, in May 2020 we announced, and began implementing, the WestRock Pandemic Action Plan. We are continuing to focus on the protection, safety and well-being of our teammates and continuing to match our supply with our customers demand. We have modified the WestRock Pandemic Action Plan as the impact of COVID-19 has evolved. For example, we changed our capital expenditure assumptions, increased our May 2021 dividend, and in October 2021, announced an 
 37 

incremental increase to our November 2021 dividend, in each case as described below. We expect that the actions that we have undertaken and will continue to undertake pursuant to the plan will provide an additional approximately 1 billion in cash through the end of calendar 2021 that we will be able to use to reduce our outstanding indebtedness. In fiscal 2020, we achieved more than 350 million of the approximately 1 billion goal set forth in the WestRock Pandemic Action Plan, as modified. As of September 30, 2021, we had achieved more than 975 million of the approximately 1 billion goal. The ultimate level achieved has been impacted by modifications such as increased capital investments and increased dividends as we modified the WestRock Pandemic Action Plan. 
 
 Pursuant to the WestRock Pandemic Action Plan, we took a series of actions that were designed to protect the safety and well-being of our teammates and preserve cash that could be used to pay down our outstanding debt, all while continuing to match our supply with our customers demand. For example, we committed to (i) reducing discretionary expenses, (ii) using Common Stock to make Company funded 401(k) match and annual contribution (i.e. up to 5 and 2.5 , respectively) from July 1, 2020 through September 30, 2021 (final period funded in October 2021), (iii) targeting a reduction of fiscal 2021 capital investments to a range of 800 million to 900 million, up from an initial range of 600 to 800 million (we invested 815.5 million in fiscal 2021), and (iv) resetting our quarterly dividend to 0.20 per share for an annual rate of 0.80 per share, which we did in May 2020. We paid quarterly dividends of 0.24 per share in May 2021 and August 2021 and in October 2021, our board of directors declared a quarterly dividend of 0.25 per share, representing a 1.00 per share annualized dividend or an increase of 25 since our February 2021 dividend. The recent decisions to increase our dividend reflects the confidence we have in our business and our ability to generate strong cash flows, as well as the progress we have made in reducing debt since we began implementing the WestRock Pandemic Action Plan. 
 
 In addition to the items addressed above, we (i) decreased the salaries of our senior executive team by up to 25 from May 1, 2020 through December 31, 2020 and decreased the retainer for members of our board of directors by 25 for the third and fourth calendar quarters of 2020, (ii) used Common Stock to pay our annual incentive for fiscal 2020 for nearly all participants and set the payout level at 50 of the target opportunity subject to a safety modifier, as well as for Company funded 401(k) match and our annual contribution as noted above, and (iii) postponed 116.5 million of employment taxes incurred through the end of calendar year 2020, pursuant to relief offered under the Coronavirus Aid, Relief and Economic Security CARES Act. We also reduced fiscal 2020 capital investments to 978.1 million after targeting to reduce them by approximately 150 million to approximately 950 million. We expect to pay the employment taxes deferred under the CARES Act as required, 50 by December 2021 and the remaining 50 by December 2022. 
 
 During fiscal 2021, we recorded 38.4 million of expense related to COVID-19, including 22.0 million of relief payments to employees in the first quarter of fiscal 2021. The balance was for increased costs for safety, cleaning and other items related to COVID-19. During fiscal 2020, we provided one-time COVID-19 recognition awards to our teammates who work in manufacturing and operations and recognized expense of 31.6 million for those awards. During fiscal 2020, we also incurred an additional expense of 32.4 million for cleaning, safety supplies and equipment, screening resources and other items. We began tracking the impact of costs related to COVID-19 in the third quarter of fiscal 2020. We expect to continue to incur expenses for these items as needed in the future. 

38 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 The following table summarizes our consolidated results for the two years ended September 30, 2021: 

Year Ended September 30, 

(In millions) 

2021 

2020 

Net sales 

18,746.1 

17,578.8 

Cost of goods sold 

15,315.8 

14,381.6 

Gross profit 

3,430.3 

3,197.2 

Selling, general and administrative, excluding intangible 
 amortization 

1,759.3 

1,624.4 

Selling, general and administrative intangible amortization 

357.1 

400.5 

Loss (gain) on disposal of assets 

4.1 

(16.3 

Multiemployer pension withdrawal income 

(2.9 

(1.1 

Restructuring and other costs 

31.5 

112.7 

Goodwill impairment 

1,333.2 

Operating profit (loss) 

1,281.2 

(256.2 

Interest expense, net 

(372.3 

(393.5 

Loss on extinguishment of debt 

(9.7 

(1.5 

Pension and other postretirement non-service income 

134.9 

103.3 

Other income, net 

10.9 

9.5 

Equity in income of unconsolidated entities 

40.9 

15.8 

Income (loss) before income taxes 

1,085.9 

(522.6 

Income tax expense 

(243.4 

(163.5 

Consolidated net income (loss) 

842.5 

(686.1 

Less: Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests 

(4.2 

(4.8 

Net income (loss) attributable to common stockholders 

838.3 

(690.9 

Net Sales (Unaffiliated Customers) 
 Net sales in fiscal 2021 increased 1,167.3 million, or 6.6 , compared to fiscal 2020 primarily due to higher selling price/mix and higher volumes. In the second quarter of fiscal 2021, we experienced lost sales associated with the Events that we estimate decreased net sales by approximately 189.1 million. Additionally, we experienced aggregate favorable impact of foreign currency across our segments. Volumes in fiscal 2020 were negatively impacted by COVID-19, primarily in the last half of the fiscal year . The change in net sales by segment is outlined below in Results of Operations Corrugated Packaging Segment and Results of Operations Consumer Packaging Segment . 
 Cost of Goods Sold 
 Cost of goods sold increased to 15,315.8 million in fiscal 2021 compared to 14,381.6 million in fiscal 2020. Cost of goods sold as a percentage of net sales was 81.7 in fiscal 2021 compared to 81.8 in fiscal 2020. The increase in cost of goods sold in fiscal 2021 compared to fiscal 2020 was primarily due to higher volumes, increased cost inflation and other items, including operational disruption associated with the Events. These items were partially offset by productivity improvements and other items. In fiscal 2020, we incurred approximately 4.5 million of direct costs and property damage associated with Hurricane Michael, and received Hurricane Michael-related insurance proceeds of 32.3 million and recorded a reduction of cost of goods sold of 32.1 million in connection with an indirect tax claim in Brazil, primarily in the Corrugated Packaging segment. The Hurricane Michael-related insurance proceeds were for 20.6 million of direct costs and property damage and for 11.7 million for business interruption recoveries. In fiscal 2021, we recorded costs of goods sold of 35.4 million related to COVID-19 primarily for relief payments to employees and increased costs for safety, cleaning and other items related to COVID-19. We began to track and report the impact of COVID-19 on fiscal 2020 in the third fiscal quarter. Fiscal 2020 includes costs of goods sold of 56.5 million associated with COVID-19, including one-time recognition awards to our teammates who work in manufacturing and operations recorded in the third quarter of fiscal 2020, increased costs for safety, cleaning and other items related to COVID-19. We expect to continue to 
 39 

incur additional costs related to safety, cleaning and other items related to COVID-19 as needed in the foreseeable future. We discuss these items in greater detail below in Results of Operations Corrugated Packaging Segment and Results of Operations Consumer Packaging Segment . 
 Selling, General and Administrative, Excluding Intangible Amortization 
 SG&A excluding intangible amortization increased 134.9 million to 1,759.3 million in fiscal 2021 compared to fiscal 2020 primarily due to a 119.8 million increase in bonus and stock-based compensation expense as a result of expected fiscal 2021 payments being higher than fiscal 2020 payments, including a 9.6 million acceleration of stock-based compensation in connection with the departure of our former Chief Executive Officer in the second quarter of fiscal 2021. In addition, we incurred increased aggregate costs for consulting, professional and legal fees of 21.2 million compared to the prior year period, primarily associated with the Ransomware Incident. These increases were partially offset by a 29.4 million decrease in bad debt expense compared to the prior year period, as well as a 18.4 million reduction in travel and entertainment associated with prolonged shelter-in-place orders in response to the ongoing effects of COVID-19. SG&A excluding intangible amortization as a percentage of net sales increased in fiscal 2021 to 9.4 from 9.2 in fiscal 2020. 
 Selling, General and Administrative Intangible Amortization 
 SG&A intangible amortization was 357.1 million and 400.5 million in fiscal 2021 and 2020, respectively. The decline was primarily attributable to certain intangibles from prior acquisitions reaching full amortization. 
 Restructuring and Other Costs 
 We recorded aggregate pre-tax restructuring and other costs of 31.5 million and 112.7 million for fiscal 2021 and 2020, respectively. These amounts are not comparable since the timing and scope of the individual actions associated with each restructuring, acquisition, integration or divestiture vary. We generally expect the integration of a closed facility s assets and production with other facilities to enable the receiving facilities to better leverage their fixed costs while eliminating fixed costs from the closed facility. See Note 4. Restructuring and Other Costs of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information, including a description of the type of costs incurred. We have restructured portions of our operations from time to time and it is likely that we will engage in additional restructuring opportunities in the future. See also Item 1A. Risk Factors We May Incur Additional Restructuring Costs and May Not Realize Expected Benefits from Restructuring . 
 Goodwill Impairment 
 In fiscal 2020, we recorded a pre-tax non-cash goodwill impairment of 1,333.2 million in our Consumer Packaging reporting unit. The impairment was driven by the expected lower volumes and cash flows related to certain external SBS end markets, including commercial print, tobacco and plate and cup stock markets . In fiscal 2021, no impairments were recorded as all reporting units that have goodwill have a fair value that exceeded their carrying values by more than 20 each. 
 Interest Expense, net 
 Interest expense, net was 372.3 million and 393.5 million for fiscal 2021 and 2020, respectively. The decrease was primarily due to lower debt levels in the current fiscal year that was partially offset by higher interest rates in the current fiscal year. Additionally, fiscal 2020 was impacted by 20.5 million of interest income recorded in connection with an indirect tax claim in Brazil partially offset by a 15.0 million increase in interest expense associated with the remeasurement of our multiemployer pension liabilities . See Note 17. Commitments and Contingencies Indirect Tax Claim of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. See Item 1A. Risk Factors We Have Had Significant Levels of Indebtedness in the Past and May Incur Significant Levels of Indebtedness in the Future, Which Could Adversely Affect Our Financial Condition and Impair Our Ability to Operate Our Business . 
 Pension and Other Postretirement Non-Service Income 
 Pension and other postretirement non-service income was 134.9 million and 103.3 million in fiscal 2021 and 2020, respectively. The increase was primarily due to the increase in plan asset balances used to determine the 
 40 

expected return on plan assets for fiscal 2021. Customary pension and other postretirement (income) costs are included in segment income. See Note 5. Retirement Plans of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for more information. 
 Other Income, net 
 Other income, net was 10.9 million and 9.5 million in fiscal 2021 and 2020, respectively. Fiscal 2021 primarily included a 16.5 million gain on sale of the Summerville, SC sawmill and a 16.0 million gain on sale of a legacy cost method investment, which were partially offset by a 22.5 million charge associated with not exercising an option to purchase an additional equity interest in Grupo Gondi. 
 Equity in Income of Unconsolidated Entities 
 We recorded equity in income of unconsolidated entities of 40.9 million in fiscal 2021 compared to 15.8 million in fiscal 2020. The increase was driven by earnings improvement across the portfolio, most notably, our joint venture with Grupo Gondi. 
 Provision for Income Taxes 
 
 We recorded income tax expense of 243.4 million for fiscal 2021 at an effective tax rate of 22.4 , compared to an income tax expense of 163.5 million at an effective tax rate of (31.3) in fiscal 2020, due to the loss before income tax in fiscal 2020. See Note 6. Income Taxes of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information, including a table reconciling the statutory federal tax rate to our effective tax rate. Excluding the effect of the goodwill impairment, which was largely not tax deductible, our effective tax rate was 22.5 in fiscal 2020. 
 Hurricane Michael 
 
 In October 2018, our containerboard and pulp mill located in Panama City, FL sustained extensive damage from Hurricane Michael. We shut down the mill s operations in advance of the hurricane s landfall. Repair work was completed on the two paper machines and related infrastructure during June 2019. In the first quarter of fiscal 2020, we settled our property damage and business interruption insurance claim for 212.3 million (net of our 15 million deductible) and received the remaining 32.3 million of insurance proceeds (we received 180.0 million in fiscal 2019 that consisted of 55.3 million of business interruption recoveries and 124.7 million for direct costs and property damage). The insurance proceeds received in fiscal 2020 consisted of 11.7 million of business interruption recoveries and 20.6 million for direct costs and property damage. 
 Corrugated Packaging Segment 
 Corrugated Packaging Shipments 
 Corrugated Packaging shipments are expressed as a tons equivalent, which includes external and intersegment tons shipped from our Corrugated Packaging mills plus Corrugated Packaging container shipments converted from billion square feet BSF to tons. We have presented the Corrugated Packaging shipments in two groups: North American and Brazil / India because we believe investors, potential investors, securities analysts and others find this breakout useful when evaluating our operating performance. The table below reflects shipments in thousands of tons, BSF and millions of square feet MMSF per shipping day. The number of shipping days vary by geographic location. 
 
 41 

North American Corrugated Packaging Shipments 

First 
 Quarter 

Second 
 Quarter 

Third 
 Quarter 

Fourth 
 Quarter 

Fiscal 
 Year 

Fiscal 2020 

North American Corrugated Packaging 
 Shipments - thousands of tons 

2,591.2 

2,618.8 

2,504.4 

2,504.4 

10,218.8 

North American Corrugated Containers 
 Shipments - BSF 

23.9 

23.8 

23.2 

24.9 

95.8 

North American Corrugated Containers Per 
 Shipping Day - MMSF 

385.9 

371.2 

369.3 

388.0 

378.6 

Fiscal 2021 

North American Corrugated Packaging 
 Shipments - thousands of tons 

2,519.3 

2,485.2 

2,582.7 

2,688.7 

10,275.9 

North American Corrugated Containers 
 Shipments - BSF 

25.4 

24.7 

25.3 

24.6 

100.0 

North American Corrugated Containers Per 
 Shipping Day - MMSF 

416.7 

391.5 

402.0 

383.6 

398.2 

Brazil / India Corrugated Packaging Shipments 

First 
 Quarter 

Second 
 Quarter 

Third 
 Quarter 

Fourth 
 Quarter 

Fiscal 
 Year 

Fiscal 2020 

Brazil / India Corrugated Packaging Shipments 
 - thousands of tons 

168.1 

182.5 

176.4 

185.1 

712.1 

Brazil / India Corrugated Containers Shipments 
 - BSF 

1.7 

1.6 

1.6 

1.9 

6.8 

Brazil / India Corrugated Containers Per Shipping 
 Day - MMSF 

22.9 

21.3 

21.0 

24.3 

22.4 

Fiscal 2021 

Brazil / India Corrugated Packaging Shipments 
 - thousands of tons 

156.8 

183.9 

194.9 

201.1 

736.7 

Brazil / India Corrugated Containers Shipments 
 - BSF 

1.8 

1.9 

1.9 

2.1 

7.7 

Brazil / India Corrugated Containers Per 
 Shipping Day - MMSF 

23.5 

24.5 

26.0 

26.4 

25.1 

42 

Corrugated Packaging Segment Net Sales and Income 

(In millions, except percentages) 

Net Sales (1) 

Segment 
 Income 

Return 
 on Sales 

Fiscal 2020 

First Quarter 

2,909.5 

283.4 

9.7 

Second Quarter 

2,882.5 

244.5 

8.5 

Third Quarter 

2,728.8 

227.9 

8.4 

Fourth Quarter 

2,898.4 

281.9 

9.7 

Total 

11,419.2 

1,037.7 

9.1 

Fiscal 2021 

First Quarter 

2,864.5 

215.0 

7.5 

Second Quarter 

2,913.4 

205.3 

7.0 

Third Quarter 

3,167.1 

321.7 

10.2 

Fourth Quarter 

3,398.7 

374.8 

11.0 

Total 

12,343.7 

1,116.8 

9.0 

(1) 
 
 Net Sales before intersegment eliminations 

 Net Sales (Aggregate) Corrugated Packaging Segment 
 Net sales before intersegment eliminations for the Corrugated Packaging segment increased 924.5 million in fiscal 2021 compared to fiscal 2020 primarily reflecting 675.7 million of higher selling price/mix and 298.0 million of higher volumes that was partially offset by 25.2 million of unfavorable impact of foreign currency. Volumes were negatively impacted by an estimated 77.0 million and 39.9 million due to the Ransomware Incident and winter weather, respectively, in the second quarter of fiscal 2021. Volumes in fiscal 2020 were negatively impacted by COVID-19, primarily in the last half of the fiscal year. Record North American per day box shipments during the fiscal year ended September 30, 2021 increased 5.2 compared to the prior fiscal year. 
 Segment Income Corrugated Packaging Segment 
 Segment income attributable to the Corrugated Packaging segment in fiscal 2021 increased 79.1 million compared to fiscal 2020, primarily due to 686.5 million of margin impact from higher selling price/mix, 93.7 million of higher volumes excluding the Events, 24.8 million of lower depreciation and amortization, primarily due to accelerated depreciation incurred in the prior year period associated with the Florence, SC paper machine project and the North Charleston, SC reconfiguration project, an estimated 19.9 million of lower economic downtime and other items, including higher segment income related to our North Charleston, SC mill and the Florence, SC mill following last year s reconfiguration and paper machine projects. The impact of COVID-19 recognition awards to our manufacturing and operations teammates and increased costs for safety, cleaning and other items related to COVID-19 for fiscal 2020 was 33.5 million compared to 20.8 million in fiscal 2021. These items were partially offset by an estimated 553.3 million of net cost inflation, an estimated 69.6 million of lower productivity, 42.6 million of estimated impact from the Ransomware Incident, 27.8 million of Hurricane Michael insurance recoveries net of direct costs and 29.1 million of decreased indirect tax claims in Brazil both in the prior year period, 15.9 million of estimated impact from winter weather in the second quarter of fiscal 2021 and other items. Net cost inflation consisted primarily of higher recovered fiber, wage and other, energy, freight, chemical and virgin fiber costs compared to the prior fiscal year. 
 Consumer Packaging Segment 
 Consumer Packaging Shipments 
 Consumer Packaging shipments are expressed as a tons equivalent, which includes external and intersegment tons shipped from our Consumer Packaging mills plus Consumer Packaging converting shipments converted from BSF to tons. The shipment data table excludes gypsum paperboard liner tons produced by Seven Hills since it is not consolidated. 
 43 

First 
 Quarter 

Second 
 Quarter 

Third 
 Quarter 

Fourth 
 Quarter 

Fiscal 
 Year 

Fiscal 2020 

Consumer Packaging Shipments - thousands 
 of tons 

922.4 

987.7 

984.5 

976.8 

3,871.4 

Fiscal 2021 

Consumer Packaging Shipments - thousands 
 of tons 

940.4 

913.0 

987.4 

998.4 

3,839.2 

Consumer Packaging Segment Net Sales and Income 

(In millions, except percentages) 

Net Sales (1) 

Segment 
 Income 

Return 
 on Sales 

Fiscal 2020 

First Quarter 

1,536.9 

46.2 

3.0 

Second Quarter 

1,616.3 

90.8 

5.6 

Third Quarter 

1,552.6 

95.3 

6.1 

Fourth Quarter 

1,627.2 

91.4 

5.6 

Total 

6,333.0 

323.7 

5.1 

Fiscal 2021 

First Quarter 

1,595.1 

92.5 

5.8 

Second Quarter 

1,589.9 

81.2 

5.1 

Third Quarter 

1,734.7 

132.0 

7.6 

Fourth Quarter 

1,783.0 

151.6 

8.5 

Total 

6,702.7 

457.3 

6.8 

(1) 
 
 Net Sales before intersegment eliminations 

 Net Sales (Aggregate) Consumer Packaging Segment 
 Net sales before intersegment eliminations for the Consumer Packaging segment increased 369.7 million in fiscal 2021 compared to the prior year primarily due to 202.6 million of higher selling price/mix, 78.3 million of higher volumes and 88.5 million of favorable impact of foreign currency. Volumes were negatively impacted by an estimated 40.5 million and 31.7 million due to the Ransomware Incident and winter weather, respectively, in the second quarter of fiscal 2021. Additionally, volumes in fiscal 2020 were negatively impacted by COVID-19, primarily in the last half of the fiscal year. 
 Segment Income Consumer Packaging Segment 
 
 Segment income attributable to the Consumer Packaging segment in fiscal 2021 increased 133.6 million compared to the prior year. Segment income in the period increased primarily due to 168.3 million of margin impact from higher selling price/mix, an estimated 158.4 million of productivity improvements, 35.6 million of higher volumes excluding the Events, an estimated 31.0 million of lower economic downtime, and other items. The impact of COVID-19 recognition awards to our manufacturing and operations teammates and increased costs for safety, cleaning and other items related to COVID-19 for fiscal 2020 was 25.1 million compared to 15.8 million in fiscal 2021. These items were partially offset by an estimated 225.4 million of net cost inflation, an estimated 14.1 million impact of winter weather, an estimated 13.3 million impact of the Ransomware Incident, and other items. Net cost inflation consisted primarily of higher wage and other, recovered fiber, chemical, energy and freight costs. 
 
 LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 
 We fund our working capital requirements, capital expenditures, mergers, acquisitions and investments, restructuring activities, dividends and stock repurchases from net cash provided by operating activities, borrowings 
 44 

under our credit facilities, proceeds from our accounts receivable sales agreements, proceeds from the sale of property, plant and equipment removed from service and proceeds received in connection with the issuance of debt and equity securities. See Note 13. Debt of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for more information regarding our debt. Funding for our domestic operations in the foreseeable future is expected to come from sources of liquidity within our domestic operations, including cash and cash equivalents, and available borrowings under our credit facilities. As such, our foreign cash and cash equivalents are not expected to be a key source of liquidity to our domestic operations. 
 We are a party to enforceable and legally binding contractual obligations involving commitments to make payments to third parties. These obligations impact our short-term and long-term liquidity and capital resource needs. Certain contractual obligations are reflected on the consolidated balance sheet as of September 30, 2021, while others are considered future obligations. Our contractual obligations primarily consist of items such as: long-term debt, including current portion, lease obligations, purchase obligations and other obligations. See Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Contractual Obligations , for additional information. 
 Cash and cash equivalents were 290.9 million at September 30, 2021 and 251.1 million at September 30, 2020. Approximately three-fourths of the cash and cash equivalents at September 30, 2021 were held outside of the U.S. The proportion of cash and cash equivalents held outside of the U.S. generally varies from period to period. At September 30, 2021, total debt was 8,194.1 million, 168.8 million of which was current. At September 30, 2020, total debt was 9,430.6 million, 222.9 million of which was current. Included in our total debt at September 30, 2021 was 192.4 million of non-cash acquisition related step-up. Total debt was primarily impacted by net cash provided by operating activities exceeding aggregate capital expenditures, dividends and stock repurchases. 
 At September 30, 2021, we had approximately 3.7 billion of availability under our long-term committed credit facilities and cash and cash equivalents. Our primary availability is under our revolving credit facilities and receivables securitization facility, the majority of which matures on November 21, 2024. This liquidity may be used to provide for ongoing working capital needs and for other general corporate purposes, including acquisitions, dividends and stock repurchases. On September 10, 2021, we redeemed 400 million aggregate principal amount of our 4.900 senior notes due March 2022 using cash and cash equivalents and recorded a loss on extinguishment of debt of 8.6 million. 
 Certain restrictive covenants govern our maximum availability under our credit facilities. We test and report our compliance with all of these covenants as required by these facilities and were in compliance with all of these covenants at September 30, 2021. 
 At September 30, 2021, we had 63.2 million of outstanding letters of credit not drawn upon. 
 
 We use a variety of working capital management strategies including supply chain financing (" SCF ") programs, vendor financing and commercial card programs, monetization facilities where we sell short-term receivables to third-party financial institutions and a receivables securitization facility. We describe these programs below and in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 We engage in certain customer-based SCF programs to accelerate the receipt of payment for outstanding accounts receivables from certain customers. Certain costs of these programs are borne by the customer or us. Receivables transferred under these customer-based supply chain finance programs generally meet the requirements to be accounted for as sales in accordance with guidance under Financial Accounting Standards Board s FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC 860, Transfers and Servicing ASC 860 resulting in derecognition of such receivables from our consolidated balance sheets. Receivables involved with these customer-based supply chain financing programs constitute approximately 2 of our annual net sales. In addition, we have monetization facilities that sell to third-party financial institutions all of the short-term receivables generated from certain customer trade accounts. For a discussion of our monetization facilities see Note 12. Fair Value A/R Sales Agreements . 
 Our working capital management strategy includes working with our suppliers to revisit terms and conditions, including the extension of payment terms. Our current payment terms with the majority of our suppliers generally range from payable upon receipt to 120 days and vary for items such as the availability of cash discounts. We do 
 45 

not believe our payment terms will be shortened significantly in the near future, and we do not expect our net cash provided by operating activities to be significantly impacted by additional extensions of payment terms. Certain financial institutions offer voluntary SCF programs that enable our suppliers, at their sole discretion, to sell their receivables from us to the financial institutions on a non-recourse basis at a rate that leverages our credit rating and thus might be more beneficial to our suppliers. We and our suppliers agree on commercial terms for the goods and services we procure, including prices, quantities and payment terms, regardless of whether the supplier elects to participate in SCF programs. The suppliers sell us goods or services and issue the associated invoices to us based on the agreed-upon contractual terms. The due dates of the invoices are not extended due to the supplier s participation in SCF programs. Our suppliers, at their sole discretion if they choose to participate in a SCF program, determine which invoices, if any, they want to sell to the financial institutions. No guarantees are provided by us under SCF programs and we have no economic interest in a supplier s decision to participate in the SCF program. Therefore, amounts due to our suppliers that elect to participate in SCF programs are included in the line item accounts payable and accrued expenses in our consolidated balance sheets and the activity is reflected in net cash provided by operating activities in our consolidated statements of cash flows. Based on correspondence with the financial institutions that are involved with our two primary SCF programs, while the amount suppliers elect to sell to the financial institutions varies from period to period, the amount generally averages approximately 15 of our accounts payable balance. 
 We also participate in certain vendor financing and commercial card programs to support our travel and entertainment expenses and smaller vendor purchases. Amounts outstanding under these programs are classified as debt primarily because we receive the benefit of extended payment terms and a rebate from the financial institution that we would not have otherwise received without the financial institutions involvement. We also have a receivables securitization facility that allows for borrowing availability based on the eligible underlying accounts receivable and compliance with certain covenants. For a discussion of our receivables securitization facility and the amount outstanding under our vendor financing and commercial card programs see Note 13. Debt of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 
 Cash Flow Activity 

Year Ended September 30, 

(In millions) 

2021 

2020 

Net cash provided by operating activities 

2,279.9 

2,070.7 

Net cash used for investing activities 

(676.0 

(921.5 

Net cash used for financing activities 

(1,580.4 

(1,021.1 

Net cash provided by operating activities during fiscal 2021 increased 209.2 million from fiscal 2020 primarily due to higher consolidated net income and a 141.0 million net decrease in the use of working capital compared to the prior year. 
 Net cash used for investing activities of 676.0 million in fiscal 2021 consisted primarily of 815.5 million for capital expenditures that were partially offset by 58.5 million of proceeds from the sale of the Summerville, SC sawmill, 44.9 million of proceeds from corporate owned life insurance and 29.5 million of proceeds from the sale of investments. Net cash used for investing activities of 921.5 million in fiscal 2020 consisted primarily of 978.1 million for capital expenditures that were partially offset by 35.0 million of proceeds from the sale of property, plant and equipment and 16.9 million of proceeds from corporate owned life insurance. 
 We invested 815.5 million in capital expenditures in fiscal 2021, which is in the range of the 800 million to 900 million we expected to invest heading into the year. With the completion of certain of our strategic projects in fiscal 2021, including the paper machine at our Florence, SC mill and the Tres Barras mill upgrade project, we expect capital expenditures of approximately 1.0 billion in fiscal 2022. At this level of capital investment, we are confident that we will continue to invest in the appropriate safety, environmental and maintenance projects while also making investments to support productivity and growth in our business. However, it is possible that our capital expenditure assumptions may change, project completion dates may change, or we may decide to invest a different amount depending upon opportunities we identify, or changes in market conditions, or to comply with environmental or other regulatory changes. 
 46 

In fiscal 2021, net cash used for financing activities of 1,580.4 million consisted primarily of a net decrease in debt of 1,241.3 million and cash dividends paid to stockholders of 233.8 million and stock repurchases of 122.4 million. In fiscal 2020, net cash used for financing activities of 1,021.1 million consisted primarily of a net decrease in debt of 673.9 million and cash dividends paid to stockholders of 344.5 million. 
 We estimate that we will invest approximately 21 million for capital expenditures during fiscal 2022 in connection with matters relating to environmental compliance. We were obligated to purchase approximately 249 million of fixed assets at September 30, 2021 for various capital projects. See Item 1A. Risk Factors Our Capital Expenditures May Not Achieve the Desired Outcomes or May Be Achieved at a Higher Cost than Anticipated . 
 At September 30, 2021, the U.S. federal, state and foreign net operating losses and other U.S. federal and state tax credits available to us aggregated approximately 59 million in future potential reductions of U.S. federal, state and foreign cash taxes. Based on our current projections, we expect to utilize nearly all of the remaining U.S. federal net operating losses and other U.S. federal credits during the current fiscal year. Foreign and state net operating losses and credits will be used over a longer period of time. Our cash tax rate is highly dependent on our taxable income, utilization of net operating losses and credits, changes in tax laws or tax rates, capital expenditures and other factors. Barring significant changes in our current assumptions, including changes in tax laws or tax rates, forecasted taxable income, levels of capital expenditures and other items, we expect our fiscal 2022 cash tax rate will be slightly lower than our income tax rate. Our cash tax rate in fiscal 2023 and 2024 will be driven slightly higher than our income tax rate primarily due to the absence of certain nonrecurring tax credits, the expected release of a tax reserve and the reduction in capital investments, including the timing of depreciation on our qualifying capital investments as allowed under the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. 
 During fiscal 2021 and 2020, we made contributions of 23.2 million and 22.5 million, respectively, to our U.S. and non-U.S. pension plans. Based on current facts and assumptions, we expect to contribute approximately 25 million to our U.S. and non-U.S. pension plans in fiscal 2022. Based on current assumptions, including future interest rates, we estimate that minimum pension contributions to our U.S. and non-U.S. pension plans will be approximately 23 million to 24 million annually in fiscal 2023 through 2026. We have made contributions and expect to continue to make contributions in the coming years to our pension plans in order to ensure that our funding levels remain adequate in light of projected liabilities and to meet the requirements of the Pension Act and other regulations. The net overfunded status of our U.S. and non-U.S. pension plans at September 30, 2021 was 405.1 million. See Note 5. Retirement Plans of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 In the normal course of business, we evaluate our potential exposure to MEPPs, including with respect to potential withdrawal liabilities. In fiscal 2018, we submitted formal notification to withdraw from PIUMPF and Central States, Southeast and Southwest Areas Pension Plan Central States ), and recorded estimated withdrawal liabilities for each. We also have liabilities associated with other MEPPs that we, or legacy companies, have withdrawn from in the past. Currently, we pay approximately 14 million a year in withdrawal liabilities, excluding accumulated funding deficiency demands. With respect to certain other MEPPs, in the event we withdraw from one or more of the MEPPs in the future, it is reasonably possible that we may incur withdrawal liabilities in connection with such withdrawals. Our estimate of any such withdrawal liability, both individually and in the aggregate, is not material for the remaining plans in which we participate. At September 30, 2021 and September 30, 2020, we had withdrawal liabilities recorded of 247.1 million and 252.0 million, respectively, including liabilities associated with PIUMPF s accumulated funding deficiency demands. See Note 5. Retirement Plans Multiemployer Plans of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. See also Item 1A. Risk Factors We May Incur Withdrawal Liability and/or Increased Funding Requirements in Connection with MEPPs . 
 In October 2021, our board of directors declared a quarterly dividend of 0.25 per share, representing a 1.00 per share annualized dividend or an increase of 25 since our February 2021 dividend. The recent decisions to increase our dividend reflects the confidence we have in our business and our ability to generate strong cash flows, as well as the progress we have made in reducing debt since we began implementing the WestRock Pandemic Action Plan. In fiscal 2021, we paid an annual dividend of 0.88 per share (we paid a quarterly dividend of 0.24, 0.24, 0.20 and 0.20 per share in August 2021, May 2021, February 2021 and November 2020, respectively) compared to 1.33 per share in fiscal 2020 (we paid a quarterly dividend of 0.20, 0.20, 0.465 and 0.465 per share in August 2020, May 2020, February 2020 and November 2019, respectively) and 1.82 per share in fiscal 2019. In May 2020, we reduced our dividend given the uncertain market conditions at the time driven by COVID-19. We believe the reduction was prudent given the uncertain market conditions at the time and the reduction has allowed us to allocate additional cash to pay down our outstanding debt. Our short-term goal has 
 47 

been to reduce debt and leverage and return capital to stockholders through a competitive annual dividend. Longer term, our capital allocation priorities include (i) investing in our business, (ii) consistently growing our dividend, (iii) maintaining our investment grade profile, (iv) pursue tuck-in acquisitions that align to our strategy and generate attractive returns, and (v) opportunistic share repurchases. 
 In July 2015, our board of directors authorized a repurchase program of up to 40.0 million shares of our Common Stock, representing approximately 15 of our outstanding Common Stock as of July 1, 2015. Shares of our Common Stock may be purchased from time to time in open market or privately negotiated transactions. The timing, manner, price and amount of repurchases will be determined by management at its discretion based on factors, including the market price of our Common Stock, general economic and market conditions and applicable legal requirements. The repurchase program may be commenced, suspended or discontinued at any time. In fiscal 2021, we repurchased approximately 2.5 million shares of our Common Stock for an aggregate cost of 125.1 million (a portion of which settled after September 30, 2021). In fiscal 2020, we repurchased no shares of our Common Stock. In fiscal 2019, we repurchased approximately 2.1 million shares of our Common Stock for an aggregate cost of 88.6 million. As of September 30, 2021, we had approximately 16.6 million shares of Common Stock available for repurchase under the program. 
 We anticipate that we will be able to fund our capital expenditures, interest payments, dividends and stock repurchases, pension payments, working capital needs, note repurchases, restructuring activities, repayments of current portion of long-term debt and other corporate actions for the foreseeable future from cash generated from operations, borrowings under our credit facilities, proceeds from our accounts receivable sales agreements, proceeds from the issuance of debt or equity securities or other additional long-term debt financing, including new or amended facilities. In addition, we continually review our capital structure and conditions in the private and public debt markets in order to optimize our mix of indebtedness. In connection with these reviews, we may seek to refinance existing indebtedness to extend maturities, reduce borrowing costs or otherwise improve the terms and composition of our indebtedness. 
 Contractual Obligations 
 We summarize our enforceable and legally binding contractual obligations at September 30, 2021, and the effect these obligations are expected to have on our liquidity and cash flow in future periods in the following table. Certain amounts in this table are based on management s estimates and assumptions about these obligations, including their duration, the possibility of renewal, anticipated actions by third parties and other factors, including estimated minimum pension plan contributions and estimated benefit payments related to postretirement obligations, supplemental retirement plans and deferred compensation plans. Because these estimates and assumptions are subjective, the enforceable and legally binding obligations we actually pay in future periods may vary from those presented in the table. 

Payments Due by Period 

(In millions) 

Total 

Fiscal 2022 

Fiscal 2023 
 and 2024 

Fiscal 2025 
 and 2026 

Thereafter 

Long-Term Debt, including current portion, 
 excluding finance lease obligations (1) 

7,787.9 

160.2 

1,258.2 

1,990.4 

4,379.1 

Lease obligations (2) 

1,108.9 

207.0 

311.3 

184.0 

406.6 

Purchase obligations and other (3) (4) (5) 

1,749.2 

1,021.5 

221.9 

128.8 

377.0 

Total 

10,646.0 

1,388.7 

1,791.4 

2,303.2 

5,162.7 

(1) 
 
 Includes only principal payments owed on our debt assuming that all of our long-term debt will be held to maturity, excluding scheduled payments. We have excluded 142.1 million of fair value of debt step-up, deferred financing costs and unamortized bond discounts from the table to arrive at actual debt obligations. See Note 13. Debt of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for information on the interest rates that apply to our various debt instruments. 

(2) 
 
 See Note 14. Leases of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 

(3) 
 
 Purchase obligations include agreements to purchase goods or services that are enforceable and legally binding and that specify all significant terms, including: fixed or minimum quantities to be purchased fixed, minimum or variable price provision and the approximate timing of the transaction. Purchase obligations exclude agreements that are cancelable without penalty. 

 48 

(4) 
 
 We have included future estimated minimum pension plan contributions, MEPP withdrawal payments with definite payout terms and estimated benefit payments related to postretirement obligations, supplemental retirement plans and deferred compensation plans. Our estimates are based on factors, such as discount rates and expected returns on plan assets. Future contributions are subject to changes in our underfunded status based on factors such as investment performance, discount rates, returns on plan assets and changes in legislation. It is possible that our assumptions may change, actual market performance may vary or we may decide to contribute different amounts. We have excluded 80.2 million of MEPP withdrawal liabilities recorded as of September 30, 2021, including our estimate of the accumulated funding deficiency, due to lack of definite payout terms for certain of the obligations. See Note 5. Retirement Plans Multiemployer Plans of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 

(5) 
 
 We have not included the following items in the table: 

An item labeled other long-term liabilities reflected on our consolidated balance sheet because these liabilities do not have a defined pay-out schedule. 

250.4 million for certain provisions of ASC 740, Income Taxes associated with liabilities, primarily for uncertain tax positions due to the uncertainty as to the amount and timing of payment, if any. 

 In addition to the enforceable and legally binding obligations presented in the table above, we have other obligations for goods and services and raw materials entered into in the normal course of business. These contracts, however, are subject to change based on our business decisions. 
 Expenditures for Environmental Compliance 
 See Item 1. Business Governmental Regulation Environmental and Business Governmental Regulation Climate Change for a discussion of our expenditures for environmental compliance. 
 Guarantor Summarized Financial Information 
 WRKCo, Inc. (the Issuer ), a wholly owned subsidiary of Parent (as defined below), has issued the following debt securities pursuant to offerings registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (collectively for purposes of this subsection, the Notes ): 

Aggregate Principal Amount 
 (in millions) 

Stated Coupon Rate 

Maturity Date 

Referred to as: 

500 

3.000 

September 2024 

the 2024 Notes 

600 

3.750 

March 2025 

the 2025 Notes 

750 

4.650 

March 2026 

the 2026 Notes 

500 

3.375 

September 2027 

the 2027 Notes 

600 

4.000 

March 2028 

the 2028 Notes 

500 

3.900 

June 2028 

the June 2028 Notes 

750 

4.900 

March 2029 

the 2029 Notes 

500 

4.200 

June 2032 

the 2032 Notes 

600 

3.000 

June 2033 

the June 2033 Notes 

Upon issuance, the Notes maturing in 2024, 2025, 2027 and March 2028 were fully and unconditionally guaranteed by the Company, WRKCo Inc. and WestRock RKT, LLC RKT and WestRock MWV, LLC MWV , and together with RKT, the Guarantor Subsidiaries . On November 2, 2018, in connection with the consummation of the KapStone Acquisition, Whiskey Holdco, Inc. became the direct parent of the Issuer, changed its name to WestRock Company Parent and fully and unconditionally guaranteed these Notes. The remaining Notes were issued by the Issuer subsequent to the consummation of the KapStone Acquisition and were fully and unconditionally guaranteed at the time of issuance by the Parent and the Guarantor Subsidiaries. Accordingly, each series of the Notes is fully and unconditionally guaranteed on a joint and several basis by the Parent and the Guarantor Subsidiaries (together, the Guarantors ). Collectively, the Issuer and the Guarantors are the Obligor Group . 
 49 

Each series of Notes and the related guarantees constitute unsecured unsubordinated obligations of the applicable obligor. Each series of Notes and the related guarantees ranks equally in right of payment with all of the applicable obligor s existing and future unsecured and unsubordinated debt ranks senior in right of payment to all of the applicable obligor s existing and future subordinated debt is effectively junior to the applicable obligor s existing and future secured debt to the extent of the value of the assets securing such debt and is structurally subordinated to all of the existing and future liabilities of each subsidiary of the applicable obligor (that is not itself an obligor) that does not guarantee such Notes. 
 The indentures governing each series of Notes contain covenants that, among other things, limit our ability and the ability of our subsidiaries to grant liens on our assets and enter into sale and leaseback transactions. In addition, the indentures limit, as applicable, the ability of the Issuer and Guarantors to merge, consolidate or sell, convey, transfer or lease our or their properties and assets substantially as an entirety. The covenants contained in the indentures do not restrict the Company s ability to pay dividends or distributions to stockholders. 
 The guarantee obligations of the Guarantors under the Notes are also subject to certain limitations and terms similar to those applicable to other guarantees of similar instruments, including that (i) the guarantees are subject to fraudulent transfer and conveyance laws and (ii) the obligations of each Guarantor under its guarantee of each series of Notes will be limited to the maximum amount as will result in the obligations of such Guarantor under its guarantee of such Notes not to be deemed to constitute a fraudulent conveyance or fraudulent transfer under federal or state law. 
 Under each indenture governing one or more series of the Notes, a Guarantor Subsidiary will be automatically and unconditionally released from its guarantee upon consummation of any transaction permitted under the applicable indenture resulting in such Guarantor Subsidiary ceasing to be an obligor (either as issuer or guarantor). Under the indentures, the guarantee of the Parent will be automatically released and will terminate upon the merger of the Parent with or into the Issuer or another guarantor, the consolidation of the Parent with the Issuer or another guarantor or the transfer of all or substantially all of the assets of the Parent to the Issuer or a guarantor. In addition, if the Issuer exercises its defeasance or covenant defeasance option with respect to the Notes of a series in accordance with the terms of the applicable indenture, each guarantor will be automatically and unconditionally released from its guarantee of the Notes of such series and all its obligations under the applicable indenture. 
 The Issuer and each Guarantor is a holding company that conducts substantially all of its business through subsidiaries. Accordingly, repayment of the Issuer s indebtedness, including the Notes, is dependent on the generation of cash flow by the Issuer s and each Guarantor s subsidiaries, as applicable, and their ability to make such cash available to the Issuer and the Guarantors, as applicable, by dividend, debt repayment or otherwise. The Issuer s and the Guarantors subsidiaries may not be able to, or be permitted to, make distributions to enable them to make payments in respect of their obligations, including with respect to the Notes in the case of the Issuer and the guarantees in the case of the Guarantors. Each of the Issuer s and the Guarantors subsidiaries is a distinct legal entity and, under certain circumstances, legal and contractual restrictions may limit the Issuer s and the Guarantors ability to obtain cash from their subsidiaries. In the event that the Issuer and the Guarantors do not receive distributions from their subsidiaries, the Issuer and the Guarantors may be unable to make required principal and interest payments on their obligations, including with respect to the Notes and the guarantees. 
 Pursuant to amended Rule 3-10 of Regulation S-X, the summarized financial information below is presented for the Obligor Group on a combined basis after the elimination of intercompany balances and transactions among the Obligor Group and equity in earnings from and investments in the non-Guarantor Subsidiaries. The summarized financial information below should be read in conjunction with the Company s consolidated financial statements contained herein, as the summarized financial information may not necessarily be indicative of results of operations or financial position had the subsidiaries operated as independent entities. 
 50 

SUMMARIZED STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS 

Year Ended 
 September 30, 

(In millions) 

2021 

Net sales to unrelated parties 

1,550.4 

Net sales to non-Guarantor Subsidiaries 

1,049.5 

Gross profit 

631.5 

Interest expense, net with non-Guarantor Subsidiaries 

(66.8 

Net loss and net loss attributable to the Obligor Group 

(94.8 

SUMMARIZED BALANCE SHEETS 

September 30, 

(In millions) 

2021 

2020 

ASSETS 

Total current assets 

310.4 

334.8 

Noncurrent amounts due from non- 
 Guarantor Subsidiaries 

306.1 

310.0 

Other noncurrent assets (1) 

1,980.5 

2,096.7 

Total noncurrent assets 

2,286.6 

2,406.7 

LIABILITIES 

Current amounts due to non- 
 Guarantor Subsidiaries 

2,281.4 

1,520.1 

Other current liabilities 

130.4 

237.9 

Total current liabilities 

2,411.8 

1,758.0 

Noncurrent amounts due to non- 
 Guarantor Subsidiaries 

3,437.4 

2,821.3 

Other noncurrent liabilities 

7,296.6 

8,633.4 

Total noncurrent liabilities 

10,734.0 

11,454.7 

(1) 
 
 Other noncurrent assets includes aggregate goodwill and intangibles, net of 1,699.2 million and 1,797.2 million as of September 30, 2021 and September 30, 2020, respectively. 

NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURES 
 We report our financial results in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the U.S. GAAP ). However, management believes certain non-GAAP financial measures provide our board of directors, investors, potential investors, securities analysts and others with additional meaningful financial information that should be considered when assessing our ongoing performance. Management also uses these non-GAAP financial measures in making financial, operating and planning decisions, and in evaluating our performance. Non-GAAP financial measures should be viewed in addition to, and not as an alternative for, our GAAP results. The non-GAAP financial measures we present may differ from similarly captioned measures presented by other companies. 
 We use the non-GAAP financial measures Adjusted Net Income and Adjusted Earnings Per Diluted Share . Management believes these measures provide our board of directors, investors, potential investors, securities analysts and others with useful information to evaluate our performance because they exclude restructuring and other costs and other specific items that management believes are not indicative of the ongoing operating results of the business. We and our board of directors use this information to evaluate our performance relative to other periods. We believe that the most directly comparable GAAP measures to Adjusted Net Income and Adjusted 
 51 

Earnings Per Diluted Share are Net income (loss) attributable to common stockholders and Earnings (loss) per diluted share, respectively. 
 Set forth below is a reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measure Adjusted Earnings Per Diluted Share to Earnings (loss) per diluted share, the most directly comparable GAAP measure (in dollars per share) for the periods indicated. 

Years Ended September 30, 

2021 

2020 

Earnings (loss) per diluted share 

3.13 

(2.67 

Goodwill impairment 

5.07 

Restructuring and other items 

0.09 

0.33 

COVID-19 employee payments 

0.06 

0.09 

Grupo Gondi option 

0.06 

Ransomware recovery costs, net of insurance proceeds 

0.05 

Accelerated compensation former CEO 

0.04 

Loss on extinguishment of debt 

0.03 

Losses at closed plants, transition and start-up costs 

0.01 

0.07 

North Charleston and Florence transition and 
 reconfiguration costs 

0.13 

Accelerated depreciation on major capital projects and 
 certain plant closures 

0.05 

MEPP liability adjustment due to interest rates 

0.05 

Gain on sale of investment 

(0.05 

Gain on sale of sawmill 

(0.03 

Brazil indirect tax claim 

(0.14 

Litigation recovery 

(0.07 

Adjustment related to Tax Cuts and Jobs Act 

(0.06 

Direct recoveries from Hurricane Michael, net of 
 related costs 

(0.05 

Gain on sale of certain closed facilities 

(0.05 

Other 

0.02 

Adjustment to reflect adjusted earnings on a fully diluted basis 

(0.02 

Adjusted Earnings Per Diluted Share 

3.39 

2.75 

52 

The GAAP results in the tables below for Pre-Tax, Tax and Net of Tax are equivalent to the line items Income (loss) before income taxes , Income tax expense and Consolidated net income (loss) , respectively, as reported on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. Set forth below are reconciliations of Adjusted Net Income to the most directly comparable GAAP measure, Net income (loss) attributable to common stockholders (represented in the table below as the GAAP Results for Consolidated net income (loss) (i.e., Net of Tax) less net income attributable to Noncontrolling interests), for the periods indicated (in millions): 

Year ended September 30, 2021 

Year ended September 30, 2020 

Pre-Tax 

Tax 

Net of Tax 

Pre-Tax 

Tax 

Net of Tax 

As reported 

1,085.9 

(243.4 

842.5 

(522.6 

(163.5 

(686.1 

Goodwill impairment 

1,333.2 

(18.9 

1,314.3 

Restructuring and other items 

31.5 

(7.7 

23.8 

112.7 

(28.2 

84.5 

COVID-19 employee payments 

22.0 

(5.4 

16.6 

31.6 

(7.7 

23.9 

Grupo Gondi option 

22.5 

(6.7 

15.8 

Ransomware recovery costs, net of insurance 
 proceeds 

18.9 

(4.7 

14.2 

Accelerated compensation former CEO 

11.7 

11.7 

Loss on extinguishment of debt 

9.7 

(2.4 

7.3 

1.5 

(0.4 

1.1 

Losses at closed plants, transition and 
 start-up costs 

3.0 

(0.6 

2.4 

21.9 

(5.4 

16.5 

Accelerated depreciation on major capital 
 projects and certain plant closures 

0.7 

(0.2 

0.5 

17.3 

(4.2 

13.1 

North Charleston and Florence transition and 
 reconfiguration costs 

43.4 

(10.6 

32.8 

Multiemployer pension withdrawal expense 

0.9 

(0.2 

0.7 

Gain on sale of investment 

(16.0 

2.4 

(13.6 

Gain on sale of sawmill 

(16.5 

8.3 

(8.2 

Gain on sale of certain closed facilities 

(0.9 

0.2 

(0.7 

(15.6 

3.8 

(11.8 

Brazil indirect tax claim 

(0.9 

0.3 

(0.6 

(51.9 

16.0 

(35.9 

MEPP liability adjustment due to interest rates 

(0.4 

0.1 

(0.3 

15.0 

(3.7 

11.3 

Litigation recovery 

(23.9 

5.9 

(18.0 

Adjustment related to Tax Cuts and Jobs Act 

(16.4 

(16.4 

Direct recoveries from Hurricane Michael, net 
 of related costs 

(16.1 

4.0 

(12.1 

Land and Development operating results 

(1.3 

0.3 

(1.0 

Other 

6.0 

(1.5 

4.5 

Adjusted Results 

1,171.2 

(259.8 

911.4 

952.1 

(230.7 

721.4 

Noncontrolling interests 

(4.2 

(4.8 

Adjusted Net Income 

907.2 

716.6 

We discuss certain of these charges in more detail in Note 4. Restructuring and Other Costs , Note 7. Segment Information and Note 17. Commitments and Contingencies Indirect Tax Claim . 
 CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES 
 We have prepared our accompanying consolidated financial statements in conformity with GAAP, which requires management to make estimates that affect the amounts of revenues, expenses, assets and liabilities reported. Certain significant accounting policies are described in Note 1. Description of Business and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 These critical accounting policies are both important to the portrayal of our financial condition and results of operations and require some of management s most subjective and complex judgments. The accounting for these 
 53 

matters involves the making of estimates based on current facts, circumstances and assumptions that, in management s judgment, could change in a manner that would materially affect management s future estimates with respect to such matters and, accordingly, could cause our future reported financial condition and results of operations to differ materially from those that we are currently reporting based on management s current estimates. 
 Goodwill 
 We review the carrying value of our goodwill annually at the beginning of the fourth quarter of each fiscal year, or more often if events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may exceed fair value as set forth in ASC 350, Intangibles Goodwill and Other. We test goodwill for impairment at the reporting unit level, which is an operating segment or one level below an operating segment, referred to as a component. 
 ASC 350 allows an optional qualitative assessment, prior to a quantitative assessment test, to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit exceeds its carrying amount. We generally do not attempt a qualitative assessment and move directly to the quantitative test. As part of the quantitative test, we utilize the present value of expected cash flows or, as appropriate, a combination of the present value of expected cash flows and the guideline public company method to determine the estimated fair value of our reporting units. This present value model requires management to estimate future cash flows, the timing of these cash flows, and a discount rate (based on a weighted average cost of capital), which represents the time value of money and the inherent risk and uncertainty of the future cash flows. The assumptions we use to estimate future cash flows are consistent with the assumptions that the reporting units use for internal planning purposes, which we believe would be generally consistent with that of a market participant. If we determine that the estimated fair value of the reporting unit exceeds its carrying amount, goodwill of the reporting unit is not impaired. If we determine that the carrying amount of the reporting unit exceeds its estimated fair value, we measure the goodwill impairment charge based on the excess of a reporting unit s carrying amount over its fair value as required under ASU 2017-04 , Simplifying the Test for Goodwill Impairment , which we early adopted starting with our fiscal 2020 annual goodwill impairment test on July 1, 2020. We describe our accounting policy for goodwill further in Note 1. Description of Business and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies Goodwill and Long-Lived Assets of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2021, we completed our annual goodwill impairment testing. We considered factors such as, but not limited to, our expectations for the short-term and long-term impacts of COVID-19, macroeconomic conditions, industry and market considerations, and financial performance, including planned revenue, earnings and capital investments of each reporting unit. The discount rate used for each reporting unit ranged from 8.0 to 12.0 . We used perpetual growth rates in the reporting units ranging from 0.5 to 1.0 . All reporting units that have goodwill were noted to have a fair value that exceeded their carrying values by more than 20 each. If we had concluded that it was appropriate to increase the discount rate we used by 100 basis points to estimate the fair value of each reporting unit, the fair value of each of our reporting units would have continued to exceed its carrying value. 
 At September 30, 2021, the North American Corrugated, Consumer Packaging, Brazil Corrugated and Victory Packaging reporting units had 3,518.5 million, 2,295.9 million, 103.7 million and 41.1 million of goodwill, respectively. Our long-lived assets, including intangible assets remain recoverable. Subsequent to our annual test, we monitored industry economic trends until the end of our fiscal year and determined no additional testing for goodwill impairment was warranted. We have not made any material changes to our impairment loss assessment methodology during the past three fiscal years. Currently, we do not believe there is a reasonable likelihood that there will be a material change in future assumptions or estimates we use to calculate impairment losses. However, we cannot predict certain market factors with certainty, including the impact of COVID-19, and have certain risks inherent to our operations as described in Item 1A. Risk Factors . If actual results are not consistent with our assumptions and estimates, we may be exposed to additional impairment losses that could be material. 
 See Item 1A. Risk Factors We Have a Significant Amount of Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets and a Write-Down Would Adversely Impact Our Operating Results and Shareholders Equity . 
 Long-Lived Assets 
 We follow the provisions included in ASC 360, Property, Plant, and Equipment in determining whether the carrying value of any of our long-lived assets, including right-of-use assets ROU and amortizing intangibles 
 54 

other than goodwill, is impaired. We review long-lived assets for impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the long-lived asset might not be recoverable. If we determine that indicators of impairment are present, we determine whether the estimated undiscounted cash flows for the potentially impaired assets are less than the carrying value. This requires management to estimate future cash flows through operations over the remaining useful life of the asset and its ultimate disposition. The assumptions we use to estimate future cash flows are consistent with the assumptions we use for internal planning purposes, updated to reflect current expectations. If our estimated undiscounted cash flows do not exceed the carrying value, we estimate the fair value of the asset and record an impairment charge if the carrying value is greater than the fair value of the asset. We estimate fair value using discounted cash flows, observable prices for similar assets, or other valuation techniques. 
 Our judgments regarding the existence of impairment indicators are based on legal factors, market conditions and operational performance. Future events could cause us to conclude that impairment indicators exist and that assets associated with a particular operation are impaired. Evaluating impairment also requires us to estimate future operating results and cash flows, which also require judgment by management. 
 Accounting for Income Taxes 
 Our income tax expense, deferred tax assets and liabilities, and liabilities for unrecognized tax benefits, reflect management s best assessment of estimated current and future taxes to be paid. Significant judgments and estimates are required in determining the consolidated income tax expense. In evaluating our ability to recover our deferred tax assets within the jurisdiction from which they arise we consider all available positive and negative evidence, including future reversals of existing taxable temporary differences, projected future taxable income, tax planning strategies, recent financial operations and their associated valuation allowances, if any. We use significant judgment in (i) determining whether a tax position, based solely on its technical merits, is more likely than not to be sustained upon examination and (ii) measuring the tax benefit as the largest amount of benefit that is more likely than not to be realized upon ultimate settlement. We do not record any benefit for the tax positions where we do not meet the more likely than not initial recognition threshold. Income tax positions must meet a more likely than not recognition threshold at the effective date to be recognized. We generally recognize interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in income tax expense in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. Resolution of the uncertain tax positions could have a material adverse effect on our cash flows or materially benefit our results of operations in future periods depending upon their ultimate resolution. A 1 change in our effective tax rate would increase or decrease tax expense by approximately 10.9 million for fiscal 2021. A 1 change in our effective tax rate used to compute deferred tax liabilities and assets, as recorded on the September 30, 2021 consolidated balance sheet, would increase or decrease tax expense by approximately 124 million for fiscal 2021. 
 Pension 
 The funded status of our qualified and non-qualified U.S. and non-U.S. pension plans increased 353.4 million in fiscal 2021. Our U.S. qualified and non-qualified pension plans were over funded by 387.9 million as of September 30, 2021. Our non-U.S. pension plans were over funded by 17.2 million as of September 30, 2021. Our U.S. pension plan benefit obligations were negatively impacted in fiscal 2021 primarily by a 1-basis point decrease in the discount rate compared to the prior measurement date. The non-U.S. pension plan obligations were positively impacted in fiscal 2021 by a 47-basis point increase in the discount rate compared to the prior measurement date. 
 The determination of pension obligations and pension expense requires various assumptions that can significantly affect liability and expense amounts, such as the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets, discount rates, projected future compensation increases and mortality rates for each of our plans. These assumptions are determined annually in conjunction with our actuary. The accounting for these matters involves the making of estimates based on current facts, circumstances and assumptions that, in management s judgment, could change in a manner that would materially affect management s future estimates with respect to such matters and, accordingly, could cause our future reported financial condition and results of operations to differ materially from those that we are currently reporting based on management s current estimates. 
 55 

A 25-basis point change in the discount rate, compensation level, expected long-term rate of return on plan assets and interest crediting rate, factoring in our corridor (as defined herein) as appropriate, would have had the following effect on fiscal 2021 pension expense (amounts in the table in parentheses reflect additional income, in millions): 

Pension Plans 

25 Basis 
 Point 
 Increase 

25 Basis 
 Point 
 Decrease 

Discount rate 

(14.5 

15.2 

Compensation level 

0.3 

(0.3 

Expected long-term rate of return on plan assets 

(16.7 

16.7 

Interest crediting rate 

0.4 

(0.4 

New Accounting Standards 
 See Note 1. Description of Business and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for a full description of recent accounting pronouncements, including the respective expected dates of adoption and expected effects on our results of operations and financial condition. 

Item 7A. 
 
 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

 We are exposed to market risk from changes in, among other things, interest rates, foreign currencies and commodity prices. We aim to identify and understand these risks and then implement strategies to manage them. When evaluating these strategies, we evaluate the fundamentals of each market, our sensitivity to movements in pricing, and underlying accounting and business implications. Our chief executive officer and chief financial officer must approve the execution of all transactions contemplated in accordance with our Financial and Commodity Risk Management Corporate Policy. The sensitivity analyses we present below do not consider the effect of possible adverse changes in the general economy, nor do they consider additional actions we may take to mitigate our exposure to such changes. We may not be successful in managing these risks. 
 Containerboard and Paperboard Shipments 
 We are exposed to market risk related to our sales of containerboard and paperboard. We sell a significant portion of our mill production and converted products pursuant to contracts that provide that prices are either fixed for specified terms or provide for price adjustments based on negotiated terms, including changes in specified index prices. We have the capacity to annually ship approximately 12.1 million tons in our Corrugated Packaging segment and approximately 4.1 million tons in our Consumer Packaging segment. Although our mill system operating rates may vary from year to year due to changes in market and other factors, our simple average mill system operating rates for the last three years averaged 91 . A hypothetical 10 per ton change in the price of containerboard and paperboard throughout the year based on our capacity would impact our sales by approximately 121 million and 41 million in our Corrugated Packaging and Consumer Packaging segments, respectively. See Item 1A. Risk Factors Our Earnings Are Highly Dependent on Volumes . 
 Energy 
 Energy is one of the most significant costs of our mill operations. The cost of natural gas, coal, oil, electricity, diesel and wood by-products (biomass) at times have fluctuated significantly. In our recycled paperboard mills, we use primarily natural gas and electricity, supplemented with coal and fuel oil to generate steam used in the paper making process and, at a few mills, to generate electricity used on site. In our virgin fiber mills, we use biomass, natural gas and coal to generate steam used in the pulping and paper making processes and to generate some or all of the electricity used on site. We primarily use electricity and natural gas to operate our converting facilities. We generally purchase these products from suppliers at market or tariff rates. We may from time to time use commodity contracts to hedge energy exposures. 
 We spent approximately 903 million and 773 million on all energy sources in fiscal 2021 and 2020, respectively to operate our facilities. The increase in energy costs in fiscal 2021 was primarily due to inflation. Natural gas and electricity each account for approximately 30 to 40 of our energy purchases depending upon 
 56 

pricing. While the amount of energy we consume may vary from year to year due to production levels and other factors, in fiscal 2022 we expect to consume approximately 90 million MMBtu of natural gas. A hypothetical 10 change in the price of energy throughout the year would impact our cost of energy by approximately 90 million based on fiscal 2021 pricing and consumption. 
 Recycled Fiber 
 Recycled fiber is the principal raw material we use in the production of recycled paperboard and a portion of our containerboard. In fiscal 2021 and 2020, we consumed approximately 5.8 million and 5.5 million tons of recycled fiber, respectively. Recycled fiber prices can fluctuate significantly. Our purchases of old corrugated containers and double-lined kraft clippings accounted for our largest recycled fiber costs and approximately 85 to 90 of our recycled fiber purchases. The remaining 10 to 15 of our recycled fiber purchases consisted of a number of other grades of recycled paper. The mix of recycled fiber may vary due to factors such as market demand, availability and pricing. Recycled fiber prices increased in fiscal 2021 from prior year levels. While the amount of recycled fiber we consume may vary from year to year due to production levels and other factors, in fiscal 2022 we expect to consume approximately 5.9 million tons of recycled fiber. A hypothetical 10 change in recycled fiber prices in our mills for a fiscal year would impact our costs by approximately 59 million. 
 Virgin Fiber 
 Virgin fiber is the principal raw material we use in the production of a portion of our containerboard, bleached paperboard and market pulp. While virgin fiber prices have generally been more stable than recycled fiber prices, they also fluctuate, particularly due to significant changes in weather, such as during prolonged periods of heavy rain or drought, or during housing construction slowdowns or accelerations. Virgin fiber prices increased modestly in fiscal 2021 from prior year levels. A hypothetical 10 change in virgin fiber prices in our mills for a fiscal year would impact our costs by approximately 138 million. 
 Freight 
 Inbound and outbound freight is a significant expenditure for us. Factors that influence our freight expense are items such as distance between our shipping and delivery locations, distance from customers and suppliers, mode of transportation (rail, truck, intermodal and ocean) and freight rates, which are influenced by supply and demand and fuel costs, primarily diesel. Freight costs increased in fiscal 2021, following a decline in freight costs in fiscal 2020, primarily due to inflation and supply constraints. A hypothetical 10 change in freight costs for fiscal 2021 and 2020 would impact our costs by approximately 190 million and 161 million, respectively. In fiscal 2022, we expect to consume approximately 83 million gallons of diesel. See Item 1A. Risk Factors We May Face Increased Costs For, or Inadequate Availability of, Raw Materials, Energy and Transportation . 
 Interest Rates 
 We are exposed to changes in interest rates, primarily as a result of our short-term and long-term debt. As discussed below, we may from time to time use interest rate swap agreements to manage the interest rate characteristics of a portion of our outstanding debt. Based on the amounts and mix of our fixed and floating rate debt at September 30, 2021 and 2020, including the impact of our interest rate swaps, if market interest rates change an average of 100 basis points, our annual interest expense would be impacted by approximately 11 million and 13 million, respectively. We determined these amounts by considering the impact of the hypothetical interest rates on our borrowing costs. This analysis does not consider the effects of changes in the level of overall economic activity that could exist in such an environment. See Item 1A. Risk Factors We Have Had Significant Levels of Indebtedness in the Past and May Incur Significant Levels of Indebtedness in the Future, Which Could Adversely Affect Our Financial Condition and Impair Our Ability to Operate Our Business . 
 Derivative Instruments / Forward Contracts 
 We periodically may issue and settle foreign currency denominated debt, exposing us to the effect of changes in spot exchange rates between loan issue and loan repayment dates and changes in spot exchange rates on open balances at each balance sheet date. From time to time, we may use foreign exchange contracts to hedge these exposures with terms of generally one month. Based on our open foreign exchange contracts as of September 30, 2021 and 2020, the effect of a 1 change in exchange rates would impact Other income, net by 
 57 

approximately 3 million for each year. Although these foreign currency sensitive instruments expose us to market risk, fluctuations in the value of these instruments are mitigated by expected offsetting fluctuations in the foreign currency denominated debt exposures. The fluctuation of these instruments may cause future cash settlement of the hedge. 
 We periodically may also enter into interest rate swaps to manage the interest rate risk associated with a portion of our outstanding debt but currently have no active interest rate swaps or commodity forward contracts. Interest rate swaps are either designated for accounting purposes as cash flow hedges of forecasted floating interest payments on variable rate debt or fair value hedges of fixed rate debt, or we may elect not to treat them as accounting hedges. We may enter into swaps or forward contracts on certain commodities to manage the price risk associated with forecasted purchases or sales of those commodities. 
 Pension Plans 
 Our pension plans are influenced by trends in the financial markets and the regulatory environment, among other factors. Adverse general stock market trends and falling interest rates increase plan costs and liabilities. During fiscal 2021 and 2020, the effect of a 0.25 decrease in the discount rate would have reduced pre-tax income by approximately 15 million and 13 million, respectively, and a 0.25 increase in the discount rate would have increased pre-tax income by 15 million and 15 million, respectively. Similarly, MEPPs in which we participate could experience similar circumstances which could impact our funding requirements and therefore expenses. See Note 5. Retirement Plans Multiemployer Plans of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. See also Item 1A. Risk Factors We May Incur Withdrawal Liability and/or Increased Funding Requirements in Connection with MEPPs . 
 Foreign Currency 
 We predominately operate in markets in the U.S., but derived 18.5 of our net sales in fiscal 2021 from outside the U.S. through international operations, some of which were transacted in U.S. dollars. In addition, certain of our domestic operations have sales to foreign customers. Although we are impacted by the exchange rates of a number of currencies, our largest exposures are generally to the Brazilian Real, British Pound, Canadian dollar, Euro and Mexican Peso. In conducting our foreign operations, we also make inter-company sales and receive royalties and dividends denominated in different currencies. These activities expose us to the effect of changes in foreign currency exchange rates. Flows of foreign currencies into and out of our operations are generally stable and regularly occurring and are recorded at fair market value in our financial statements. 
 At times, certain of our foreign subsidiaries have U.S. dollar-denominated external debt. In these instances, we may hedge the non-functional currency exposure with derivatives. We issue inter-company loans to and receive foreign cash deposits from our foreign subsidiaries in their local currencies, exposing us to the effect of changes in spot exchange rates between loan issue and loan repayment dates and changes in spot exchange rates from deposits. From time to time, we may use foreign-exchange hedge contracts with terms of generally less than one year to hedge these exposures. Although our derivative and other foreign currency sensitive instruments expose us to market risk, fluctuations in the value of these instruments are mitigated by expected offsetting fluctuations in the matched exposures. 
 During fiscal 2021 and 2020, the effect of a hypothetical 10 change in foreign currencies that we have exposure to compared to the U.S. dollar would have impacted our segment results by approximately 40 million and 30 million, respectively. See Note 7. Segment Information of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 
 During fiscal 2021 and 2020, the effect of a hypothetical 1 change in exchange rates would have impacted accumulated other comprehensive income by approximately 30 million and 21 million, respectively. This impact does not consider the effects of a stronger or weaker U.S. dollar on our ability to compete for export business or the overall economic activity that could exist in such an environment. Changes in foreign exchange rates could impact the price and the demand for our products such as a strengthening U.S. dollar causes exports to become more expensive to foreign customers and business that have to pay for them in other currencies. See Item 1A. Risk Factors We May Be Adversely Affected by Factors That Are Beyond Our Control, Such as U.S. and Worldwide Economic and Financial Market Conditions, and Social and Political Change . 
 58 

Item 8. 
 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

 Index to Financial Statements 

Description 

Page 
 Reference 

Consolidated Statements of Operations 

60 

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) 

61 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 

62 

Consolidated Statements of Equity 

63 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

64 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

65 

Note 1.Description of Business and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 

65 

Note 2. Revenue Recognition 

76 

Note 3. Acquisitions and Investments 

78 

Note 4. Restructuring and Other Costs 

80 

Note 5. Retirement Plans 

83 

Note 6. Income Taxes 

94 

Note 7. Segment Information 

98 

Note 8. Interest 

101 

Note 9. Inventories 

102 

Note 10. Property, Plant and Equipment 

102 

Note 11.Other Intangible Assets 

103 

Note 12.Fair Value 

103 

Note 13.Debt 

105 

Note 14. Leases 

109 

Note 15. Special Purpose Entities 

111 

Note 16.Related Party Transactions 

112 

Note 17.Commitments and Contingencies 

112 

Note 18.Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss and Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) 

116 

Note 19.Stockholders Equity 

118 

Note 20.Share-Based Compensation 

118 

Note 21.Earnings Per Share 

122 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

124 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

127 

Management s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

129 

59 

WESTROCK COMPANY 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

Year Ended September 30, 

(In millions, except per share data) 

2021 

2020 

2019 

Net sales 

Cost of goods sold 

Gross profit 

Selling, general and administrative, excluding intangible 
 amortization 

Selling, general and administrative intangible amortization 

Loss (gain) on disposal of assets 

Multiemployer pension withdrawal income 

Land and Development impairments 

Restructuring and other costs 

Goodwill impairment 

Operating profit (loss) 

Interest expense, net 

Loss on extinguishment of debt 

Pension and other postretirement non-service income 

Other income, net 

Equity in income of unconsolidated entities 

Income (loss) before income taxes 

Income tax expense 

Consolidated net income (loss) 

Less: Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests 

Net income (loss) attributable to common stockholders 

Basic earnings (loss) per share attributable to common 
 stockholders 

Diluted earnings (loss) per share attributable to common 
 stockholders 

See Accompanying Notes 
 60 

WESTROCK COMPANY 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 

Year Ended September 30, 

(In millions) 

2021 

2020 

2019 

Consolidated net income (loss) 

Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax: 

Foreign currency: 

Foreign currency translation gain (loss) 

Derivatives: 

Deferred (loss) gain on cash flow hedges 

Reclassification adjustment of net loss (gain) on cash 
 flow hedges included in earnings 

Defined benefit pension and other postretirement benefit 
 plans: 

Net actuarial gain (loss) arising during period 

Amortization and settlement recognition of net 
 actuarial loss, included in pension and 
 postretirement cost 

Prior service cost arising during period 

Amortization and curtailment recognition of prior 
 service cost, included in pension and 
 postretirement cost 

Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax 

Comprehensive income (loss) 

Less: Comprehensive income attributable to 
 noncontrolling interests 

Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to common 
 stockholders 

See Accompanying Notes 
 61 

WESTROCK COMPANY 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

September 30, 

(In millions, except per share data) 

2021 

2020 

ASSETS 

Current assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Accounts receivable (net of allowances of and 

Inventories 

Other current assets 

Assets held for sale 

Total current assets 

Property, plant and equipment, net 

Goodwill 

Intangibles, net 

Restricted assets held by special purpose entities 

Prepaid pension asset 

Other assets 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND EQUITY 

Current liabilities: 

Current portion of debt 

Accounts payable 

Accrued compensation and benefits 

Other current liabilities 

Total current liabilities 

Long-term debt due after one year 

Pension liabilities, net of current portion 

Postretirement benefit liabilities, net of current portion 

Non-recourse liabilities held by special purpose entities 

Deferred income taxes 

Other long-term liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies (Note 17) 

Redeemable noncontrolling interests 

Equity: 

Preferred stock, par value million shares authorized 
 shares outstanding 

Common stock, par value million shares authorized 
 million and million shares outstanding at September 
 30, 2021 and September 30, 2020, respectively 

Capital in excess of par value 

Retained earnings 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss 

Total stockholders equity 

Noncontrolling interests 

Total equity 

Total liabilities and equity 

See Accompanying Notes 
 62 

WESTROCK COMPANY 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EQUITY 

Year Ended September 30, 

(In millions, except per share data) 

2021 

2020 

2019 

Number of Shares of Common Stock Outstanding: 

Balance at beginning of fiscal year 

Issuance of common stock, net of stock received for tax 
 withholdings (1) 

Purchases of common stock (2) 

Balance at end of fiscal year 

Common Stock: 

Balance at beginning of fiscal year 

Issuance of common stock, net of stock received for tax 
 withholdings (1) 

Balance at end of fiscal year 

Capital in Excess of Par Value: 

Balance at beginning of fiscal year 

Compensation expense under share-based plans 

Issuance of common stock, net of stock received for tax 
 withholdings (1) 

Fair value of share-based awards issued in business combinations 

Purchases of common stock (2) 

Other 

Balance at end of fiscal year 

Retained Earnings: 

Balance at beginning of fiscal year 

Adoption of accounting standards (3) 

Net income (loss) attributable to common stockholders 

Dividends declared (per share - , and (4) 

Issuance of common stock, net of stock received for tax 
 withholdings 

Purchases of common stock (2) 

Balance at end of fiscal year 

Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss: 

Balance at beginning of fiscal year 

Adoption of ASU 2018-02 reclassification of stranded 
 tax effects resulting from Tax Reform 

Other comprehensive loss, net of tax 

Balance at end of fiscal year 

Total Stockholders equity 

Noncontrolling Interests: (5) 

Balance at beginning of fiscal year 

Net income 

Contributions 

Distributions and adjustments to noncontrolling interests 

Balance at end of fiscal year 

Total Equity 

(1) 
 
 million shares of Common Stock valued at million in connection with the KapStone Acquisition. 

(2) 
 
 million shares of our Common Stock for an aggregate cost of million (a portion of which settled after September 30, 2021). In fiscal 2019, we repurchased approximately million shares of our Common Stock for an aggregate cost of million. 

(3) 

(4) 

(5) 

See Accompanying Notes 
 
 63 

WESTROCK COMPANY 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

Year Ended September 30, 

(In millions) 

2021 

2020 

2019 

Operating activities: 

Consolidated net income (loss) 

Adjustments to reconcile consolidated net income to net cash 
 provided by operating activities: 

Depreciation, depletion and amortization 

Cost of real estate sold 

Deferred income tax (benefit) expense 

Share-based compensation expense 

401(k) match and company contribution in common stock 

Pension and other postretirement funding more than expense (income) 

Cash surrender value increase in excess of premiums paid 

Gain on sale of sawmill 

Gain on sale of investment 

Land and Development impairments 

Goodwill impairment 

Other impairment adjustments 

Loss (gain) on disposal of plant, equipment and other, net 

Other 

Change in operating assets and liabilities, net of acquisitions and 
 divestitures: 

Accounts receivable 

Inventories 

Other assets 

Accounts payable 

Income taxes 

Accrued liabilities and other 

Net cash provided by operating activities 

Investing activities: 

Capital expenditures 

Cash paid for purchase of businesses, net of cash acquired 

Proceeds from corporate owned life insurance 

Proceeds from sale of sawmill 

Proceeds from sale of investment 

Proceeds from sale of property, plant and equipment 

Proceeds from property, plant and equipment insurance settlement 

Other 

Net cash used for investing activities 

Financing activities: 

Proceeds from issuance of notes 

Additions to revolving credit facilities 

Repayments of revolving credit facilities 

Additions to debt 

Repayments of debt 

Changes in commercial paper, net 

Other financing additions (repayments) 

Issuances of common stock, net of related tax withholdings 

Purchases of common stock 

Cash dividends paid to stockholders 

Other 

Net cash (used for) provided by financing activities 

Effect of exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 

Increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 

Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of period 

Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of period 

See Accompanying Notes 
 
 64 

WESTROCK COMPANY 
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 65 

WESTROCK COMPANY 
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 tons lower than planned for the quarter ended March 31, 2021 as a result of this incident. While shipments from some of our facilities initially lagged behind production levels, this gap closed as systems were restored during the second quarter of fiscal 2021. In locations where technology issues were identified, we used alternative methods, in many cases manual methods, to process and ship orders. We systematically brought our information systems back online in a controlled, phased approach. 
 We estimate the pre-tax income impact of the lost sales and operational disruption of this incident on our operations in the second quarter of fiscal 2021 was approximately million, as well as approximately million of ransomware recovery costs, primarily professional fees. In addition, we incurred approximately million of ransomware recovery costs in the third quarter of fiscal 2021. In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2021, we recorded a million credit for preliminary recoveries approximately million as a reduction of SG&A excluding intangible amortization and approximately million as a reduction of cost of goods sold. We expect to recover substantially all of the remaining ransomware losses from cyber and business interruption insurance in future periods. Disputes over the extent of insurance coverage for claims are not uncommon, and there will be a time lag between the incurrence of costs and the receipt of any insurance proceeds. 
 In response to the ransomware event, we accelerated information technology investments that we had previously planned to make in future periods in order to further strengthen our information security and technology infrastructure. We engaged a leading cybersecurity defense firm that completed a forensics investigation of the ransomware incident and we are taking appropriate actions in response to the findings. For example, in the short-term, we reset all credentials Company-wide and strengthened security tooling across our servers and workstations. Longer term, in collaboration with our strategic partners, we established a roadmap to advance the maturity and effectiveness of our information security and resiliency capabilities. This roadmap includes initiatives to further strengthen our information security posture across the Company, and to enable us to potentially detect, respond to and recover from security and technical incidents in a faster and more effective manner. More specifically, we are progressing projects to bolster our security monitoring capabilities, strengthen our access controls, reduce risks associated with third-parties, and to enhance the information security of our mills and plants. 
 66 

WESTROCK COMPANY 
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 to . We are a party to accounts receivable sales agreements to sell to third-party financial institutions all of the short-term receivables generated from certain customer trade accounts. See Note 12. Fair Value Accounts Receivable Sales Agreements . 
 We state accounts receivable at the amount owed by the customer, net of an allowance for estimated credit impairment losses, returns and allowances, cash discounts and other adjustments. We do not discount accounts receivable because we generally collect accounts receivable over a relatively short time. We charge off receivables when they are determined to be no longer collectible. Bad debt expense was a credit of million in fiscal 2021 and expense of million and million in fiscal 2020 and 2019, respectively. 
 67 

WESTROCK COMPANY 
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Reduction in sales and charges to costs and expenses 

Deductions 

Balance at end of fiscal year 

and of FIFO cost of all inventory at September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively. See Note 9. Inventories for additional information. 
 Prior to the application of the LIFO method, our U.S. operating divisions use a variety of methods to estimate the FIFO cost of their finished goods inventories. Such methods include standard costs, or average costs computed by dividing the actual cost of goods manufactured by the tons produced and multiplying this amount by the tons of inventory on hand. Lastly, certain operations calculate a ratio, on a plant by plant basis, the numerator of which is the cost of goods sold and the denominator is net sales. This ratio is applied to the estimated sales value of the finished goods inventory. Variances and other unusual items are analyzed to determine whether it is appropriate to include those items in the value of inventory. Examples of variances and unusual items that are considered to be current period charges include, but are not limited to, production levels, freight, handling costs, and wasted materials (spoilage) that are determined to be abnormal. Cost includes raw materials and supplies, direct labor, indirect labor related to the manufacturing process and depreciation and other factory overheads. Our inventoried spare parts are measured at average cost. 
 68 

WESTROCK COMPANY 
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 
 - 

Machinery and equipment 

- 

Transportation equipment 

- 

Generally, our machinery and equipment have estimated useful lives between and however, select portions of machinery and equipment primarily at our mills have estimated useful lives up to years. Greater than of the cost of our mill assets have useful lives of years or less. Leasehold improvements are depreciated over the shorter of the asset life or the lease term, generally between and . 
 69 

WESTROCK COMPANY 
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 to . We used perpetual growth rates in the reporting units that have goodwill ranging from to . All reporting units that have goodwill were noted to have a fair value that exceeded their carrying values by more than each. If we had concluded that it was appropriate to increase the discount rate we used by basis points to estimate the fair value of each reporting unit, the fair value of each of our reporting units would have continued to exceed its carrying value. 
 At September 30, 2021, the North American Corrugated, Consumer Packaging, Brazil Corrugated and Victory Packaging reporting units had million, million, million and million of goodwill, respectively, which remained recoverable at the current year-end. Subsequent to our annual test, we monitored industry economic trends until the end of our fiscal year and determined no additional testing for goodwill impairment was warranted. We have not made any material changes to our impairment loss assessment methodology during the past three fiscal years. Currently, we do not believe there is a reasonable likelihood that there will be a material change in future assumptions or estimates we use to calculate impairment losses. However, we cannot predict certain market factors with certainty, including the impact of COVID-19, and have certain risks inherent to our operations as described in Item 1A. Risk Factors . If actual results are not consistent with our assumptions and estimates, we may be exposed to additional impairment losses that could be material. 
 We follow the provisions included in ASC 360, Property, Plant, and Equipment in determining whether the carrying value of any of our long-lived assets, including ROU assets and amortizing intangibles other than goodwill, is impaired. The ASC 360 test is a three-step test for assets that are held and used as that term is defined by ASC 360. We determine whether indicators of impairment are present. We review long-lived assets for impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the long-lived asset might not be recoverable. If we determine that indicators of impairment are present, we determine whether the estimated undiscounted cash flows for the potentially impaired assets are less than the carrying value. This requires management to estimate future cash flows through operations over the remaining useful life of the asset and its ultimate disposition. The assumptions we use to estimate future cash flows are consistent with the assumptions we use for internal planning purposes, updated to reflect current expectations. If our estimated undiscounted cash flows do not exceed the carrying value, we estimate the fair value of the asset and record an impairment charge if the carrying value is greater than the fair value of the asset. We estimate fair value using discounted cash flows, observable prices for similar assets, or other valuation techniques. We record assets classified as held for sale at the lower of their carrying value or estimated fair value less anticipated costs to sell. Our long-lived assets, including intangible assets remain recoverable. 
 Included in our long-lived assets are certain identifiable intangible assets. These intangible assets are amortized based on the approximate pattern in which the economic benefits are consumed or straight-line if the pattern was not reliably determinable. Estimated useful lives range from to and have a weighted average life of approximately years. 
 Our judgments regarding the existence of impairment indicators are based on legal factors, market conditions and operational performance. Future events could cause us to conclude that impairment indicators exist and that assets associated with a particular operation are impaired. Evaluating impairment also requires us to estimate future operating results and cash flows, which also require judgment by management. Any resulting impairment loss could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 70 

WESTROCK COMPANY 
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 
 71 

WESTROCK COMPANY 
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 million. The fair value of this derivative instrument was not significant as of September 30, 2021. At September 30, 2020, the notional amounts of interest rate and foreign currency exchange contract derivatives were million and million, respectively. The fair value of these derivative instruments was not significant as of September 30, 2020. See Note 13. Debt for additional information on the foreign currency derivatives. 
 72 

WESTROCK COMPANY 
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 
 73 

WESTROCK COMPANY 
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 depending on the nature of the award, except for non-employee director grants, which typically vest over a period of up to . The majority of our restricted stock grants to employees generally contain performance or market conditions that must be met in conjunction with a service requirement for the shares to vest, others contain only a service requirement. We charge compensation expense under the plan to earnings over each award s individual vesting period. Forfeitures are estimated based on historical experience. In fiscal 2020, in connection with our WestRock Pandemic Action Plan we issued restricted stock grants to the majority of our employees to replace their annual cash bonus. See Note 20. Share-Based Compensation for additional information. million and million, respectively. The liabilities are primarily reflected as Other long-term liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. million and million, respectively. The assets are recorded as Other assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 74 

WESTROCK COMPANY 
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 million in fiscal 2021 and a gain on foreign currency transactions of million and million i n fiscal 2020 and 2019, respectively. 
 
 75 

WESTROCK COMPANY 
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 million (net of tax) decrease to opening balance of retained earnings related to our allowance for doubtful accounts primarily for our trade accounts receivable balance. 
 
 New Accounting Standards Pending to be Adopted in Fiscal 2022 
 
 In December 2019, the FASB issued ASU 2019-12 Income Taxes (Topic 740): Simplifying the Accounting for Income Taxes . This ASU removes certain exceptions from recognizing deferred taxes for investments, performing intraperiod allocation and calculating income taxes in interim periods. It also reduces complexity in certain areas, including recognizing deferred taxes for tax goodwill and allocating taxes to members of a consolidated group. This ASU is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2020 (fiscal 2022 for us) and interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted. We do not expect the adoption of this ASU to have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. 
 
 In July 2021, the FASB issued ASU 2021-05 Leases (Topic 842): Lessors Certain Leases with Variable Lease Payments . This ASU requires lessors to classify leases as operating leases if they have variable lease payments that do not depend on an index or rate and would have selling losses at lease commencement if they were classified as sales-type or direct financing leases. For lessors that had adopted ASC 842 as of July 19, 2021, when the amendments were issued, the amendments can be applied either retrospectively or prospectively and are effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2021 (fiscal 2023 for us) and interim periods within those annual periods. Early adoption is permitted. We plan to early adopt this ASU using the prospective transition approach beginning October 1, 2021. We do not expect the adoption of this ASU to have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. 

Net sales are attributed to geographical markets based on our selling location. In fiscal 2020, we completed our real estate monetization therefore, we did t have any Land and Development sales in fiscal 2021. 

South America 

Europe 

Asia Pacific 

Total 

76 

WESTROCK COMPANY 
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

South America 

Europe 

Asia Pacific 

Total 

Year Ended September 30, 2019 

(In millions) 

Corrugated Packaging 

Consumer Packaging 

Land and Development 

Intersegment Sales 

Total 

Primary Geographical Markets 

North America 

South America 

Europe 

Asia Pacific 

Total 

Revenue Contract Balances 
 
 Contract assets are rights to consideration in exchange for goods that we have transferred to a customer when that right is conditional on something other than the passage of time. Contract assets are reduced when the control of the goods passes to the customer. Contract liabilities represent obligations to transfer goods or services to a customer for which we have received consideration. Contract liabilities are reduced once control of the goods is transferred to the customer. 

Ending balance - September 30, 2021 

Increase 

Performance Obligations and Significant Judgments 
 
 We primarily derive revenue from fixed consideration. Certain contracts may also include variable consideration, typically in the form of cash discounts and volume rebates. If a contract with a customer includes variable consideration, we estimate the expected cash discounts and other customer refunds based on historical experience. We concluded this method is consistent with the most likely amount method under ASC 606 and allows us to make the best estimate of the consideration we will be entitled to from customers. 
 
 Contracts or purchase orders with customers could include a single type of product or multiple types and grades of products. Regardless, the contract price with the customer is agreed to at the individual product level outlined in the customer contracts or purchase orders. Management has concluded that the prices negotiated with each individual customer are representative of the stand-alone selling price of the product. 
 77 

WESTROCK COMPANY 
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 , we completed the KapStone Acquisition. Effective as of the effective time of the KapStone Acquisition (the Effective Time ), Whiskey Holdco, Inc. changed its name to WestRock Company and WRKCo changed its name to WRKCo Inc. 
 KapStone was a leading North American producer and distributor of containerboard, corrugated products and specialty papers, including liner and medium containerboard, kraft papers and saturating kraft. KapStone also owned Victory Packaging, a packaging solutions distribution company with facilities in the U.S., Canada and Mexico. We have included the financial results of KapStone in our Corrugated Packaging segment since the date of the acquisition. 
 Pursuant to the KapStone Acquisition, at the Effective Time, (a) each issued and outstanding share of common stock, par value per share, of WRKCo was converted into share of common stock, par value per share, of the Company Company common stock and (b) each issued and outstanding share of common stock, par value per share, of KapStone KapStone common stock (other than shares of KapStone common stock owned by (i) KapStone or any of its subsidiaries or (ii) any KapStone stockholder who properly exercised appraisal rights with respect to its shares of KapStone common stock in accordance with Section 262 of the Delaware General Corporation Law) was automatically canceled and converted into the right to receive (1) per share in cash, without interest (the Cash Consideration ), or, at the election of the holder of such share of KapStone common stock, (2) shares of Company common stock (the Stock Consideration and cash in lieu of fractional shares, subject to proration procedures designed to ensure that the Stock Consideration would be received in respect of no more than of the shares of KapStone common stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time (the Maximum Stock Amount ). Each share of KapStone common stock in respect of which a valid election of Stock Consideration was not made by 5:00 p.m. New York City time on September 5, 2018 was converted into the right to receive the Cash Consideration. KapStone stockholders elected to receive Stock Consideration that was less than the Maximum Stock Amount and no proration was required. 
 The consideration for the KapStone Acquisition was billion including debt assumed, a long-term financing obligation and assumed equity awards. As a result, KapStone stockholders received in the aggregate approximately billion in cash and million shares of WestRock common stock with a value of million, or approximately of the issued and outstanding shares of WestRock common stock immediately following the Effective Time. Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, at the Effective Time, the Company assumed any outstanding awards granted under the equity-based incentive plans of WRKCo and KapStone (including the shares underlying such awards), the award agreements evidencing the grants of such awards and, in the case of the WRKCo equity-based incentive plans, the remaining shares available for issuance under the applicable plan, in each case subject to adjustments to such awards in the manner set forth in the Merger Agreement. Included in the consideration was million related to outstanding KapStone equity awards that were replaced with WestRock equity awards with identical terms for pre-combination service. The amount related to post-combination service will be expensed over the remaining service period of the awards. See Note 20. Share-Based Compensation for additional information on the converted awards. 
 78 

WESTROCK COMPANY 
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Current assets, excluding cash and cash equivalents 

Property, plant and equipment, net 

Goodwill 

Intangible assets 

Other long-term assets 

Total assets acquired 

Current portion of debt 

Current liabilities 

Long-term debt due after one year 

Accrued pension and other long-term benefits 

Deferred income taxes 

Other long-term liabilities 

Total liabilities assumed 

Net assets acquired 

(1) 

(2) 

The fair value assigned to goodwill is primarily attributable to buyer-specific synergies expected to arise after the KapStone Acquisition (e.g., enhanced geographic reach of the combined organization, increased vertical integration and other synergistic opportunities) and the assembled work force of KapStone, as well as from establishing deferred tax liabilities for the assets and liabilities acquired. The goodwill and intangible assets resulting from the acquisition are not amortizable for tax purposes. 

Trademarks and tradenames 

16.9 

Favorable contracts 

6.0 

Total 

11.9 

None of the intangible assets have significant residual value. The intangible assets are expected to be amortized over estimated useful lives ranging from to based on the approximate pattern in which the economic benefits are consumed or straight-line if the pattern was not reliably determinable. 
 Grupo Gondi Investment 
 On , we completed the formation of a joint venture with Grupo Gondi in Mexico. We contributed million in cash and the stock of an entity that owns corrugated packaging facilities in Mexico in return 
 79 

WESTROCK COMPANY 
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 ownership interest in the joint venture together with future put and call options. The investment was valued at approximately billion. On October 20, 2017, we increased our ownership interest in Grupo Gondi in Mexico (the Joint Venture from to through a million capital contribution, which followed the joint venture entity having a stock redemption from a minority partner in April 2017 that increased our ownership interest to approximately . The October 2017 capital contribution was used to support the joint venture s capital expansion plans, which include a containerboard mill and several converting plants. 
 In connection with the investment in the Joint Venture, we entered into an option agreement pursuant to which we and certain other shareholders of the Joint Venture (the Partners agreed to future put and call options with respect to the equity interests in the Joint Venture held by each party. Pursuant to the option agreement, the Partners had the right on April 1, 2020 to sell us up to of the equity interest in the Joint Venture at fair market value. The Partners did not exercise this right. Pursuant to the option agreement, between October 1, 2020 and April 1, 2021, we had the right to exercise a right to purchase an additional equity interest in the Joint Venture from the Partners at a predetermined purchase price. equity interest at a predetermined price between October 1, 2021 and April 1, 2022. At any time after April 1, 2022, we may elect to sell, and upon such election our joint venture partners will be obligated to buy, all of our equity interest at a price as determined under the provisions of the agreement. Fiscal 2021 reflects a charge of million associated with not exercising the option to purchase the additional equity interest in Grupo Gondi that was recorded in Other income, net in the second quarter of fiscal 2021. 
 million, million and million for fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. Of these costs, million, million and million were non-cash for fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. These amounts are not comparable since the timing and scope of the individual actions associated with each restructuring, acquisition, integration or divestiture vary. We present our restructuring and other costs in more detail below. 

Other 

Restructuring and Other Costs 

Restructuring 
 Our restructuring charges are primarily associated with restructuring portions of our operations (i.e., partial or complete plant closures). A partial plant closure may consist of shutting down a machine and/or a workforce reduction. We generally incur various reduction in workforce actions, plant closure activities, impairment costs and certain lease terminations in each fiscal year. In fiscal 2021, our restructuring charges also included an impairment of assets and a gain on lease termination associated with our Richmond, VA regional office (in Corporate). In fiscal 2020, our restructuring charges also included those associated with reducing the capacity of our Consumer mill system with the announced shutdown of an SBS machine at our Evadale, TX mill and employee costs due to merger and acquisition-related workforce reductions and voluntary retirement programs in fiscal 2019 and 2020. In fiscal 2019, charges also included those associated with reducing the linerboard capacity of our Corrugated mill system related to the announced shutdown of a machine at our North Charleston, SC mill. In addition, in fiscal 2019, we began recording charges in our Corrugated Packaging segment associated with the replacement of three paper machines at our Florence, SC mill with a new one. 
 When we close a facility, if necessary, we recognize a write-down to reduce the carrying value of related property, plant and equipment and lease ROU assets to their fair value and record charges for severance and other employee-related costs. We reduce the carrying value of the assets classified as held for sale to their estimated fair value less cost to sell. Any subsequent change in fair value less cost to sell prior to disposition is recognized as it is 
 80 

WESTROCK COMPANY 
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Severance and other employee costs 

Equipment and inventory relocation costs 

Facility carrying costs 

Other costs 

Restructuring total 

Consumer Packaging 

Net property, plant and equipment costs 

Severance and other employee costs 

Equipment and inventory relocation costs 

Facility carrying costs 

Other costs 

Restructuring total 

Land and Development 

Net property, plant and equipment costs 

Severance and other employee costs 

Other costs 

Restructuring total 

Corporate 

Net property, plant and equipment costs 

Severance and other employee costs 

Other costs 

Restructuring total 

Total 

Net property, plant and equipment costs 

Severance and other employee costs 

Equipment and inventory relocation costs 

Facility carrying costs 

Other costs 

Restructuring total 

81 

WESTROCK COMPANY 
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 
 We have defined Net property, plant and equipment costs as used in this Note 4 as property, plant and equipment write-downs, subsequent adjustments to fair value for assets classified as held for sale, subsequent (gains) or losses on sales of property, plant and equipment and related parts and supplies on such assets, if any. 
 Other Costs 
 Our other costs consist of acquisition, integration and divestiture costs. We incur costs when we acquire or divest businesses. Acquisition costs include costs associated with transactions, whether consummated or not, such as advisory, legal, accounting, valuation and other professional or consulting fees, as well as potential litigation costs associated with those activities. We incur integration costs pre- and post-acquisition that reflect work being performed to facilitate merger and acquisition integration, such as work associated with information systems and other projects including spending to support future acquisitions, and primarily consist of professional services and labor. Divestiture costs consist primarily of similar professional fees. We consider acquisition, integration and divestiture costs to be Corporate costs regardless of the segment or segments involved in the transaction. 

Integration costs 

Divestiture costs 

Other total 

Additional accruals 

Payments 

Adjustment to accruals 

Foreign currency rate changes and other 

Accrual at end of fiscal year 

Reconciliation of accruals and charges to restructuring and other costs (in millions): 

2021 

2020 

2019 

Additional accruals and adjustments to accruals 
 (see table above) 

Acquisition costs 

Integration costs 

Divestiture costs 

Net property, plant and equipment 

Severance and other employee costs 

Equipment and inventory relocation costs 

Facility carrying costs 

Other costs (1) 

Total restructuring and other costs, net 

(1) 

82 

WESTROCK COMPANY 
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Fixed income investments 

Short-term investments 

Other investments 

Total 

Our asset allocations by asset category at September 30 were as follows: 

Pension Plans 

2021 

2020 

U.S. Plans 

Non-U.S. 
 Plans 

U.S. Plans 

Non-U.S. 
 Plans 

Equity investments 

Fixed income investments 

Short-term investments 

Other investments 

Total 

We manage our retirement plans in accordance with the provisions of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder as well as applicable legislation in Canada and other foreign countries. Our investment policy objectives include maximizing long-term returns at 
 83 

WESTROCK COMPANY 
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 million to our U.S. and non-U.S. pension plans in fiscal 2022. However, it is possible that our assumptions or legislation may change, actual market performance may vary or we may decide to contribute a different amount. Therefore, the amount we contribute may vary materially. The expense for MEPPs for collective bargaining employees generally equals the contributions for these plans, excluding estimated accruals for withdrawal liabilities or adjustments to those accruals. 

Interest crediting rate 

N/A 

N/A 

Rate of compensation increase 

At September 30, 2021, the discount rate for the U.S. pension plans was determined based on the yield on a theoretical portfolio of high-grade corporate bonds, and the discount rate for the non-U.S. plans was determined based on a yield curve developed by our actuary. The theoretical portfolio of high-grade corporate bonds used to select the September 30, 2021 discount rate for the U.S. pension plans includes bonds generally rated Aa- or better with at least million outstanding par value and bonds that are non-callable (unless the bonds possess a make whole feature). The theoretical portfolio of bonds has cash flows that generally match our expected benefit payments in future years. 
 Our assumption regarding the future rate of compensation increases is reviewed periodically and is based on both our internal planning projections and recent history of actual compensation increases. 
 We typically review our expected long-term rate of return on plan assets periodically through an asset allocation study with either our actuary or investment advisor. In fiscal 2022, our expected rate of return used to determine net periodic benefit cost is for our U.S. plans and for our non-U.S. plans. Our expected rates of return in fiscal 2022 are based on an analysis of our long-term expected rate of return and our current asset allocation. 
 In December 2019, the USW ratified a new master agreement that applies to substantially all of our U.S. facilities represented by the USW. The agreement has a four-year term and covers a number of specific items, including wages, medical coverage and certain other benefit programs, substance abuse testing, and safety. Individual facilities will continue to have local agreements for subjects not covered by the master agreement and those agreements will continue to have staggered terms. The master agreement permits us to apply its terms to USW employees who work at facilities we acquire during the term of the agreement, including most former MeadWestvaco Corporation, KapStone and other acquired facilities. 
 84 

WESTROCK COMPANY 
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Service cost 

Interest cost 

Amendments 

Actuarial loss (gain) 

Plan participant contributions 

Benefits paid 

Curtailments 

Settlements 

Foreign currency rate changes 

Benefit obligation at end of fiscal year 

Change in plan assets: 

Fair value of plan assets at beginning of fiscal year 

Actual gain on plan assets 

Employer contributions 

Plan participant contributions 

Benefits paid 

Settlements 

Foreign currency rate changes 

Fair value of plan assets at end of fiscal year 

Funded status 

Amounts recognized in the Consolidated Balance 
 Sheets: 

Prepaid pension asset 

Other current liabilities 

Pension liabilities, net of current portion 

Over (under) funded status at end of fiscal year 

The actuarial loss (gain) in the change in benefit obligation for the U.S. Plans and Non-U.S. Plans are generally driven by a change in discount rates and to a lesser degree the rate of compensation change in the Non-US. Plans. 
 
 Certain U.S. plans have benefit obligations in excess of plan assets. These plans, which consist primarily of non-qualified plans, have aggregate projected benefit obligations of million, aggregate accumulated benefit obligations of million, and aggregate fair value of plan assets of million at September 30, 2021. Our qualified U.S. plans were in a net overfunded position at September 30, 2021. 
 The accumulated benefit obligation of U.S. and non-U.S. pension plans was million and million at September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 85 

WESTROCK COMPANY 
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Prior service cost 

Total accumulated other comprehensive loss 

Amortization and settlement recognition of net actuarial loss 

Prior service cost arising during period 

Amortization of prior service cost 

Net other comprehensive (income) loss recognized 

Interest cost 

Expected return on plan assets 

Amortization of net actuarial loss 

Amortization of prior service cost 

Curtailment loss 

Settlement loss (gain) 

Company defined benefit plan income 

Multiemployer and other plans 

Net pension income 

The Multiemployer and other plans line in the table above excludes the estimated withdrawal liabilities recorded. See Note 5. Retirement Plans Multiemployer Plans for additional information. 
 
 The Consolidated Statements of Operations line item Pension and other postretirement non-service income is equal to the non-service elements of our Company defined benefit plan income and our Net postretirement cost outlined in this note. 
 
 86 

WESTROCK COMPANY 
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Interest crediting rate 

N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

Rate of compensation increase 

Expected long-term rate of return on 
 plan assets 

For our U.S. pension and postretirement plans, we considered the mortality tables and improvement scales published by the Society of Actuaries and evaluated our specific mortality experience to establish mortality assumptions. Based on our experience and in consultation with our actuaries, for fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019 we utilized the base Pri-2012 mortality tables with specific gender and job classification increases applied for fiscal 2021 ranging from to , for fiscal 2020 ranging from to and for fiscal 2019 to . 
 For our Canadian pension and postretirement plans, we utilized the 2014 Private Sector Canadian Pensioners Mortality Table adjusted to reflect industry and our mortality experience for fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019. As of September 30, 2021, these adjustment factors were updated to reflect the most recent mortality experience. 

Fiscal 2023 

Fiscal 2024 

Fiscal 2025 

Fiscal 2026 

Fiscal Years 2027 2031 

87 

WESTROCK COMPANY 
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Non-U.S. equities (1) 

Fixed income securities: 

U.S. government securities (2) 

Non-U.S. government securities (3) 

U.S. corporate bonds (3) 

Non-U.S. corporate bonds (3) 

Other fixed income (4) 

Short-term investments (5) 

Benefit plan assets measured in the fair value hierarchy 

Assets measured at NAV (6) 

Total benefit plan assets 

Non-U.S. equities (1) 

Fixed income securities: 

U.S. government securities (2) 

Non-U.S. government securities (3) 

U.S. corporate bonds (3) 

Non-U.S. corporate bonds (3) 

Other fixed income (4) 

Short-term investments (5) 

Benefit plan assets measured in the fair value hierarchy 

Assets measured at NAV (6) 

Total benefit plan assets 

. 

(2) 
 
 . 

(3) 
 
 . 
 
 88 

WESTROCK COMPANY 
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 . 

(5) 
 
 /unit, which approximates fair value. Amounts are generally invested in interest-bearing accounts . 

(6) 
 
 . 

Monthly 

Up to 30 days 

Commingled funds, private equity, private real 
 estate investments, and equity related 
 investments (2) 

Monthly 

Up to 60 days 

Fixed income and fixed income related 
 instruments (3) 

Monthly 

Up to 10 days 

September 30, 2020 

Hedge funds (1) 

Monthly 

Up to 30 days 

Commingled funds, private equity, private real 
 estate investments, and equity related 
 investments (2) 

Monthly 

Up to 60 days 

Fixed income and fixed income related 
 instruments (3) 

Monthly 

Up to 10 days 

(1) 

(2) 

(3) 

We maintain holdings in certain private equity partnerships and private real estate investments for which a liquid secondary market does not exist. The private equity partnerships are commingled investments. Valuation techniques, such as discounted cash flow and market based comparable analyses, are used to determine fair value of the private equity investments. Unobservable inputs used for the discounted cash flow technique include projected future cash flows and the discount rate used to calculate present value. Unobservable inputs used for the market-based comparisons technique include earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization multiples in other comparable third-party transactions, price to earnings ratios, liquidity, current operating results, as well as input from general partners and other pertinent information. Private equity investments have been valued using NAV as a practical expedient. 
 Private real estate investments are commingled investments. Valuation techniques, such as discounted cash flow and market based comparable analyses, are used to determine fair value of the private equity investments. Unobservable inputs used for the discounted cash flow technique include projected future cash flows and the discount rate used to calculate present value. Unobservable inputs used for the market-based comparison technique include a combination of third-party appraisals, replacement cost, and comparable market prices. Private real estate investments have been valued using NAV as a practical expedient. 
 89 

WESTROCK COMPANY 
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Service cost 

Interest cost 

Amendments 

Actuarial gain 

Benefits paid 

Foreign currency rate changes 

Benefit obligation at end of fiscal year 

Change in plan assets: 

Fair value of plan assets at beginning of fiscal year 

Employer contributions 

Benefits paid 

Fair value of plan assets at end of fiscal year 

Underfunded Status 

Amounts recognized in the Consolidated Balance Sheets: 

Other current liabilities 

Postretirement benefit liabilities, net of current portion 

Underfunded status at end of fiscal year 

90 

WESTROCK COMPANY 
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Prior service (credit) cost 

Total accumulated other comprehensive (income) loss 

Amortization and settlement recognition of net actuarial 
 gain (loss) 

Prior service cost arising during period 

Amortization or curtailment recognition of prior service credit 

Net other comprehensive (income) loss recognized 

Interest cost 

Amortization of net actuarial (gain) loss 

Amortization of prior service credit 

Net postretirement cost 

Rate to which the cost trend rate is assumed to decline (the ultimate 
 trend rate) 

Year the rate reaches the ultimate trend rate 

Non-U.S. Plans 

Health care cost trend rate assumed for next year 

Rate to which the cost trend rate is assumed to decline (the ultimate 
 trend rate) 

Year the rate reaches the ultimate trend rate 

91 

WESTROCK COMPANY 
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Rate of compensation increase 

N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

Fiscal 2023 

Fiscal 2024 

Fiscal 2025 

Fiscal 2026 

Fiscal Years 2027 2031 

Multiemployer Plans 
 We participate in several MEPPs that provide retirement benefits to certain union employees in accordance with various CBAs. The risks of participating in MEPPs are different from the risks of participating in single-employer pension plans. These risks include (i) assets contributed to a MEPP by one employer are used to provide benefits to employees of all participating employers, (ii) if a participating employer withdraws from a MEPP, the unfunded obligations of the MEPP allocable to such withdrawing employer may be borne by the remaining participating employers, and (iii) if we withdraw from a MEPP, we may be required to pay that plan an amount based on our allocable share of the unfunded vested benefits of the plan, referred to as a withdrawal liability, as well as a share of the MEPP s accumulated funding deficiency. 
 Our contributions to a particular MEPP are established by the applicable CBAs however, our required contributions may increase based on the funded status of a MEPP and legal requirements, such as those set forth in the Pension Act, which requires substantially underfunded MEPPs to implement a FIP or a RP to improve their funded status. Contributions to MEPPs are individually and in the aggregate not significant. 
 In the normal course of business, we evaluate our potential exposure to MEPPs, including with respect to potential withdrawal liabilities. In fiscal 2018, we submitted formal notification to withdraw from PIUMPF and Central States, and recorded estimated withdrawal liabilities for each. The PIUMPF estimated withdrawal liability assumed both a payment for withdrawal liability and for our proportionate share of PIUMPF s accumulated funding deficiency. The estimated withdrawal liability excludes the potential impact of a future mass withdrawal of other employers from PIUMPF, which was not considered probable or reasonably estimable and was discounted at a credit adjusted risk free rate. Subsequently, we continued to refine the estimate of the withdrawal liability, the impact of which was not significant. It is reasonably possible that we may incur withdrawal liabilities with respect to certain other MEPPs in connection with such withdrawals. Our estimate of any such withdrawal liability, both individually and in the aggregate, is not material for the remaining plans in which we participate. 
 In September 2019, we received a demand from PIUMPF asserting that we owe million on an undiscounted basis (approximately million per month for the next years) with respect to our withdrawal liability. The initial demand did not address any assertion of liability for PIUMPF s accumulated funding deficiency. In October 2019, we received additional demand letters from PIUMPF related to a subsidiary of ours asserting that we owe million on an undiscounted basis to be paid over years with respect to the subsidiary s withdrawal liability and million for its accumulated funding deficiency. We received an updated demand letter decreasing the accumulated funding deficiency demand from million to million in April 2020. In February 2020, we received a demand letter from PIUMPF asserting that we owe million for our pro-rata share of PIUMPF s accumulated funding deficiency, including interest. We dispute the PIUMPF accumulated funding deficiency 
 92 

WESTROCK COMPANY 
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 million per month for years for these withdrawal liabilities in fiscal 2020, excluding the accumulated funding deficiency demands. 
 In July 2021, PIUMPF filed suit against us in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of Georgia claiming the right to recover our pro rata share of the pension fund s accumulated funding deficiency. We believe we are adequately reserved for this matter. 
 At September 30, 2021 and September 30, 2020, we had withdrawal liabilities recorded of million and million, respectively including liabilities associated with PIUMPF s accumulated funding deficiency demands. 
 With respect to certain other MEPPs, in the event we withdraw from one or more of the MEPPs in the future, it is reasonably possible that we may incur withdrawal liabilities in connection with such withdrawals. Our estimate of any such withdrawal liabilities, both individually and in the aggregate, are not material for the remaining plans in which we participate. 
 Approximately of our employees are covered by CBAs in the U.S. and Canada, of which approximately are covered by CBAs that expire within one year and another are covered by CBAs that have expired. 
 Defined Contribution Plans 
 We have 401(k) and other defined contribution plans that cover certain of our U.S., Canadian and other non-U.S. salaried union and nonunion hourly employees, generally subject to an initial waiting period. The 401(k) and other defined contribution plans permit participants to make contributions by salary reduction pursuant to Section 401(k) of the Internal Revenue Code, or the taxing authority in the jurisdiction in which they operate. Due primarily to acquisitions, CBAs and other non-U.S. defined contribution programs, we have plans with varied terms. At September 30, 2021, our contributions may be up to for U.S. salaried and non-union hourly employees, consisting of a match of up to and an automatic employer contribution of . Certain other employees who receive accruals under a defined benefit pension plan, certain employees covered by CBAs and non-U.S. defined contribution programs receive generally up to a to contribution to their 401(k) plan or defined contribution plan. During fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019, we recorded expense of million, million and million, respectively, related to employer contributions to the 401(k) plans and other defined contribution plans, including the automatic employer contribution. In connection with the WestRock Pandemic Action Plan, we began funding our matching contributions to the WestRock Company 401(k) Retirement Savings Plan in Common Stock effective July 1, 2020 and ending September 30, 2021 (final period funded in October 2021) . 
 Supplemental Retirement Plans 
 We have Supplemental Plans that are nonqualified deferred compensation plans. We intend to provide participants with an opportunity to supplement their retirement income through deferral of current compensation. Amounts deferred and payable under the Supplemental Plans are our unsecured obligations and rank equally with our other unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness outstanding. Participants accounts are credited with investment gains and losses under the Supplemental Plans in accordance with the participant s investment election or elections (or default election or elections) as in effect from time to time. At September 30, 2021, the Supplemental Plans had assets totaling million that are recorded at market value, and liabilities of million. The investment alternatives available under the Supplemental Plans are generally similar to investment alternatives available under 401(k) plans. The amount of expense we recorded for the current fiscal year and the preceding two fiscal years was not significant. 
 93 

WESTROCK COMPANY 
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Foreign 

Income (loss) before income taxes 

Impacts of the Tax Act 
 
 On December 22, 2017, the U.S. enacted comprehensive tax legislation, commonly referred to as the Tax Act. The Tax Act contained significant changes to corporate taxation, including (i) the reduction of the corporate income tax rate to , (ii) the acceleration of expensing for certain business assets, (iii) the one-time transition tax related to the transition of U.S. international tax from a worldwide tax system to a territorial tax system, (iv) the repeal of the domestic production deduction, (v) additional limitations on the deductibility of interest expense, and (vi) expanded limitations on executive compensation. In conjunction with guidance set forth under SAB 118 pertaining to the Tax Act, we recorded provisional amounts both for the impact of remeasurement on our U.S. net deferred tax liabilities to the new U.S. statutory rate of and for the mandatory transition tax on unrepatriated foreign earnings during fiscal 2018. During the first quarter of fiscal 2019, we completed the accounting for the income tax effect related to the Tax Act and made the following adjustments to the provisional amounts: (i) a million tax expense from the true up and revaluation of deferred tax assets and liabilities to reflect the new tax rate and (ii) an additional million tax expense, as a result of the refinement to the transition tax provisional liability. We have reclassified the transition tax liability for financial statement purposes to a reserve for uncertain tax position due to uncertainty in the realizability of certain foreign earnings and profits deficits. During the third quarter of fiscal 2020, we reduced our transition tax reserve by million based on adjustments to expected post-1986 deferred foreign income as of the transition tax date. 
 
 Beginning in fiscal 2019, we were subject to several provisions of the Tax Act, including computations under Global Intangible Low Taxed Income GILTI ), Foreign Derived Intangible Income FDII ), Base Erosion and Anti-Abuse Tax BEAT ), and IRC Section 163(j) interest limitation Interest Limitation rules. We recorded the immaterial tax impact of FDII in our effective tax rate for fiscal 2020. For the BEAT computation, we did not record any amount in our effective tax rate for fiscal 2020 because this provision of the Tax Act did not impact tax expense for the fiscal year. 
 
 As part of the enacted Tax Act, GILTI provisions were introduced that would impose a tax on foreign income in excess of a deemed return on tangible assets of foreign corporations. In January 2018, the FASB issued a question-and-answer document, stating that either accounting for deferred taxes related to GILTI inclusions or treating any taxes on GILTI inclusions as period costs are both acceptable methods subject to an accounting policy election. The GILTI provisions did not take effect for WestRock until fiscal 2019, and the Company has elected to treat any potential GILTI inclusions as a period cost during the year incurred. 
 94 

WESTROCK COMPANY 
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

State 

Foreign 

Total current expense 

Deferred income taxes: 

Federal 

State 

Foreign 

Total deferred (benefit) expense 

Total income tax expense 

During fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019, cash paid for income taxes, net of refunds, were million, million and million, respectively. 

Foreign rate differential 

Adjustment and resolution of federal, state and foreign tax 
 uncertainties 

State taxes, net of federal benefit 

Excess tax benefit related to stock compensation 

Research and development and other tax credits, net of 
 reserves 

Income attributable to noncontrolling interest 

Change in valuation allowance 

Nondeductible transaction costs 

Goodwill impairment 

Nontaxable increased cash surrender value 

Withholding taxes 

FDII 

Deferred rate change 

Brazilian net worth deduction 

Other, net 

Effective tax rate 

95 

WESTROCK COMPANY 
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Employee related accruals and allowances 

Pension 

State net operating loss carryforwards, net of federal benefit 

State credit carryforwards, net of federal benefit 

Federal and foreign net operating loss carryforwards 

Restricted stock and options 

Lease liabilities 

Other 

Total 

Deferred income tax liabilities: 

Property, plant and equipment 

Deductible intangibles and goodwill 

Inventory reserves 

Deferred gain 

Basis difference in joint ventures 

Pension 

Right-of-use assets 

Total 

Valuation allowances 

Net deferred income tax liability 

Long-term deferred tax liability 

Net deferred income tax liability 

(1) 

At September 30, 2021 and September 30, 2020, we had gross U.S. federal net operating losses of approximately million and million, respectively. These loss carryforwards generally expire between fiscal 2031 and 2038. 
 At September 30, 2021 and September 30, 2020, we had gross state and local net operating losses, of approximately million and million, respectively. These loss carryforwards generally expire between fiscal 2022 and 2040. The tax effected values of these net operating losses are million and million at September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively, exclusive of valuation allowances of million and million at September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 At September 30, 2021 and September 30, 2020, gross net operating losses for foreign reporting purposes of approximately million and million, respectively, were available for carryforward. A majority of these loss carryforwards generally expire between fiscal 2022 and 2040, while a portion have an indefinite carryforward. The tax effected values of these net operating losses are million and million at September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively, exclusive of valuation allowances of million and million at September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 96 

WESTROCK COMPANY 
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 million and million, respectively. These state tax credit carryforwards generally expire within 5 to years however, certain state credits can be carried forward indefinitely. Valuation allowances of million and million at September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively, have been provided on these assets. These valuation allowances have been recorded due to uncertainty regarding our ability to generate sufficient taxable income in the appropriate taxing jurisdiction. 

Increases 

Allowances related to acquisition accounting (1) 

Reductions 

Balance at end of fiscal year 

(1) 

Consistent with prior years, we consider a portion of our earnings from certain foreign subsidiaries as subject to repatriation and we provide for taxes accordingly. However, we consider the unremitted earnings and all other outside basis differences from all other foreign subsidiaries to be indefinitely reinvested. Accordingly, we have not provided for any taxes that would be due. 
 As of September 30, 2021, we estimate our outside basis difference in foreign subsidiaries that are considered indefinitely reinvested to be approximately billion. The components of the outside basis difference are comprised of acquisition accounting adjustments, undistributed earnings, and equity components. In the event of a distribution in the form of dividends or dispositions of the subsidiaries, we may be subject to incremental U.S. income taxes, subject to an adjustment for foreign tax credits, and withholding taxes or income taxes payable to the foreign jurisdictions. As of September 30, 2021, the determination of the amount of unrecognized deferred tax liability related to any remaining undistributed foreign earnings not subject to the Transition Tax and additional outside basis differences is not practicable. 

Additions related to purchase accounting (1) 

Additions for tax positions taken in current year (2) 

Additions for tax positions taken in prior fiscal years 

Reductions for tax positions taken in prior fiscal years (2) 

Reductions due to settlement (3) 

Additions (reductions) for currency translation adjustments 

Reductions as a result of a lapse of the applicable statute of 
 limitations 

Balance at end of fiscal year 

(1) 
 
 Amounts in fiscal 2019 relate to the KapStone Acquisition. 

(2) 

(3) 

97 

WESTROCK COMPANY 
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 
 As of September 30, 2021 and 2020, the total amount of unrecognized tax benefits was approximately million and million, respectively, exclusive of interest and penalties. Of these balances, as of September 30, 2021 and 2020, if we were to prevail on all unrecognized tax benefits recorded, approximately million and million, respectively, would benefit the effective tax rate. We regularly evaluate, assess and adjust the related liabilities in light of changing facts and circumstances, which could cause the effective tax rate to fluctuate from period to period. Resolution of the uncertain tax positions could have a material adverse effect on our cash flows or materially benefit our results of operations in future periods depending upon their ultimate resolution. See Note 17. Commitments and Contingencie s Brazil Tax Liability . 
 As of September 30, 2021 and 2020, we had liabilities of million and million, respectively, related to estimated interest and penalties for unrecognized tax benefits. Our results of operations for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019 include expense of million, million and million, respectively, net of indirect benefits, related to estimated interest and penalties with respect to the liability for unrecognized tax benefits. As of September 30, 2021, it is reasonably possible that our unrecognized tax benefits will decrease by up to million in the next twelve months due to expiration of various statutes of limitations and settlement of issues. 
 We file federal, state and local income tax returns in the U.S. and various foreign jurisdictions. With few exceptions, we are no longer subject to U.S. federal income tax examinations by tax authorities for years prior to fiscal 2017 and state and local income tax examinations by tax authorities for years prior to fiscal 2010. We are no longer subject to non-U.S. income tax examinations by tax authorities for years prior to fiscal 2009, except for Brazil for which we are not subject to tax examinations for years prior to 2006. While we believe our tax positions are appropriate, they are subject to audit or other modifications and there can be no assurance that any modifications will not materially and adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition or cash flows. 
 reportable segments: Corrugated Packaging, which consists of our containerboard mills, corrugated packaging and distribution operations, as well as our merchandising displays and recycling procurement operations and Consumer Packaging, which consists of our consumer mills, food and beverage and partition operations. Prior to the completion of our monetization program in fiscal 2020, we had a third reportable segment, Land and Development, which previously sold real estate, primarily in the Charleston, SC region. Certain income and expenses are not allocated to our segments and, thus, the information that management uses to make operating decisions and assess performance does not reflect such amounts. Items not allocated are reported as non-allocated expenses or in other line items in the selected operating data table below after segment income. 
 In the first quarter of fiscal 2022, we expect to realign our segments and will disclose three reportable segments: Packaging, which will consist of our converting operations and associated integrated profit from our mill system Paper, which will consist of third-party paper sales and associated profit from our mill system and Distribution, which will consist of our distribution business combined with our merchandising display assembly operations. 
 Some of our operations included in the segments are located in locations such as Canada, Mexico, South America, Europe, Asia and Australia 

Foreign segment income 

Foreign long-lived assets 

Foreign operations as a percent of consolidated operations: 

Foreign net sales to unaffiliated customers 

Foreign segment income 

Foreign long-lived assets 

98 

WESTROCK COMPANY 
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 
 We evaluate performance and allocate resources based, in part, on profit from operations before income taxes, interest and other items. The accounting policies of the reportable segments are the same as those described in Note 1. Description of Business and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies . We account for intersegment sales at prices that approximate market prices. For segment reporting purposes, we include our equity in income of unconsolidated entities in segment income, as well the related investments in segment identifiable assets. Equity in income of unconsolidated entities is not material and we disclose our investments in unconsolidated entities below. 

Consumer Packaging 

Land and Development 

Total 

Less net sales (intersegment): 

Corrugated Packaging 

Consumer Packaging 

Total 

Net sales (unaffiliated customers): 

Corrugated Packaging 

Consumer Packaging 

Land and Development 

Total 

Segment income: 

Corrugated Packaging 

Consumer Packaging 

Land and Development 

Segment income 

Gain on sale of certain closed facilities 

Multiemployer pension withdrawal income 

Land and Development impairments 

Restructuring and other costs 

Goodwill impairment 

Non-allocated expenses 

Interest expense, net 

Loss on extinguishment of debt 

Other income, net 

Income (loss) before income taxes 

Consumer Packaging 

Corporate 

Total 

In October 2018, our containerboard and pulp mill located in Panama City, FL sustained extensive damage from Hurricane Michael. In fiscal 2019, we received million of Hurricane Michael-related insurance proceeds that were recorded as a reduction of cost of goods sold in our Corrugated Packaging segment. The 
 99 

WESTROCK COMPANY 
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 million for business interruption recoveries and million for direct costs and property damage. Our Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows in fiscal 2019 included million in n et cash provided by operating activities and million in net cash used for investing activities. In fiscal 2020, we received the remaining Hurricane Michael-related insurance proceeds of million, that were recorded as a reduction of cost of goods sold in our Corrugated Packaging segment. The insurance proceeds consisted of million of business interruption recoveries and million for direct costs and property damage. Our Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for fiscal 2020 included million in net cash provided by operating activities and million of cash proceeds included in net cash used for investing activities related to Hurricane Michael. In addition, we had other minor amounts for various claims that were recorded as a reduction of cost of goods sold across our segments. 
 Corrugated Packaging segment income in fiscal 2019 was reduced by million of expense for inventory stepped-up in purchase accounting, net of related LIFO impact. 

Consumer Packaging 

Land and Development 

Assets held for sale 

Corporate 

Total 

Goodwill: 

Corrugated Packaging 

Consumer Packaging 

Total 

Intangibles, net: 

Corrugated Packaging 

Consumer Packaging 

Total 

Capital expenditures: 

Corrugated Packaging 

Consumer Packaging 

Corporate 

Total 

Equity method investments: 

Corrugated Packaging 

Consumer Packaging 

Corporate 

Total 

The Corrugated Packaging segment s equity method investments primarily relate to the Grupo Gondi investment. Equity method investments are included in the Consolidated Balance Sheets in Other assets. The investment in Grupo Gondi that in fiscal 2021 and 2020 exceeds our proportionate share of the underlying equity in net assets by approximately million and million, respectively. Approximately million and million remains amortizable to expense in Equity in income of unconsolidated entities over the estimated life of the underlying assets ranging from to beginning with our investment in fiscal 2016. The Gondi investment is denominated in Mexican Pesos. 
 100 

WESTROCK COMPANY 
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Accumulated impairment losses 

Goodwill acquired 

Purchase price allocation adjustments 

Translation and other adjustments 

Balance as of September 30, 2019 

Goodwill 

Accumulated impairment losses 

Goodwill impairment 

Goodwill disposed of 

Purchase price allocation adjustments 

Translation adjustments 

Balance as of September 30, 2020 

Goodwill 

Accumulated impairment losses 

Goodwill disposed of 

Translation adjustments 

Balance as of September 30, 2021 

Goodwill 

Accumulated impairment losses 

During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2020, we recorded a million pre-tax non-cash goodwill impairment of our Consumer Packaging reporting unit. The impairment was driven by the expected lower volumes and cash flows related to certain external SBS end markets, including commercial print, tobacco and plate and cup stock markets. We had experienced significant declines in demand for those products that we believed were more systemic and our view of related growth and earnings opportunities had been diminished. 
 
 During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2021, we completed our annual goodwill impairment testing. Each of our reporting units had fair values that exceeded their respective carrying values by more than each. See Note 1. Description of Business and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies Goodwill and Long-Lived Assets for a discussion of our fiscal 2021 impairment test. 
 
 The goodwill acquired in fiscal 2019 primarily related to the KapStone Acquisition in the Corrugated Packaging segment. 

Interest income 

Interest expense, net 

101 

WESTROCK COMPANY 
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 million, million and million were made during fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. 
 During fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019, we capitalized interest of million, million and million, respectively. 

Raw materials 

Supplies and spare parts 

Inventories at FIFO cost 

LIFO reserve 

Net inventories 

It is impracticable to segregate the LIFO reserve between raw materials, finished goods and work in process. In fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019, we reduced inventory quantities in some of our LIFO pools. These reductions result in liquidations of LIFO inventory quantities generally carried at lower costs prevailing in prior years as compared with the cost of the purchases in the respective fiscal years, the effect of which typically decreases cost of goods sold. Alternatively, higher costs prevailing in prior years increases costs of goods sold. The impact of the liquidations in fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019 was not significant. 
 
 In fiscal 2021, we experienced higher inventory costs primarily due to inflation, the effect of which increased cost of goods sold and our LIFO reserve by million. 

Machinery and equipment 

Forestlands and mineral rights 

Transportation equipment 

Leasehold improvements 

Less: accumulated depreciation, depletion and amortization 

Property, plant and equipment, net 

Depreciation expense for fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019 was million, million and million, respectively. Non-cash additions to property, plant and equipment at September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019 were million, million and million, respectively. 
 
 102 

WESTROCK COMPANY 
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Trademarks and tradenames 

22.0 

Favorable contracts 

Technology and patents 

11.6 

License costs 

10.7 

Non-compete agreements 

2.0 

Other 

29.5 

Total 

15.6 

Fiscal 2023 

Fiscal 2024 

Fiscal 2025 

Fiscal 2026 

Intangible amortization expense was million, million and million during fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. We had other intangible amortization expense, primarily for packaging equipment leased to customers of million, million and million during fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. 
 million associated with not exercising an option to purchase an additional equity interest in Grupo Gondi that was recorded in Other income, net in the second quarter of fiscal 2021. 
 103 

WESTROCK COMPANY 
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 million. The terms of the A/R Sales Agreement limit the balance of receivables sold to the amount available to fund such receivables sold, thereby eliminating the receivable for proceeds from the financial institution at any transfer date. On August 31, 2021, we further amended the A/R Sales Agreement to extend the maturity date to September 16, 2022. Transfers under the A/R Sales Agreement meet the requirements to be accounted for as sales in accordance with guidance in ASC 860, Transfers and Servicing . We also have a similar facility that we entered into on December 4, 2020, that has a million purchase limit, is uncommitted and has a one year term. The customers from these facilities are not included in the Receivables Securitization Facility that is discussed in Note 13. Debt . 

Receivables collected by financial institutions 

Cash proceeds from (payments to) financial institutions 

Receivable from financial institutions at September 30, 

Receivables sold under these accounts receivable sales agreements as of the respective balance sheet dates were approximately million and million as of September 30, 2021 and September 30, 2020, respectively. 
 Cash proceeds related to the receivables sold are included in cash from operating activities in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows in the accounts receivable line item. While the expense recorded in connection with the sale of receivables may vary based on current rates and levels of receivables sold, the expense recorded in connection with the sale of receivables was million, million and million in fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively, and is recorded in Other income, net in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. Although the sales are made without recourse, we maintain continuing involvement with the sold receivables as we provide collections services related to the transferred assets. The associated servicing liability is not material given the high quality of the customers underlying the receivables and the anticipated short collection period. 
 Fair Value of Nonfinancial Assets and Nonfinancial Liabilities 
 As discussed in Note 1. Description of Business and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies , we measure certain nonfinancial assets and nonfinancial liabilities at fair value on a nonrecurring basis. See Note 7. Segment Information for a discussion of a million pre-tax non-cash goodwill impairment of our Consumer Packaging reporting unit recorded in fiscal 2020. See Note 4. Restructuring and Other Costs for impairments associated with restructuring activities including the impairment of a paper machine at our Evadale, TX mill included in the Consumer Packaging segment in fiscal 2020, the impairment of a paper machine at our Charleston, SC mill included in the Corrugated Packaging segment in fiscal 2019 and other such similar items presented as net property, plant and equipment costs . During fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019, we did not have any significant non-goodwill or non-restructuring nonfinancial assets or nonfinancial liabilities that were measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis in periods subsequent to initial recognition other than the million pre-tax 
 104 

WESTROCK COMPANY 
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Public bonds due fiscal 2023 to 2028 

Public bonds due fiscal 2029 to 2033 

Public bonds due fiscal 2037 to 2047 

Term loan facilities 

Revolving credit and swing facilities 

Finance lease obligations 

Vendor financing and commercial card 
 programs 

N/A 

N/A 

International and other debt 

Total debt 

Less: current portion of debt 

Long-term debt due after one year 

On September 10, 2021, we redeemed million aggregate principal amount of our senior notes due March 2022 using cash and cash equivalents and recorded a million loss on extinguishment of debt . 
 
 A portion of the debt classified as long-term may be paid down earlier than scheduled at our discretion without penalty. Certain customary restrictive covenants govern our maximum availability under our credit facilities. We test and report our compliance with these covenants as required and were in compliance with all of our covenants at September 30, 2021. The carrying value of our debt includes the fair value step-up of debt acquired in mergers and acquisitions, and the weighted average interest rate includes the fair value step up. At September 30, 2021, excluding the step-up, the weighted average interest rate on total debt was . At September 30, 2021, the unamortized fair market value step-up was million, which will be amortized over a weighted average remaining life of years. At September 30, 2021, we had million of outstanding letters of credit not drawn upon. At September 30, 2021, we had approximately billion of availability under long-term committed credit facilities and cash and cash equivalents. This liquidity may be used to provide for ongoing working capital needs and for other general corporate purposes including acquisitions, dividends and stock repurchases. The estimated fair value of our debt was approximately billion and billion as of September 30, 2021 and September 30, 2020, respectively. The fair value of our long-term debt is categorized as level 2 within the fair value hierarchy and is primarily either based on quoted prices for those or similar instruments, or approximate their carrying amount, as the variable interest rates reprice frequently at observable current market rates. During fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019, amortization of debt issuance costs charged to interest expense were million, million and million, respectively. 
 105 

WESTROCK COMPANY 
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 billion and billion, respectively. 
 On June 1, 2020, WRKCo issued million aggregate principal amount of its Senior Notes due (the June 2033 Notes in a registered offering pursuant to the Company s automatic shelf registration statement on Form S-3 under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, (the Securities Act ). The June 2033 Notes transaction closed on . The June 2033 Notes are WRKCo s unsecured unsubordinated obligations, ranking equally with all of WRKCo s other existing and future unsubordinated obligations. The June 2033 Notes will be effectively subordinated to any of WRKCo s existing and future secured obligations to the extent of the value of the assets securing such obligations. WestRock Company Parent ), RKT and MWV (MWV together with RKT, the Guarantor Subsidiaries guaranteed WRKCo s obligations under the June 2033 Notes. We may redeem the June 2033 Notes, in whole or in part, at any time at specified redemption prices, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any. The proceeds from the issuance of the June 2033 Notes were primarily used to repay the million principal amount of MWV s notes due June 2020 and reduce outstanding indebtedness under our Receivables Securitization Facility (as defined below) and Revolving Credit Facility (as defined below). 
 On May 16, 2019, WRKCo issued million aggregate principal amount of its Senior Notes due (the June 2028 Notes and million aggregate principal amount of its Senior Notes due (the 2032 Notes and, together with the June 2028 Notes, the May 2019 Notes in a registered offering pursuant to the Company s automatic shelf registration statement on Form S-3 under the Securities Act. The Company and the Guarantor Subsidiaries have guaranteed WRKCo s obligations under the May 2019 Notes. We may redeem the May 2019 Notes, in whole or in part, at any time at specified redemption prices, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any. The proceeds from the issuance of the May 2019 Notes were used primarily to repay million principal amount of outstanding notes that came due in the following several quarters and reduce amounts then outstanding under our 3-year term loan with Wells Fargo, as administrative agent. 
 On December 3, 2018, WRKCo issued million aggregate principal amount of its Senior Notes due (the 2026 Notes and million aggregate principal amount of its Senior Notes due (the 2029 Notes and, together with the 2026 Notes, the December 2018 Notes in an unregistered offering. The Company and the Guarantor Subsidiaries have guaranteed WRKCo s obligations under the December 2018 Notes. We may redeem the December 2018 Notes, in whole or in part, at any time at specified redemption prices, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any. The proceeds from the issuance of the December 2018 Notes were used primarily to prepay a portion of the amounts then outstanding under our term loans with Wells Fargo, as administrative agent. 
 
 Exchanged Notes 
 
 During fiscal 2019, we conducted offers to exchange WRKCo s million aggregate principal amount of Senior Notes due (the 2024 Notes ), million aggregate principal amount of Senior Notes due (the 2025 Notes ), 2026 Notes, million aggregate principal amount of Senior Notes due (the 2027 Notes ), million aggregate principal amount of Senior Notes due (the 2028 Notes and 2029 Notes for new notes of the applicable series with terms substantially identical with the notes of such series that are registered under the Securities Act. As a result of the exchange offer, million in aggregate principal amount of the 2024 Notes, million in aggregate principal amount of the 2025 Notes, million in aggregate principal amount of the 2026 Notes, million in aggregate principal amount of the 2027 Notes, million in aggregate principal amount of the 2028 Notes and million in aggregate principal amount of the 2029 Notes were validly tendered and subsequently exchanged. 
 Revolving Credit Facility 
 On November 21, 2019, we amended our billion unsecured revolving credit facility entered into on July 1, 2015 to, among other things, increase the committed principal to billion, increase the maximum permitted Debt to Capitalization Ratio (as defined in the credit agreement) from :1:00 to :1.00 and extend its maturity date to Revolving Credit Facility ). The facility is unsecured and is guaranteed by the Company and the Guarantor Subsidiaries. The portion of the -year senior unsecured revolving credit facility that may be used to fund borrowings in non-U.S. dollar currencies including Canadian dollars, Euro and British Pounds 
 106 

WESTROCK COMPANY 
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 million to million. Up to million under the Revolving Credit Facility may be used for the issuance of letters of credit. Additionally, we may request up to million of the Revolving Credit Facility to be allocated to a Mexican peso revolving credit facility. At September 30, 2021 and September 30, 2020, we had amounts outstanding under the Revolving Credit Facility. 
 At our option, loans issued under the Revolving Credit Facility will bear interest at either LIBOR or an alternate base rate, in each case plus an applicable interest rate margin. Loans will initially bear interest at LIBOR plus per annum, in the case of LIBOR borrowings, or at the alternate base rate plus per annum, in the alternative, and thereafter the interest rate will fluctuate between LIBOR plus per annum and LIBOR plus per annum (or between the alternate base rate plus per annum and the alternate base rate plus per annum), based upon our corporate credit ratings or the leverage ratio (as defined in the Credit Agreement) (whichever yields a lower applicable interest rate margin) at such time. In addition, we will be required to pay fees that will fluctuate between per annum to per annum on the unused amount of the revolving credit facility, based upon our corporate credit ratings or the leverage ratio (whichever yields a lower fee) at such time. Loans under the Revolving Credit Facility may be prepaid at any time without premium. 
 European Revolving Credit Facility 
 On February 26, 2021, we amended and replaced our existing European revolving credit facility with Co peratieve Rabobank U.A., New York Branch, as administrative agent. The amendments included, among other things, increasing the facility to million while maintaining the incremental million accordion feature. This facility provides for a three-year unsecured U.S. dollar, Euro and British Pound denominated borrowing of not more than million maturing on . At September 30, 2021 , we had borrowed million under this facility and entered into foreign currency exchange contracts of million as an economic hedge for the U.S. dollar denominated borrowing plus interest by a non-U.S. dollar functional currency entity. The net of gains or losses from these foreign currency exchange contracts and the changes in the remeasurement of the U.S. dollar denominated borrowing in our foreign subsidiaries have been immaterial to our Consolidated Statements of Operations. At September 30, 2020, we had borrowed million under the then-existing facility. 
 Receivables Securitization Facility 
 On March 12, 2021, we amended our million receivables securitization agreement (the Receivables Securitization Facility entered into on May 2, 2019 (subsequently amended March 27, 2020) to, among other things, extend its maturity date from to and establish the transition to the Secure Overnight Funding Rate at a future date from a blend of the market rate for asset-backed commercial paper and the one-month LIBOR rate plus a credit spread, and revising certain fees. Borrowing availability under this facility is based on the eligible underlying accounts receivable and compliance with certain covenants. The agreement governing the Receivables Securitization Facility contains restrictions, including, among others, on the creation of certain liens on the underlying collateral. We test and report our compliance with these covenants monthly we were in compliance with all of these covenants at September 30, 2021. The Receivables Securitization Facility includes certain restrictions on what constitutes eligible receivables under the facility and allows for the exclusion of eligible receivables of specific obligors each calendar year subject to the following restrictions: (i) the aggregate of excluded receivables may not exceed of eligible receivables under the Receivables Securitization Facility and (ii) the excluded receivables of each obligor may not exceed of the aggregate outstanding balance. At September 30, 2021 and September 30, 2020 there were amounts outstanding under this facility. At September 30, 2021 and September 30, 2020, maximum available borrowings, excluding amounts outstanding under the Receivables Securitization Facility, were million and million, respectively. The carrying amount of accounts receivable collateralizing the maximum available borrowings at September 30, 2021 and September 30, 2020 were approximately million and million, respectively. We have continuing involvement with the underlying receivables as we provide credit and collections services pursuant to the Receivables Securitization Facility agreement. The current borrowing rate consists of a blend of the market rate for asset-backed commercial paper and the rate plus a credit spread of . The commitment fee was and as of September 30, 2021 and September 30, 2020, respectively. 
 Commercial Paper Program 
 On December 7, 2018, we established a new unsecured commercial paper program with WRKCo as the issuer. Under the new program, we may issue short-term unsecured commercial paper notes in an aggregate principal 
 107 

WESTROCK COMPANY 
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 billion with up to 397-day maturities. The program has no expiration date and can be terminated by either the agent or us with not less than days notice. Our Revolving Credit Facility is intended to backstop the commercial paper program. Amounts available under the program may be borrowed, repaid and re-borrowed from time to time. The net proceeds from issuances of notes under the program were initially used to repay amounts outstanding under the KapStone securitization facility that was assumed in the KapStone Acquisition and subsequently terminated, and have been, and are expected to continue to be, used for general corporate purposes. The new program replaced our then-existing program. At September 30, 2021 and 2020, there was amount outstanding . 
 Term Loans 
 At September 30, 2020, there was million outstanding on the five-year unsecured term loan we entered into with Wells Fargo, as administrative agent, on March 7, 2018. During the first quarter of fiscal 2021, we paid off the term loan primarily using cash on hand. 
 On June 7, 2019, we entered into a million credit agreement providing for a five-year unsecured term loan with Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent. The facility was scheduled to mature on . At September 30, 2020, the outstanding balance of this facility was million. In December 2020 and May 2021, we repaid million and million , respectively, using cash and cash equivalents which resulted in the facility being terminated . 
 On September 27, 2019, one of our wholly-owned subsidiaries, WestRock Southeast, LLC, entered into a credit agreement (the Farm Loan Credit Agreement with CoBank ACB, as administrative agent, that replaced our then-existing facility. The Farm Loan Credit Agreement provides for a seven-year senior unsecured term loan in an aggregate principal amount of million (the Farm Loan Credit Facility ). At any time, we may increase the principal amount by up to million by written notice. The Farm Loan Credit Facility is guaranteed by the Guarantor Subsidiaries . The carrying value of this facility at September 30, 2021 and September 30, 2020 was million and million, respectively. 
 Brazil Export Credit Note 
 On January 18, 2021, we entered into a credit agreement to provide for R million of a senior unsecured term loan of WestRock Celulose, Papel E Embalagens Ltda. (a subsidiary of the Company), as borrower, and the Company, as guarantor. The outstanding amount of the principal will be repaid in equal, semiannual installments beginning on until the facility matures on . The proceeds of the facility are to be used to support the production of goods or acquisition of inputs that are essential or ancillary to export activities. Loans issued under the facility will bear interest at a floating rate based on Brazil s Certificate of Interbank Deposit rate plus a spread of . At September 30, 2021, there was R million million) outstanding. 
 Brazil Delayed Draw Credit Facilities 
 On April 10, 2019, we entered into a credit agreement to provide for R million of senior unsecured term loans with an incremental R million accordion feature (the Brazil Delayed Draw Credit Facilities ). The principal was available to be drawn at any time over the initial months in up to drawdowns of at least BRL million each and will be repaid in equal, semiannual installments beginning on until the facility matures on . The proceeds of the Brazil Delayed Draw Credit Facilities are to be used to support the production of goods or acquisition of inputs that are essential or ancillary to export activities. The Brazil Delayed Draw Credit Facilities are senior unsecured obligations of Rigesa Celulose, Papel E Embalagens Ltda. (a subsidiary of the Company), as borrower, and the Company, as guarantor. Loans issued under the Brazil Delayed Draw Credit Facilities will bear interest at a floating rate based on Brazil s Certificate of Interbank Deposit rate plus a spread of . In addition, we will be required to pay fees of on the unused amount of the facility. At September 30, 2021 and 2020, the carrying value of the facility was R million million) and R million million), respectively. 
 108 

WESTROCK COMPANY 
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Fiscal 2023 

Fiscal 2024 

Fiscal 2025 

Fiscal 2026 

Thereafter 

Fair value of debt step-up, deferred financing costs and unamortized 
 bond discounts 

Total 

See Note 14. Leases of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for the aggregate maturities of finance lease obligations for the succeeding five fiscal years and thereafter. 
 million (net of deferred rent and favorable/unfavorable lease liabilities) with corresponding operating lease liabilities of million. 

Variable and short-term lease costs 

Sublease income 

Finance lease cost: 

Amortization of lease assets 

Interest on lease liabilities 

Total lease cost, net 

Rental expense for the year ended September 30, 2019 was approximately million including lease payments under cancelable leases and maintenance charges on transportation equipment. 
 
 109 

WESTROCK COMPANY 
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Current operating lease liabilities 

Other current liabilities 

Noncurrent operating lease liabilities 

Other long-term liabilities 

Total operating lease liabilities 

Finance leases: 

Property, plant and equipment 

Accumulated depreciation 

Property, plant and equipment, net 

Current finance lease liabilities 

Current portion of debt 

Noncurrent finance lease liabilities 

Long-term debt due after one year 

Total finance lease liabilities 

Our finance lease portfolio includes certain assets that are either fully depreciated or transferred for which the lease arrangement requires a one-time principal repayment on the maturity date of the lease obligation. 
 years 

years 

Finance leases 

years 

years 

Weighted average discount rate: 

Operating leases 

Finance leases 

Operating cash flows related to finance leases 

Financing cash flows related to finance leases 

ROU assets obtained in exchange for lease liabilities: 

Operating leases 

110 

WESTROCK COMPANY 
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Fiscal 2023 

Fiscal 2024 

Fiscal 2025 

Fiscal 2026 

Thereafter 

Total lease payments 

Less: Interest (1) 

Present value of future lease payments 

(1) 

million Timber Note ). The Timber Note does not require any principal payments until its maturity in October 2027 and bears interest at a rate approximating LIBOR. In addition, the Timber Note is supported by a bank-issued irrevocable letter of credit obtained by the buyer of the forestlands. The Timber Note is not subject to prepayment in whole or in part prior to maturity. The bank s credit rating as of October 2021 was investment grade. 
 Using the Timber Note as collateral, MWV TN received million in proceeds under a secured financing agreement with a bank. Under the terms of the agreement, the liability from this transaction is non-recourse to the Company and is payable from the Timber Note proceeds upon its maturity in October 2027. As a result, the Timber Note is not available to satisfy any obligations of WestRock. MWV TN can elect to prepay at any time the liability in whole or in part, however, given that the Timber Note is not prepayable, MWV TN expects to only repay the liability at maturity from the Timber Note proceeds. 
 The Timber Note and the secured financing liability were fair valued on the opening balance sheet in connection with the Combination. As of September 30, 2021, the Timber Note was million and is included within Restricted assets held by special purpose entities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets and the secured financing liability was million and is included within Non-recourse liabilities held by special purpose entities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 Pursuant to the sale of MWV s remaining U.S. forestlands, which occurred on December 6, 2013, another special purpose entity MWV Timber Notes Holding Company II, LLC MWV TN II received, and WestRock assumed upon the Combination, an installment note receivable in the amount of million (the Installment Note ). The Installment Note does not require any principal payments until its maturity in December 2023 and bears interest at a fixed rate of . However, at any time during a 180-day period following receipt by the borrower of notice from us that we intend to withhold our consent to any amendment or waiver of this Installment Note that was requested by the borrower and approved by any eligible assignees, the borrower may prepay the Installment Note in whole but not in part for cash at 100 of the principal, plus accrued but unpaid interest, breakage, or other similar amount if any. As of September 30, 2021, no event had occurred that would allow for the 
 111 

WESTROCK COMPANY 
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 million in proceeds under a secured financing agreement with a bank. Under the terms of the agreement, the liability from this transaction is non-recourse to WestRock and is payable from the Installment Note proceeds upon its maturity in December 2023. As a result, the Installment Note is not available to satisfy any obligations of WestRock. MWV TN II can elect to prepay, at any time, the liability in whole or in part, with sufficient notice, but would avail itself of this provision only in the event the Installment Note was prepaid in whole or in part. The secured financing agreement however requires a mandatory repayment, up to the amount of cash received, if the Installment Note is prepaid in whole or in part. 
 The Installment Note and the secured financing liability were fair valued on the opening balance sheet in connection with the Combination. As of September 30, 2021, the Installment Note was million and is included within Restricted assets held by special purpose entities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets and the secured financing liability was million and is included within Non-recourse liabilities held by special purpose entities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. million, million and million, respectively. Accounts receivable due from the affiliated companies at September 30, 2021 and 2020 was million and million, respectively, and was included in Accounts receivable on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. million. 
 Environmental 
 Environmental compliance requirements are a significant factor affecting our business. We employ manufacturing processes that involve discharges to water, air emissions, water intake and waste handling and disposal activities. These processes are subject to numerous federal, state, local and international environmental laws and regulations, as well as the requirements of environmental permits and similar authorizations issued by various governmental authorities. Complex and lengthy processes may be required to obtain and renew approvals, permits, and licenses for new, existing or modified facilities. Additionally, the use and handling of various chemicals or hazardous materials require release prevention plans and emergency response procedures. Our integrated chemical pulping mills in the U.S. and Brazil are subject to numerous and more complex environmental programs and regulations, but all of WestRock s manufacturing facilities have environmental compliance obligations. We have incurred, and expect that we will continue to incur, significant capital, operating and other expenditures complying with applicable environmental laws and regulations including, for example, projects to replace and/or upgrade our air pollution control devices, wastewater treatment systems, and other environmental infrastructure. Changes in these laws, as well as litigation relating to these laws, could result in more stringent or additional environmental compliance obligations for the Company that may require additional capital investments or increase our operating costs. 
 We are involved in various administrative and other proceedings relating to environmental matters that arise in the normal course of business, and we may become involved in similar matters in the future. Although the ultimate outcome of these proceedings cannot be predicted with certainty and we cannot at this time estimate any reasonably possible losses based on available information, we do not believe that the currently expected outcome of any environmental proceedings and claims that are pending or threatened against us will have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition or cash flows. 
 112 

WESTROCK COMPANY 
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 million reserved for environmental liabilities on an undiscounted basis, of which million is included in Other long-term liabilities and million is included in Other current liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets, including amounts accrued in connection with environmental obligations relating to manufacturing facilities that we have closed. We believe the liability for these matters was adequately reserved at September 30, 2021. 
 Climate Change 
 Some of our paper mills, our most energy-intensive manufacturing facilities, burn renewable biomass to generate more than 60 percent of their energy needs based on overall fuel mix. Most of these facilities also self-generate the steam and power needed for their manufacturing processes using combined heat and power or cogeneration systems. Our recycling operations help to divert approximately seven to eight million tons of paper and packaging from landfills where it would otherwise degrade and release greenhouse gases in the form of methane. Our fiber procurement activities create economic incentives for landowners and family tree farmers to maintain their holdings as working forests that sequester carbon and provide many other environmental benefits, including protection for fresh water supplies and habitats for diverse species of plants and animals. 
 
 Addressing issues related to climate change presents opportunities for our business. For example, we produce renewable energy and generate RECs at our integrated kraft mills. We have sold RECs in the past and may sell them in the future. The RECs we generate are flexible, market-based tools that support the renewable energy market. Our recycling activities also may present the opportunity to generate offsets that could be used to meet climate-related obligations for ourselves or others. 
 
 Climate change also presents potential risks and uncertainties for us. With respect to physical climate risks, our manufacturing operations may be impacted by weather-related events such as hurricanes and floods, potentially resulting in lost production, supply chain disruptions and increased material costs. Unpredictable weather patterns also may impact virgin fiber supplies and prices, which may fluctuate during prolonged periods of heavy rain or drought. On the other hand, changes in climate also could result in more accommodating weather patterns for greater periods of time in certain areas, which may create favorable fiber market conditions. We incorporate a review of meteorological forecast data into our fiber procurement decisions and strategies. To the 
 113 

WESTROCK COMPANY 
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 countries that established the Paris Agreement, which became effective in November 2016 and to which the United States formally rejoined in February 2021. 
 Regulation related to climate change continues to develop in the areas of the world where we conduct business. We have systems in place for tracking the GHG emissions from our energy-intensive facilities, and we carefully monitor developments in climate related laws, regulations and policies to assess the potential impact of such developments on our results of operations, financial condition, cash flows and disclosure obligations. Compliance with climate programs may require future expenditures to meet GHG emission reduction obligations in future years. These obligations may include carbon taxes, the requirement to purchase GHG credits, or the need to acquire carbon offsets. Also, we may be required to make capital and other investments to displace traditional fossil fuels, such as fuel oil and coal, with lower carbon alternatives, such as biomass and natural gas. 
 Litigation 
 During fiscal 2018, we submitted formal notification to withdraw from the PIUMPF and recorded a liability associated with the withdrawal. Subsequently, in fiscal 2019 and 2020, we received demand letters from PIUMPF, including a demand for withdrawal liabilities and for our proportionate share of PIUMPF s accumulated funding deficiency, and we refined our liability, the impact of which was not significant. We began making monthly payments for the PIUMPF withdrawal liabilities in fiscal 2020, excluding the accumulated funding deficiency demands. We dispute the PIUMPF accumulated funding deficiency demands. In February 2020, we received a demand letter from PIUMPF asserting that we owe million for our pro-rata share of PIUMPF s accumulated funding deficiency, including interest. Similarly, in April 2020, we received an updated demand letter related to a subsidiary of ours asserting that we owe million of additional accumulated funding deficiency, including interest. In July 2021, the PIUMPF filed suit against us in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of Georgia claiming the right to recover our pro rata share of the pension fund s accumulated funding deficiency. We believe we are adequately reserved for this matter. See Note 5. Retirement Plans Multiemployer Plans of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for more information regarding our withdrawal liabilities. 
 We have been named a defendant in asbestos-related personal injury litigation. To date, the costs resulting from the litigation, including settlement costs, have not been significant. As of September 30 , 2021, there were approximately such lawsuits. We believe that we have substantial insurance coverage, subject to applicable deductibles and policy limits, with respect to asbestos claims. We also have valid defenses to these asbestos-related personal injury claims and intend to continue to defend them vigorously. Should the volume of litigation grow substantially, it is possible that we could incur significant costs resolving these cases. We do not expect the resolution of pending asbestos litigation and proceedings to have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition or cash flows. In any given period or periods, however, it is possible such proceedings or matters could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition or cash flows. At September 30, 2021, we had million reserved for these matters. 
 114 

WESTROCK COMPANY 
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 of its Brazil subsidiaries. . The tax and interest claim relating to tax years 2009 to 2012 was finalized and is now the subject of an annulment action we filed in the Brazil federal court. CARF notified us of its final decision regarding the tax, penalties and interest claims relating to tax years on June 3, 2020. We have filed an annulment action in Brazil federal court with respect to that decision as well. The dispute related to penalties for tax years remains before CARF. 
 We assert that we have liability in these matters. The total amount in dispute before CARF and in the annulment actions relating to the claimed tax deficiency was R million million) a s of September 30, 2021, including various penalties and interest. The U.S. dollar equivalent has fluctuated significantly due to changes in exchange rates. The amount of o ur uncertain tax position reserve for this matter, that excludes certain penalties, is included in the unrecognized tax benefits table. See Note 6. Income Taxes . Resolution of the uncertain tax positions could have a material adverse effect on our cash flows and results of operations or materially benefit our results of operations in future periods depending upon their ultimate resolution. 
 Guarantees 
 We make certain guarantees in the normal course of conducting our operations, for compliance with certain laws and regulations, or in connection with certain business dispositions. The guarantees include items such as funding of net losses in proportion to our ownership share of certain joint ventures, debt guarantees related to certain unconsolidated entities acquired in acquisitions, indemnifications of lessors in certain facilities and equipment operating leases for items such as additional taxes being assessed due to a change in tax law and certain other agreements. We estimate our exposure to these matters to be less than million. As of September 30, 2021 and 2020, we had recorded million and million, respectively, for the estimated fair value of these guarantees. The decline in fiscal 2021 was due to the expiration of certain guarantees. We are unable to estimate our maximum exposure under operating leases because it is dependent on potential changes in the tax laws however, we believe our exposure related to guarantees would not have a material impact on our results of operations, financial condition or cash flows. 
 Indirect Tax Claim 
 In March 2017, the Supreme Court of Brazil issued a decision concluding that certain state value added tax should not be included in the calculation of federal gross receipts taxes. Subsequently, in fiscal 2019 and 2020, the Supreme Court of Brazil rendered favorable decisions on eight of our cases granting us the right to recover certain state value added tax. The tax authorities in Brazil filed a Motion of Clarification with the Supreme Court of Brazil. Based on our evaluation and the opinion of our tax and legal advisors, we believe the decision reduced our gross receipts tax in Brazil prospectively and retrospectively, and will allow us to recover tax amounts collected by the government. Due to the volume of invoices being reviewed (January 2002 to September 2019), we recorded the estimated recoveries across several periods beginning in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2019 as we reviewed the documents and the amount became estimable. In May 2021, the Supreme Court of Brazil judged the Motion of Clarification and concluded on the gross methodology, which was consistent with our evaluation and that of our tax and legal advisors. In fiscal 2021, we recorded a receivable for our expected recovery and interest that consisted primarily of a million reduction of Cost of goods sold and million reduction of Interest expense, net. In fiscal 2020, we recorded a million receivable for our expected recovery and interest that consisted primarily of a million reduction of Cost of goods sold and million reduction of Interest expense, net. In fiscal 2019, we recorded a million receivable for our expected recovery and interest that consisted primarily of Cost of goods 
 115 

WESTROCK COMPANY 
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Other comprehensive (loss) income before 
 reclassifications 

Amounts reclassified from accumulated 
 other comprehensive loss 

Net current period other comprehensive 
 (loss) income 

Reclassification of stranded tax effects 

Balance at September 30, 2020 

Other comprehensive (loss) income before 
 reclassifications 

Amounts reclassified from accumulated 
 other comprehensive loss 

Net current period other comprehensive income 

Balance at September 30, 2021 

(1) 

Prior service costs (2) 

Reclassification of stranded tax effects (3) 

Subtotal defined benefit plans 

Derivative Instruments: (1) 

Interest rate swap hedge loss (4) 

Natural gas commodity hedge loss (5) 

Subtotal derivative instruments 

Total reclassifications for the period 

(1) 

(2) 

116 

WESTROCK COMPANY 
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

(4) 

(5) 

Deferred loss on cash flow hedges 

Reclassification adjustment of net loss on cash flow hedges 
 included in earnings 

Net actuarial gain arising during period 

Amortization and settlement recognition of net actuarial loss 

Prior service cost arising during the period 

Amortization of prior service cost 

Consolidated other comprehensive income 

Less: Other comprehensive income attributable to noncontrolling 
 interests 

Other comprehensive income attributable to common 
 stockholders 

Fiscal 2020 

Pre-Tax 

Tax 

Net of Tax 

Foreign currency translation loss 

Deferred loss on cash flow hedges 

Reclassification adjustment of net loss on cash flow hedges 
 included in earnings 

Net actuarial gain arising during period 

Amortization and settlement recognition of net actuarial loss 

Prior service cost arising during the period 

Amortization of prior service cost 

Consolidated other comprehensive loss 

Less: Other comprehensive loss attributable to noncontrolling 
 interests 

Other comprehensive loss attributable to common 
 stockholders 

Fiscal 2019 

Pre-Tax 

Tax 

Net of Tax 

Foreign currency translation loss 

Deferred gain on cash flow hedges 

Reclassification adjustment of net gain on cash flow hedges 
 included in earnings 

Net actuarial loss arising during period 

Amortization and settlement recognition of net actuarial loss 

Prior service cost arising during the period 

Amortization of prior service cost 

Consolidated other comprehensive loss 

Less: Other comprehensive loss attributable to noncontrolling 
 interests 

Other comprehensive loss attributable to common 
 stockholders 

117 

WESTROCK COMPANY 
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 million shares of our Common Stock, representing approximately of our outstanding Common Stock as of July 1, 2015. The shares of our Common Stock may be repurchased over an indefinite period of time at the discretion of management. In fiscal 2021, we repurchased approximately million shares of our Common Stock for an aggregate cost of million (a portion of which settled after September 30, 2021). In fiscal 2020, we repurchased shares of our Common Stock. In fiscal 2019, we repurchased approximately million shares of our Common Stock for an aggregate cost of million. As of September 30, 2021, we had approximately million shares of Common Stock available for repurchase under the program. million shares of options, restricted stock, SARs and restricted stock units to certain key employees and directors. As of September 30, 2021, there were million shares available to be granted under this plan. At our Annual Meeting of Stockholders held on February 2, 2016, our stockholders approved the WestRock Company 2016 Incentive Stock Plan. The 2016 Incentive Stock Plan was amended and restated on February 2, 2018 (the Amended and Restated 2016 Incentive Stock Plan ). The Amended and Restated 2016 Incentive Stock Plan allows for the granting of million shares of options, restricted stock, SARs and restricted stock units to certain key employees and directors. As of September 30, 2021, there were million shares available to be granted under this plan. In addition, there were million shares available for grant under prior plans approved by stockholders and plans assumed upon mergers and acquisitions. We do not expect to make any new awards under those plans. 
 Our results of operations for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019 include share-based compensation expense of million, million and million, respectively. The increase in fiscal 2020, and subsequent decline, was due to shares of restricted stock granted in fiscal 2020 to satisfy certain annual bonus incentives in connection with the WestRock Pandemic Action Plan. The total income tax benefit in the results of operations in connection with share-based compensation was million, million and million, for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. 
 Cash received from share-based payment arrangements for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019 was million, million and million, respectively. 
 Equity Awards Issued in Connection with Acquisitions 
 In connection with the KapStone Acquisition, we replaced certain outstanding awards of restricted stock units granted under the KapStone long-term incentive plan with WestRock stock options and restricted stock units. No additional shares will be granted under the KapStone plan. The KapStone equity awards were replaced with awards with identical terms utilizing an approximately conversion factor as described in the Merger Agreement. The acquisition consideration included approximately million related to outstanding KapStone equity awards related to service prior to the effective date of the KapStone Acquisition the balance related to service after the effective date are being expensed over the remaining service period of the awards. 
 118 

WESTROCK COMPANY 
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 options that were valued at a weighted average fair value of per share using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. The weighted average significant assumptions used were: 

2019 

Expected term in years 

3.1 

Expected volatility 

Risk-free interest rate 

Dividend yield 

Stock Options and Stock Appreciation Rights 
 Stock options granted under our plans generally have an exercise price equal to the closing market price on the date of the grant, generally vest in , in either one tranche or in approximately one-third increments, and have -year contractual terms. However, a portion of our grants are subject to earlier expense recognition due to retirement eligibility rules. Presently, other than circumstances such as death, disability and retirement, grants will include a provision requiring both a change of control and termination of employment to accelerate vesting. 
 At the date of grant, we estimate the fair value of stock options granted using a Black-Scholes option pricing model. We use historical data to estimate option exercises and employee terminations in determining the expected term in years for stock options. Expected volatility is calculated based on the historical volatility of our stock. The risk-free interest rate is based on U.S. Treasury securities in effect at the date of the grant of the stock options. The dividend yield is estimated based on our historic annual dividend payments and current expectations for the future. Other than in connection with replacement awards in connection with acquisitions, we did t grant any stock options in fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019. 

Exercised 

Expired 

Outstanding at September 30, 2021 

2.2 

Exercisable at September 30, 2021 

2.2 

The aggregate intrinsic value of options exercised during the years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019 was million, million and million, respectively. 
 As of September 30, 2021, there was remaining unrecognized compensation cost related to nonvested stock options. 
 As part of the Combination, we issued SARs to replace outstanding MWV SARs. The SARs were valued using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. We measure compensation expense related to the SAR awards at the end of each period. We do not expect to issue additional SARs. The aggregate intrinsic value of SARs exercised during the years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019 was million, and million, respectively, and the number of SARs outstanding at September 30, 2021 was de minimis. 
 
 119 

WESTROCK COMPANY 
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 and are treated as issued and carry dividend and voting rights until they vest. The vesting provisions for our employee awards may vary from grant to grant however, vesting generally is contingent upon meeting various service and/or performance or market goals including, but not limited to, achievement of various financial targets such as Cash Flow Per Share and relative Total Shareholder Return (each as defined in the award documents). Subject to the level of performance attained, the target award for some of the grants may increase up to of target or decrease to depending upon the terms of the individual grant. The employee grants generally vest in . Presently, other than circumstances such as death, disability and retirement, the grants generally include a provision requiring both a change of control and termination of employment to accelerate vesting. For certain employee grants, the grantee is entitled to receive dividend equivalent units, but will generally forfeit the restricted award and the dividend equivalents if the employee separates from us during the vesting period or if the predetermined goals are not accomplished. As mentioned above, in fiscal 2020 in connection with the WestRock Pandemic Action Plan, we issued restricted stock grants to satisfy certain annual bonus incentives. Those awards vested in October 2020 at of target. 

Granted 

Vested and released 

Forfeited 

Outstanding at September 30, 2021 (1) 

(1) 
 
 of the target or decreased to , subject to the level of performance attained. The awards are reflected in the table at the target award amount of . Based on current facts and assumptions we are forecasting the performance of the aggregate outstanding grants to be attained at levels that would result in the issuance of approximately million additional shares . However, it is possible that the performance attained may vary. 
 
 There was approximately million of unrecognized compensation cost related to all nonvested restricted shares as of September 30, 2021 that will be recognized over a weighted average remaining vesting period of years. 
 120 

WESTROCK COMPANY 
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Shares of restricted stock granted to employees: 

Shares granted for attainment of a performance condition at 
 an amount in excess of target (2) 

Shares granted with a service condition and a Cash Flow Per 
 Share performance condition at target (3) 

Shares granted with a service condition and a relative Total 
 Shareholder Return market condition at target (3) 

Shares granted with a service condition (4) 

Shares of restricted stock granted for annual bonus (5) 

Share of restricted stock assumed in purchase accounting: 

Shares granted with a service condition (6) 

Total restricted stock granted 

(1) 

(2) 
 
 of target, therefore, the remainder of the grant was forfeited. Shares issued in fiscal 2020 for the fiscal 2017 Cash Flow Per Share were at of target, therefore, the remainder of the grant was forfeited. Shares issued in fiscal 2019 for the fiscal 2016 Cash Flow Per Share were at of target. 

(3) 
 
 and have adjustable ranges from - of target subject to the level of performance attained in the respective award agreement. The employee grants with a relative Total Shareholder Return condition were valued using a Monte Carlo simulation, the terms of which are outlined below. 

(4) 
 
 to . 

(5) 
 
 of target. 

(6) 
 
 to . 
 
 The employee grants with a relative Total Shareholder Return market condition in fiscal 2021 were valued using a Monte Carlo simulation at per share. The significant assumptions used in valuing these grants included: an expected term of years, an expected volatility of and a risk-free interest rate of . In addition, we had a subsequent grant for an individual valued using a Monte Carlo simulation at per share, using an expected term of years, an expected volatility of and a risk free rate of . We amortize these costs on a straight-line basis over the explicit service period. 
 The employee grants with a relative Total Shareholder Return market condition in fiscal 2020 were valued using a Monte Carlo simulation at per share. The significant assumptions used in valuing these grants included: an expected term of years, an expected volatility of and a risk-free interest rate of . We amortize these costs on a straight-line basis over the explicit service period. 
 The employee grants with a relative Total Shareholder Return market condition in fiscal 2019 were valued using a Monte Carlo simulation at per share. The significant assumptions used in valuing these grants included: an expected term of years, an expected volatility of and a risk-free interest rate of . We amortize these costs on a straight-line basis over the explicit service period. 
 Expense is recognized on restricted stock grants on a straight-line basis over the explicit service period or for performance-based grants over the explicit service period when we estimate that it is probable the performance conditions will be satisfied. Expense recognized on grants with a performance condition that affects how many shares are ultimately awarded is based on the number of shares expected to be awarded. 
 121 

WESTROCK COMPANY 
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Aggregate fair value of restricted stock vested and released 

The shares vested and released in fiscal 2021 reflect the vesting of the fiscal 2020 grants for annual bonus that vested at of target and the fiscal 2018 grants, with a Cash Flow Per Share performance condition that vested at of target, as well as certain shares with a service condition. The shares vested and released in fiscal 2020 reflect the vesting of the fiscal 2017 grants, with a Cash Flow Per Share performance condition that vested at of target, as well as certain shares with a service condition. The shares vested and released in fiscal 2019 reflect the vesting of the fiscal 2016 grants, with a Cash Flow Per Share performance condition that vested at of target, as well as certain shares with a performance and/or service condition. 
 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
 At our Annual Meeting of Stockholders held on February 2, 2016, our stockholders approved the WestRock Company Employee Stock Purchase Plan ESPP ). Under the ESPP, shares of Common Stock are reserved for purchase by our qualifying employees. The ESPP allowed for the purchase of a total of approximately million shares of Common Stock. During fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019, employees purchased approximately million, million and million shares, respectively, under the ESPP. We recognized million, million and million of expense for fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively, related to the discount on the purchase price allowed to employees. As of September 30, 2021, adjusted for the spinoff of our Specialty Chemicals business in 2016, approximately million shares of Common Stock remained available for purchase under the ESPP. 

Less: Distributed and undistributed income available to 
 participating securities 

Distributed and undistributed income (loss) available to 
 common stockholders 

Denominator: 

Basic weighted average shares outstanding 

Effect of dilutive stock options and non-participating securities 

Diluted weighted average shares outstanding 

Basic earnings (loss) per share attributable to common 
 stockholders 

Diluted earnings (loss) per share attributable to common 
 stockholders 

122 

WESTROCK COMPANY 
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 
 Options and restricted stock in the amount of million, million and million common shares in fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively, were not included in computing diluted earnings per share because the effect would have been antidilutive. The dilutive impact of the remaining awards outstanding in each year were included in the effect of dilutive securities. 

123 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Stockholders and Board of Directors of 
 WestRock Company 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of WestRock Company and subsidiaries (the Company) as of September 30, 2021 and 2020, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income (loss) , equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended September 30, 2021, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at September 30, 2021 and 2020, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended September 30, 2021, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2021, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework), and our report dated November 19, 2021 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

Goodwill Impairment Assessment of the Consumer Packaging Reporting Unit 

Description of the Matter 

As discussed in Note 1 of the consolidated financial statements, goodwill is tested for impairment at least annually at the reporting unit level. This requires management to estimate the fair value of the reporting units with goodwill allocated to them. The Company estimates the fair value based on a combination of the discounted cash flow method and guideline company method. As of September 30, 2021, the Company s goodwill balance was 5,959.2 million, of which 2,295.9 million related to the Consumer Packaging reporting unit. 
 Auditing management s goodwill impairment tests involved especially subjective judgements due to the significant estimation required in determining the fair value of the reporting units. In particular, the estimates of the fair values of the Company s reporting units are sensitive to assumptions such as the discount rate, EBITDA multiples and expected future net cash flows, including projected operating results, long term growth rate, capital expenditures and tax rates, which are affected by expectations about future market and economic conditions. 

124 

How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit 

We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of controls over the Company s goodwill impairment review process. For example, we tested controls over the estimation of the fair value of the reporting unit, including the Company s controls over the valuation model, the mathematical accuracy of the valuation model and development of underlying assumptions used to estimate such fair value of the reporting unit. We also tested management s review of the reconciliation of the aggregate estimated fair value of the reporting units to the market capitalization of the Company. 
 To test the estimated fair value of the Company s reporting unit, our audit procedures included, among others, assessing the valuation methodology, determination of the guideline public companies, and the underlying data used by the Company in its analysis, including testing the significant assumptions discussed above. We compared the significant assumptions used by management to current industry and economic trends, changes to the Company s business model and other relevant factors. We assessed the historical accuracy of management s assumptions of future expected net cash flows and performed sensitivity analyses of significant assumptions to evaluate the changes in the fair value of the reporting unit that would result from changes in the assumptions. We involved valuation specialists to assist in our evaluation of the valuation methodology and the significant assumptions, including the discount rate used in determining the fair value of the reporting unit. We also tested the reconciliation of the aggregate estimated fair value of the reporting units to the market capitalization of the Company. 

Uncertain Tax Positions 

Description of the Matter 

As discussed in Note 6 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company has unrecognized income tax benefits of 199.5 million related to its uncertain tax positions at September 30, 2021. The Company uses significant judgement in (1) determining whether a tax position, based solely on its technical merits, is more likely than not to be sustained upon examination, and (2) in measuring the tax benefit as the largest amount of benefit which is more likely than not to be realized upon ultimate settlement. The Company does not record any benefit for the tax positions that do not meet the more-likely-than-not initial recognition threshold. 
 Auditing management s analysis of its uncertain tax positions and resulting unrecognized income tax benefits involved especially subjective and complex judgements because each tax position carries unique facts and circumstances that require interpretation of laws, regulations and legal rulings, and other factors. 

How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit 

We tested the Company s controls that address the risks of material misstatement relating to uncertain tax positions. For example, we tested controls over management s application of the two-step recognition and measurement principles, including management s review of the inputs and resulting calculations of unrecognized income tax benefits. 
 To test the Company s measurement and recording of its uncertain tax positions, our audit procedures included, among others, inspecting the Company s analysis and related tax opinions to evaluate the assumptions the Company used to develop its uncertain tax positions and related unrecognized income tax benefit amounts by jurisdiction. We also tested the completeness and accuracy of the underlying data used by the Company to calculate its uncertain tax positions. For example, we compared the recorded unrecognized income tax benefits to similar positions in prior periods and assessed management s consideration of current tax controversy and litigation trends in similar positions challenged by tax authorities. In addition, we involved tax subject matter resources to evaluate the application of relevant tax laws in the Company s recognition determination. We also evaluated the Company s income tax disclosures in relation to these matters included in Note 6 to the consolidated financial statements. 

125 

/s/ Ernst & Young LLP 
 We have served as the Company s or its predecessor s auditor since at least 1975, but we are unable to determine the specific year. 
 Atlanta, Georgia 
 November 19, 2021 
 126 

Report of Independent Regist ered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Stockholders and Board of Directors of 
 WestRock Company 
 
 Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited WestRock Company and subsidiaries internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2021, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the COSO criteria). In our opinion, WestRock Company (the Company) maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2021, based on the COSO criteria. 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of September 30, 2021 and 2020, and the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income (loss), equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended September 30, 2021, and the related notes and our report dated November 19, 2021, expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management s Annual Report On Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 127 

/s/ Ernst & Young LLP 
 Atlanta, Georgia 
 November 19, 2021 
 
 128 

WESTROCK COMPANY 
 MANAGEMENT S ANNUAL REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING 
 Management s Responsibility for the Financial Statements 
 The management of WestRock Company is responsible for the preparation and integrity of the consolidated financial statements appearing in our Annual Report on Form 10-K. The financial statements were prepared in conformity with GAAP appropriate in the circumstances and, accordingly, include certain amounts based on our best judgments and estimates. Financial information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K is consistent with that in the financial statements. 
 Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 Management of the Company is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act. Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of the consolidated financial statements. Our internal control over financial reporting is supported by a program of internal audits and appropriate reviews by management, written policies and guidelines, careful selection and training of qualified personnel and a written code of conduct adopted by our board of directors that is applicable to all officers and employees of our Company and subsidiaries, as well as a code of conduct that is applicable to all of our directors. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements and even when determined to be effective, can only provide reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 Management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2021. In making this assessment, management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013 framework). The scope of our efforts to comply with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act with respect to fiscal 2021 included all of our operations. Based on our assessment, management believes that we maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2021. Our independent auditors, Ernst & Young LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, are appointed by the Audit Committee of our board of directors. Ernst & Young LLP has audited and reported on the consolidated financial statements of WestRock Company, and has issued an attestation report on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. The report of the independent registered public accounting firm is contained in this Annual Report. 
 Audit Committee Responsibility 
 The Audit Committee of our board of directors, composed solely of directors who are independent in accordance with the requirements of the NYSE listing standards, the Exchange Act and our Corporate Governance Guidelines, meets with the independent auditors, management and internal auditors periodically to discuss internal control over financial reporting and auditing and financial reporting matters. The Audit Committee reviews with the independent auditors the scope and results of the audit effort. The Audit Committee also meets periodically with the independent auditors and the chief internal auditor without management present to ensure that the independent auditors and the chief internal auditor have free access to the Audit Committee. Our Audit Committee s Report will be contained in our definitive proxy statement issued in connection with our 2022 annual meeting of stockholders and is incorporated herein by reference. 

D AVID B. S EWELL , 

Chief Executive Officer and President 

A LEXANDER W. P EASE , 

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

November 19, 2021 

129 

Item 9. 
 
 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

 There were no changes in or disagreements with accountants on accounting and financial disclosure. 

Item 9A. 
 
 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 We maintain disclosure controls and other procedures that are designed with the objective of ensuring the following: 

that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act are recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms and 

that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our CEO and our Chief Financial Officer CFO ), as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

 We have performed an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of September 30, 2021, under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our CEO and CFO. Based on that evaluation, our CEO and CFO have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of September 30, 2021, to provide reasonable assurance that we record, process, summarize and report the information we must disclose in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act within the time periods specified in the SEC's rules and forms and to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 In designing and evaluating our disclosure controls and procedures, management recognized that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives, as ours are designed to do. Management also noted that the design of any system of controls is also based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and that there can be no assurance that any such design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions, regardless of how remote. Management necessarily was required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. 
 Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 The report called for by Item 308(a) of Regulation S-K is incorporated herein by reference to Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting of WestRock Company, included in Part II, Item 8 of this report. 
 The attestation report called for by Item 308(b) of Regulation S-K is incorporated herein by reference to the Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting, included in Part II, Item 8 of this report. 
 Management has evaluated, with the participation of our CEO and CFO, changes in our internal controls over financial reporting during the quarter ended September 30, 2021. In connection with that evaluation, we have determined that there has been no change in our internal control over financial reporting identified in connection with the evaluation required by paragraph (d) of Exchange Act Rules 13a-15 or 15d-15 that occurred during the fourth quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 130 

CEO and CFO Certifications 
 Our CEO and CFO have filed with the SEC the certifications required by Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act as Exhibits 31.1 and 31.2, respectively, to this Annual Report on Form 10-K. In addition, on February 18, 2021, our CEO certified to the NYSE that he was not aware of any violation by the Company of the NYSE corporate governance listing standards as in effect on February 18, 2021. The foregoing certification was unqualified. 

Item 9B. 
 
 OTHER INFORMATION 

 Not applicable. 

Item 9C. 
 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 

 Not applicable. 
 
 131 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 
 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS, AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

 EXECUTIVE OFFICERS 
 Identification of Executive Officers 
 The executive officers of the Company are as follows as of November 12, 2021: 

Name 

Age 

Position Held 

David B. Sewell 

53 

Chief Executive Officer and President 

Alexander W. Pease 

50 

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

Peter C. Durette 

48 

President, Corrugated Packaging 

Patrick M. Kivits 

54 

President, Consumer Packaging 

Patrick E. Lindner 

52 

President, Commercial, Innovation and Sustainability 

John L. O Neal 

56 

President, Global Paper 

Thomas M. Stigers 

58 

President, Mill Operations 

Vicki L. Lostetter 

62 

Chief Human Resources Officer 

Julia A. McConnell 

52 

Senior Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer 

Robert B. McIntosh 

64 

Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary 

David B. Sewell has served as WestRock s chief executive officer and president since March 15, 2021. He previously served as president and chief operating officer of The Sherwin-Williams Company, where he was responsible for all operating segments for the 18 billion global coatings company, since March 2019. From August 2014 to March 2019, he served as president of the company s performance coatings group. Prior to joining the company in February 2007, Mr. Sewell spent 15 years working for General Electric Company. 
 Alexander W. Pease has served as WestRock s executive vice president and chief financial officer since November 8, 2021. He served as executive vice president and chief financial officer of CommScope Holding Company, Inc., an 8 billion global provider of infrastructure solutions for communication and entertainment networks, since 2018. From 2016 to 2018, he served as executive vice president and chief financial officer of Snyder s-Lance, Inc. He served as a principal at McKinsey & Company as a leader in its global corporate finance and business functions practice from 2015 to 2016. From 2011 to 2015, he was senior vice president and chief financial officer of EnPro Industries, Inc. Before joining EnPro, he worked at McKinsey & Company and served in the U.S. Navy as a SEAL Platoon commander. 
 Peter C. Durette has served as WestRock s president, Corrugated Packaging since June 2, 2021. He had previously served as the Company s executive vice president, corrugated container and chief strategy officer. Mr. Durette served as chief strategy officer of MeadWestvaco Corporation since 2009 and had retained this role with the Company since its formation in 2015 upon the combination of MeadWestvaco and Rock-Tenn Company. During his time with the Company and MeadWestvaco, Mr. Durette has held various other commercial and operating roles, including president of enterprise solutions, executive vice president of beverage packaging and senior vice president of home health and beauty. Prior to joining MeadWestvaco, he spent more than a decade with Marakon Associates, a boutique strategic advisory company. 
 Patrick M. Kivits has served as WestRock s president, Consumer Packaging since June 2, 2021. He had previously served as the Company s president, Multi Packaging Solutions since August 2020 and, prior to that, as executive vice president operations North America for Multi Packaging Solutions since November 2019. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Kivits spent 20 years in the specialty chemical industry, working for H.B. Fuller and Henkel in adhesives for the packaging industry. 
 Patrick E. Lindner has served as WestRock s president, commercial, innovation and sustainability since June 2, 2021. He had previously served as the Company s president, consumer packaging since March 2019 and as chief innovation officer since October 2019. He previously served as chief operating officer for W.L. Gore & Associates. Prior to joining W.L. Gore & Associates, Mr. Lindner served in various leadership roles with E. I. Du Pont De Nemours and Company, including as president DuPont Performance Materials and president DuPont Performance Polymers. 
 132 

John L. O Neal has served as the Company s president, global paper since June 2, 2021. He had previously served as the Company s executive vice president, global food and beverage since 2016. From 2012 to 2016, he served in senior leadership roles in the Company s corrugated packaging and paper solution businesses. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. O Neal spent 16 years working for Mirant Corporation. 
 Thomas M. Stigers has served as the Company s president, mill operations since June 2, 2021. He had previously served as the Company s executive vice president, containerboard mills. Mr. Stigers joined the Company in connection with its acquisition of Southern Container Corp in 2008, where he served as vice president of Solvay Paperboard. Mr. Stigers has worked in the paper industry since 1987 in various operational leadership roles with Champion International, Simpson Paper Company, Donohue Inc., and Abitibi-Consolidated Inc. 
 Vicki L. Lostetter has served as WestRock s chief human resources officer since February 2018. She previously served as General Manager, Talent and Organization Capability and General Manager, Global Talent Management with Microsoft Incorporated. Prior to joining Microsoft, Ms. Lostetter served in various leadership roles within the human resources function with Coca-Cola Enterprises, Inc., The Coca-Cola Company and Honeywell, Inc. 
 Julia A. McConnell has served as WestRock s senior vice president and chief accounting officer since June 2020. Prior to joining the Company, Ms. McConnell worked for Carter s, Inc., where she served as vice president, international & supply chain finance from 2018 to May 2020 and as vice president, finance and corporate controller from 2010 to 2019. Prior to joining Carter s, Ms. McConnell served in various roles, including as assistant controller, for PepsiCo, Inc. from 2004 to 2010. 
 Robert B. McIntosh has served as WestRock s executive vice president, general counsel and secretary since July 1, 2015. He served as RockTenn s executive vice president, general counsel and secretary from January 2009 through June 30, 2015 and as RockTenn s senior vice president, general counsel and secretary from August 2000 until January 2009. Mr. McIntosh joined RockTenn in 1995 as vice president and general counsel. 
 All of our executive officers are elected annually by, and serve at the discretion of, the board of directors. 
 See Part I, Item 1 Available Information of this Form 10-K for information about our Code of Ethical Conduct for our Chief Executive Officer and Senior Financial Officers, including that any amendments to, or waiver from, any provision of such code required to be disclosed will be posted on our website. The remainder of the information required by this item will be contained in our definitive proxy statement issued in connection with our 2022 annual meeting of stockholders and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 11. 
 
 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

 The information required by this item will be contained in our definitive proxy statement issued in connection with our 2022 annual meeting of stockholders and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 12. 
 
 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

 The information required by this item will be contained in our definitive proxy statement issued in connection with our 2022 annual meeting of stockholders and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 13. 
 
 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

 The information required by this item will be contained in our definitive proxy statement issued in connection with our 2022 annual meeting of stockholders and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 14. 
 
 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 

 The information required by this item will be contained in our definitive proxy statement issued in connection with our 2022 annual meeting of stockholders and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 133 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 
 EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

 (a) 1. Financial Statements. 
 The following consolidated financial statements of our company and our consolidated subsidiaries and the Report of the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm are included in Part II, Item 8 of this report: 

Page 
 Reference 

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended September 2021, 2020 and 2019 

60 

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the years ended September 2021, 2020 and 2019 

61 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2021 and 2020 

62 

Consolidated Statements of Equity for the years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019 

63 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019 

64 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

65 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

124 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

127 

Management s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

129 

2. Financial Statement Schedule of WestRock Company. 
 All schedules are omitted because they are not applicable or not required because this information is provided in the financial statements. 
 3. Exhibits. 
 See separate Exhibit Index attached hereto and incorporated herein. 
 (b) See Item 15(a)(3) and separate Exhibit Index attached hereto and incorporated herein. 
 (c) Not applicable. 

Item 16. 
 
 FORM 10-K SUMMARY 

 None. 
 134 

INDEX TO EXHIBITS 

Exhibit 
 Number 

Description of Exhibits 

2.1 

Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated January 28, 2018, among KapStone Paper and Packaging Corporation, WestRock Company, Whiskey Holdco, Inc., Whiskey Merger Sub, Inc. and Kola Merger Sub, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 of WestRock s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 29, 2018). 

3.1 

Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of WestRock Company, effective as of November 2, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of WestRock s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 5, 2018). 

3.2 

Certificate of Correction to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of WestRock Company dated November 13, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 of WestRock s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2018). 

3.3 

Amended and Restated Bylaws of WestRock Company, effective as of November 2, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 of WestRock s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 5, 2018). 

4.1(a) 

First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 1, 1987, to the Indenture dated as of July 15, 1982, between The Mead Corporation and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas (formerly Bankers Trust Company), as Trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.viv of MWV s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the Transition Period ended December 31, 2001). 

4.1(b) 

Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of October 15, 1989, to the Indenture dated as of July 15, 1982, between The Mead Corporation and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas (formerly Bankers Trust Company), as Trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.viv of MWV s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the Transition Period ended December 31, 2001). 

4.1(c) 

Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of November 15, 1991, to the Indenture dated as of July 15, 1982, between The Mead Corporation and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas (formerly Bankers Trust Company), as Trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.viv of MWV s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the Transition Period ended December 31, 2001). 

4.1(d) 

Fourth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of January 31, 2002, to the Indenture dated as of July 15, 1982, between The Mead Corporation, WestRock MWV, LLC (formerly MeadWestvaco Corporation), Westvaco Corporation and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas (formerly Bankers Trust Company), as Trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 of MWV s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 1, 2002). 

4.1(e) 

Fifth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of December 31, 2002, to the Indenture dated as of July 15, 1982, between MW Custom Papers, Inc. and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as Trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 of MWV s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 7, 2003). 

4.1(f) 

Sixth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of December 31, 2002, to the Indenture dated as of July 15, 1982, between WestRock MWV, LLC (formerly MeadWestvaco Corporation) and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as Trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 of MWV s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 7, 2003). 

4.1(g) 

Seventh Supplemental Indenture, dated as of July 1, 2015, to the Indenture dated as of July 15, 1982, between WestRock MWV, LLC (formerly MeadWestvaco Corporation) and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as Trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 of WestRock s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 2, 2015). 

4.1(h) 

Eighth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of November 2, 2018, to the Indenture dated as of July 15, 1982, between MWV and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as Trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 of WestRock s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 5, 2018). 

P 4.2(a) 

Form of Indenture, dated as of March 1, 1983, between Westvaco Corporation and The Bank of New York (formerly Irving Trust Company), as Trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2 of Westvaco Corporation s Registration Statement on Form 8-A filed on January 24, 1984). 

135 

4.2(b) 

First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of January 31, 2002, to the Indenture dated as of March 1, 1983, by and among Westvaco Corporation, WestRock MWV, LLC (formerly MeadWestvaco Corporation), The Mead Corporation and The Bank of New York, as Trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of MWV s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 1, 2002). 

4.2(c) 

Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of December 31, 2002, to the Indenture dated as of March 1, 1983, between WestRock MWV, LLC (formerly MeadWestvaco Corporation) and The Bank of New York, as Trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of MWV s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 7, 2003). 

4.2(d) 

Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of July 1, 2015, to the Indenture dated as of March 1, 1983, between WestRock MWV, LLC (formerly MeadWestvaco Corporation) and The Bank of New York Mellon, as Trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 of WestRock s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 2, 2015). 

4.2(e) 

Fourth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of November 2, 2018, to the Indenture dated as of March 1, 1983, between MWV and The Bank of New York Mellon, as Trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 of WestRock s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 5, 2018). 

4.3(a) 

Indenture, dated as of February 1, 1993, between The Mead Corporation and The First National Bank of Chicago, as Trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.vv of MWV s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the Transition Period ended December 31, 2001). 

4.3(b) 

First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of January 31, 2002, to the Indenture dated as of February 1, 1993, between The Mead Corporation, WestRock MWV, LLC (formerly MeadWestvaco Corporation), Westvaco Corporation and Bank One Trust Company, NA, as Trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 of MWV s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 1, 2002). 

4.3(c) 

Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of December 31, 2002, to the Indenture dated as of February 1, 1993, between MW Custom Papers, Inc. and Bank One Trust Company, NA, as Trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 of MWV s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 7, 2003). 

4.3(d) 

Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of December 31, 2002, to the Indenture dated as of February 1, 1993, between WestRock MWV, LLC (formerly MeadWestvaco Corporation) and Bank One Trust Company, NA, as Trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.5 of MWV s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 7, 2003). 

4.3(e) 

Fourth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of July 1, 2015, to the Indenture dated as of February 1, 1993, between WestRock MWV, LLC (formerly MeadWestvaco Corporation) and The Bank of New York Mellon, as Trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.5 of WestRock s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 2, 2015). 

4.3(f) 

Fifth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of November 2, 2018, to the Indenture dated as of February 1, 1993, between MWV and The Bank of New York Mellon, as Trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.5 of WestRock s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 5, 2018). 

4.4(a) 

Indenture, dated as of April 2, 2002, by and among WestRock MWV, LLC (formerly MeadWestvaco Corporation), Westvaco Corporation, The Mead Corporation and The Bank of New York, as Trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4(a) of MWV s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 2, 2002). 

4.4(b) 

First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of July 1, 2015, to the Indenture dated as of April 2, 2002, between WestRock MWV, LLC (formerly MeadWestvaco Corporation) and The Bank of New York Mellon, as Trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.6 of WestRock s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 2, 2015). 

4.4(c) 

Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of November 2, 2018, to the Indenture dated as of April 2, 2002, between MWV and The Bank of New York Mellon, as Trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.6 of WestRock s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 5, 2018). 

136 

4.5(a) 

Indenture, dated as of February 22, 2012, by and among Rock-Tenn Company, the Guarantors (as defined therein) and HSBC Bank USA, National Association, as Trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.18 of RockTenn s Registration Statement on Form S-4 filed on February 8, 2013, File No. 333-186552). 

4.5(b) 

First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of November 7, 2013, to the Indenture dated as of February 22, 2012, by and among Rock-Tenn Company, the Guarantors (as defined therein) and HSBC Bank USA, National Association, as Trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.6(c) of WestRock s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2015). 

4.5(c) 

Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of February 21, 2014, to the Indenture dated as of February 22, 2012, by and among Rock-Tenn Company, the Guarantors (as defined therein) and HSBC Bank USA, National Association, as Trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.6(d) of WestRock s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2015). 

4.5(d) 

Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of July 1, 2015, to the Indenture dated as of February 22, 2012, by and among Rock-Tenn Company, the Guarantors (as defined therein) and HSBC Bank USA, National Association, as Trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of WestRock s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 2, 2015). 

4.5(e) 

Fourth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of November 2, 2018, to the Indenture dated as of February 22, 2012, by and among RKT, the guarantors party thereto and HSBC Bank USA, National Association, as Trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of WestRock s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 5, 2018). 

4.6(a) 

Indenture, dated as of September 11, 2012, by and among Rock-Tenn Company, the Guarantors (as defined therein) and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of RockTenn s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 2, 2012). 

4.6(b) 

First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of November 7, 2013, to the Indenture dated as of September 11, 2012, by and among Rock-Tenn Company, the Guarantors (as defined therein) and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.7(c) of WestRock s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2015). 

4.6(c) 

Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of February 21, 2014, to the Indenture dated as of September 11, 2012, by and among Rock-Tenn Company, the Guarantors (as defined therein) and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.7(d) of WestRock s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2015). 

4.6(d) 

Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of July 1, 2015, to the Indenture dated as of September 11, 2012, by and among Rock-Tenn Company, the Guarantors (as defined therein) and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 of WestRock s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 2, 2015). 

4.6(e) 

Fourth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of November 2, 2018, to the Indenture dated as of September 11, 2012, by and among RKT, the guarantors party thereto and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 of WestRock s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 5, 2018). 

4.7(a) 

Indenture, dated August 24, 2017, by and among WestRock Company, WestRock MWV LLC, WestRock RKT Company and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of WestRock s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 24, 2017). 

4.7(b) 

First Supplemental Indenture, dated August 24, 2017, to the Indenture dated as of August 24, 2017, by and among WestRock Company, WestRock MWV LLC, WestRock RKT Company and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 of WestRock s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 24, 2017). 

4.7(c) 

Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 6, 2018, to the Indenture dated as of August 24, 2017, by and among WestRock Company, WestRock MWV LLC, WestRock RKT Company and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of WestRock s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 6, 2018). 

137 

4.7(d) 

Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of November 2, 2018, to the Indenture dated as of August 24, 2017, among WRKCo, RKT, MWV and The Bank of New York Mellon, as Trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.7 of WestRock s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 5, 2018). 

4.8(a) 

Indenture, dated as of December 3, 2018, by and among WRKCo Inc., WestRock Company, WestRock MWV, LLC, WestRock RKT, LLC and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of WestRock s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 3, 2018). 

4.8(b) 

First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of December 3, 2018, to the Indenture dated as of December 3, 2018, by and among WRKCo Inc., WestRock Company, WestRock MWV, LLC, WestRock RKT, LLC and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 of WestRock s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 3, 2018). 

4.8(c) 

Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of May 20, 2019, by and among WRKCo Inc., WestRock Company, WestRock MWV, LLC, WestRock RKT, LLC and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 of WestRock Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 20, 2019).Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of May 20, 2019, to the Indenture dated as of December 3, 2018, by and among WRKCo Inc., WestRock Company, WestRock MWV, LLC, WestRock RKT, LLC and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 of WestRock s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 20, 2019). 

4.8(d) 

Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of June 3, 2020, to the Indenture dated as of December 3, 2018, by and among WRKCo Inc., WestRock Company, WestRock MWV, LLC, WestRock RKT, LLC and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 of the WestRock s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 3, 2020). 

4.9 

Description of the Registrant s Common Stock Registered Pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.9 of WestRock s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2019). 

10.1(a) 

The Mead Corporation 1996 Stock Option Plan, as amended through June 24, 1999 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of The Mead Corporation s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended July 4, 1999). 

10.1(b) 

The Mead Corporation 1996 Stock Option Plan, as amended February 22, 2001 (incorporated by reference to Appendix 2 of The Mead Corporation s Definitive Proxy Statement for the 2001 Annual Meeting of Shareholders filed with the SEC on March 9, 2001). 

10.1(c) 

Amendment to The Mead Corporation 1996 Stock Option Plan, effective April 23, 2002 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of MWV s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2002). 

10.1(d) 

Amendment to The Mead Corporation 1996 Stock Option Plan, effective January 23, 2007 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 of MWV s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2007). 

10.2(a) 

WestRock Company Second Amended and Restated Annual Executive Bonus Plan (incorporated by reference to pages A-1 to A-3 of WestRock s Definitive Proxy Statement for the 2018 Annual Meeting of Shareholders filed with the SEC on December 19, 2017). 

10.2(b) 

WestRock Company Third Amended and Restated Annual Executive Bonus Plan, dated January 31, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of WestRock s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended Ma rch 31, 2019). 

10.3 

Rock-Tenn Company Supplemental Retirement Savings Plan, effective as of May 15, 2003 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of RockTenn s Registration Statement on Form S-8 filed on April 30, 2003, File No. 333-104870). 

10.4(a) 

Rock-Tenn Company 2004 Incentive Stock Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of RockTenn s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 3, 2005). 

10.4(b) 

Amendment Number 1 to Rock-Tenn Company 2004 Incentive Stock Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of RockTenn s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2007). 

138 

10.4(c) 

Amendment Number 2 to Rock-Tenn Company 2004 Incentive Stock Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 of RockTenn s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2008). 

10.4(d) 

Amendment Number 3 to Rock-Tenn Company 2004 Incentive Stock Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of RockTenn s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2009). 

10.4(e) 

Amendment Number 4 to Rock-Tenn Company 2004 Incentive Stock Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of RockTenn s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2011). 

10.4(f) 

Amendment Number 5 to Rock-Tenn Company 2004 Incentive Stock Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of RockTenn s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2011). 

10.5 

MeadWestvaco Corporation 2005 Performance Incentive Plan effective April 22, 2005 and as amended February 26, 2007, January 1, 2009, February 28, 2011 and February 25, 2013 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of MWV s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 25, 2013). 

10.6(a) 

Amended and Restated Rock-Tenn Company Supplemental Retirement Savings Plan, effective as of January 1, 2006 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 of RockTenn s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended December 31, 2005). 

10.6(b) 

Second Amendment to the Rock-Tenn Company Supplemental Retirement Savings Plan, effective as of November 16, 2007 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of RockTenn s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended December 31, 2007). 

10.6(c) 

First Amendment to the Rock-Tenn Company Supplemental Retirement Savings Plan, effective as of October 1, 2011 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of RockTenn s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2012). 

10.7(a) 

MeadWestvaco Corporation Deferred Income Plan Restatement, effective January 1, 2007 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.25 of MWV s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008). 

10.7(b) 

First Amendment to the MeadWestvaco Corporation Deferred Income Plan (2007 Restatement) effective September 1, 2013 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7(b) of WestRock s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2015). 

10.7(c) 

Second Amendment to the MeadWestvaco Corporation Deferred Income Plan (2007 Restatement) effective January 1, 2015 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7(c) of WestRock s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2015). 

10.7(d) 

Third Amendment to the MeadWestvaco Corporation Deferred Income Plan (2007 Restatement) effective July 1, 2015 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7(d) of WestRock s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2015). 

10.8 

MeadWestvaco Corporation Executive Retirement Plan, as amended and restated effective January 1, 2009 except as otherwise provided (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.24 of MWV s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008). 

10.9 

MeadWestvaco Corporation Retirement Restoration Plan, effective January 1, 2009, except as otherwise provided (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.26 of MWV s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008). 

10.10 

Stock Option Awards in 2009 - Terms and Conditions (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of MWV s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2009). 

10.11 

Service Based Restricted Stock Unit Awards in 2009 - Terms and Conditions (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 of MWV s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2009). 

139 

10.12 

Rock-Tenn Company Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan Amended and Restated effective as of October 27, 2011(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of RockTenn s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2012). 

10.13 

Amended and Restated Rock-Tenn Company 2004 Incentive Stock Plan effective as of January 27, 2012 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the RockTenn s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2012). 

10.14 

Stock Option Awards (for 2012) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.43 of MWV s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2012). 

10.15 

Summary of MeadWestvaco Corporation 2013 Long-Term Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.46 of MWV s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2013). 

10.16 

Summary of MeadWestvaco Corporation 2015 Long-Term Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.51 of MWV s quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the period ended March 31, 2015). 

10.17 

Summary of MeadWestvaco Corporation 2015 Annual Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.50 to MWV s quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the period ended March 31, 2015). 

10.18 

WestRock Company 2016 Deferred Compensation Plan for Non-Employee Directors (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.30 of WestRock s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2016). 

10.19 

Employee Stock Purchase Plan, dated February 2, 2016 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of WestRock s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2016). 

10.20(a) 

WestRock Company 2016 Incentive Stock Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of WestRock s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2016). 

10.20(b) 

WestRock Company Amended and Restated 2016 Incentive Stock Plan (incorporated by reference to pages B-1 to B-14 of WestRock s Definitive Proxy Statement for the 2018 Annual Meeting of Shareholders filed with the SEC on December 19, 2017). 

10.21 

Master Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated October 28, 2013, by and among MeadWestvaco Corporation, MWV Community Development and Land Management, LLC and MWV Community Development, Inc., as sellers, and Plum Creek Timberlands, L.P., Plum Creek Marketing, Inc., Plum Creek Land Company and Highland Mineral Resources, LLC, as purchasers, and Plum Creek Timber Company, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 of MWV s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 29, 2013). 

10.22 

Summary of MeadWestvaco Corporation 2014 Long-Term Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.51 of MWV s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2014). 

10.23 

Amendments to Grants under the MeadWestvaco Corporation 2005 Performance Incentive Plan Amended and Restated Effective February 25, 2013 (2005 Performance Incentive Plan), effective January 27, 2014 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.47 of MWV s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2013). 

10.24(a) 

Sixth Amended and Restated Receivables Sale Agreement, dated July 22, 2016, among WestRock Company of Texas, WestRock Converting Company, WestRock Mill Company, LLC, WestRock - Southern Container, LLC, WestRock California, Inc., WestRock Minnesota Corporation, WestRock CP, LLC, WestRock - Solvay, LLC, WestRock - REX, LLC, WestRock - Graphics, Inc., WestRock Commercial, LLC, WestRock Packaging, Inc., WestRock Slatersville LLC, WestRock Consumer Packaging Group, LLC, WestRock Dispensing Systems, Inc., and WestRock Packaging Systems, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.20 of WestRock s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2016). 

10.24(b) 

Amendment No. 1, dated as of May 2, 2019, to the Sixth Amended and Restated Receivables Sale Agreement, among WestRock Company of Texas, WestRock Converting Company, WestRock Mill Company, LLC, WestRock - Southern Container, LLC, WestRock California, Inc., WestRock Minnesota Corporation, WestRock CP, LLC, WestRock - Solvay, LLC, WestRock - REX, LLC, WestRock - Graphics, Inc., WestRock Commercial, LLC, WestRock Packaging, Inc., WestRock Slatersville LLC, WestRock Consumer Packaging Group, LLC, WestRock Dispensing Systems, Inc., and WestRock Packaging Systems, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of WestRock s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2019). 

140 

10.25(a) 

Amendment No. 1, dated as of May 2, 2019, to the Eighth Amended and Restated Credit and Security Agreement among WestRock Financial Inc., WestRock Converting Company, the lenders and co-agents from time to time party thereto and Co peratieve Rabobank, U.A. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of WestRock s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2019). 

10.25(b) 

Amendment No. 2, dated as of March 27, 2020, to the Eighth Amended and Restated Credit and Security Agreement among WestRock Financial Inc., WestRock Converting Company, the lenders and co-agents from time to time party thereto and Co peratieve Rabobank, U.A. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of WestRock s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2020). 

10.25(c) 

Amendment No. 3, dated as of March 12, 2021, to the Eighth Amended and Restated Credit and Security Agreement among WestRock Financial Inc., WestRock Converting Company, the lenders and co-agents from time to time party thereto and Co peratieve Rabobank, U.A. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of WestRock s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2021). 

10.26(a) 

Credit Agreement, dated as of July 1, 2015, among the Company, Rock-Tenn Company of Canada Holdings Corp./Compagnie de Holdings RockTenn du Canada Corp., certain subsidiaries of the Company from time to time party thereto as subsidiary borrowers, certain subsidiaries of the Company from time to time party thereto as guarantors, the lenders party thereto and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as administrative agent and multicurrency agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of WestRock s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 2, 2015). 

10.26(b) 

Amendment No. 1, dated July 1, 2015, among WestRock Company, WestRock Company of Canada Holdings Corp./Compagnie de Holdings WestRock du Canada Corp., the other Credit Parties, the Lenders thereto and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as administrative agent and multicurrency agent for the Lenders to the Credit Agreement, dated July 1, 2015 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.27.1 of WestRock s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 7, 2016). 

10.26(c) 

Amendment No. 2, dated June 30, 2017, to the Credit Agreement, dated July 1, 2015, among WestRock Company, WestRock Company of Canada Holdings Corp./Compagnie de Holdings WestRock du Canada Corp., the other Credit Parties, the Lenders thereto and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as administrative agent and multicurrency agent for the Lenders (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of WestRock s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2017). 

10.26(d) 

Amendment No. 3, dated as of March 7, 2018, to the Credit Agreement, dated as of July 1, 2015, among WestRock Company, WestRock Company of Canada Holdings Corp./Compagnie de Holdings WestRock du Canada Corp., WestRock RKT Company, WestRock MWV, LLC, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, and the lenders party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of WestRock s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 9, 2018). 

10.26(e) 

Joinder, dated as of November 2, 2018, to the Credit Agreement, dated as of July 1, 2015, among the Company, WRKCo, WestRock Company of Canada Holdings Corp./Compagnie de Holdings WestRock du Canada Corp. and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as administrative agent and multicurrency agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of WestRock s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 5, 2018). 

10.26(f) 

Amendment No. 4, dated as of November 21, 2019, to the Credit Agreement, dated as of July 1, 2015, among WRKCo Inc., WestRock Company of Canada Corp./Compagnie WestRock du Canada Corp., WRK Luxembourg S. r.l., the other credit parties, the lenders party thereto and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association as administrative agent and multicurrency agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of WestRock's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 25, 2019). 

10.27 

Credit Agreement, dated as of September 27, 2019, among WestRock Southeast, LLC, as borrower, the guarantors from time to time thereunder, the lenders party thereto and CoBank, ACB, as administrative agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of WestRock s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 27, 2019). 

141 

10.28 

Fifth Amended and Restated Performance Undertaking, dated as of September 1, 2015, executed by Westrock RKT Company, as successor-in-interest to Rock-Tenn Company, and Westrock Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.29 of WestRock s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2015). 

10.29 

Uncommitted Line of Credit, dated March 4, 2016, between Co peratieve Rabobank U.A., New York Branch and WestRock Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 of WestRock s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2016). 

10.30 

Commitment Agreement, dated September 8, 2016, among WestRock Company, Prudential Insurance Company of America and State Street Bank and Trust Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.44 of WestRock s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2016). 

10.31(a) 

Credit Agreement, dated as of March 7, 2018, among Whiskey Holdco, Inc., as borrower, WestRock Company and its subsidiaries from time to time party thereto, as guarantors, the lenders from time to time party thereto and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as administrative agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of WestRock s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 9, 2018). 

10.31(b) 

Amendment No. 1, dated as of February 26, 2019, to the Credit Agreement, dated as of March 7, 2018, among WRKCo Inc., the other credit parties from time to time party thereto, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association and the lenders referred to therein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 of WestRock s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2019). 

10.31(c) 

Amendment No. 2, dated as of November 21, 2019, to the Credit Agreement, dated as of March 7, 2018, among WRKCo Inc., the other credit parties, the lenders party thereto and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association as administrative agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of WestRock's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 25, 2019). 

10.32(a) 

Credit Agreement, dated as of April 27, 2018, among WestRock Company, as parent, WRK Luxembourg S. r.l., WRK International Holdings S. r.l., Multi Packaging Solutions Limited and WestRock Packaging Systems Germany GmbH, as borrowers, the lenders party thereto and Co peratieve Rabobank U.A., New York Branch, as administrative agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of WestRock s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 30, 2018). 

10.32(b) 

Joinder, dated as of November 2, 2018, to the Credit Agreement dated as of April 27, 2018, by and among the Company, WRKCo and Co peratieve Rabobank U.A., New York Branch, as administrative agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 of WestRock s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 5, 2018). 

10.32(c) 

Amendment No. 1, dated as of November 21, 2019, to the Credit Agreement, dated as of April 27, 2018, among WRKCo Inc., WRK Luxembourg S. r.l., WRK International Holdings S. . r.l., Multi Packaging Solutions Limited, WestRock Packaging Systems Germany GmbH, the other guarantors and lenders thereto and Co peratieve Rabobank U.A., New York Branch, as administrative agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of WestRock's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 25, 2019). 

10.32(d) 

Credit Agreement, dated as of February 26, 2021, by and among WRKCo Inc., as Parent, Westrock Company, WRK Luxembourg S. r.l., WRK International Holdings S. r.l., Multi Packaging Solutions Limited, WestRock Packaging Systems Germany GmbH and certain additional subsidiaries of WestRock Company from time to time party hereto, as Borrowers, the lenders party thereto, Co peratieve Rabobank U.A., New York Branch, as Administrative Agent, Co peratieve Rabobank U.A., New York Branch, as Joint Lead Arranger and Sole Bookrunner, and Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation, TD Bank, N.A., Bank of America Europe Designated Activity Company, The Bank of Nova Scotia, and ING Bank N.V., Dublin Branch, as Joint Lead Arrangers and Co-Syndication Agents.(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of WestRock's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ending March 31, 2021). 

10.33 

Form of Dealer Agreement among WestRock Company, WRKCo Inc., WestRock RKT, LLC, WestRock MWV, LLC and the Dealer party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of WestRock s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 10, 2018). 

142 

10.34 

Letter Agreement between MeadWestvaco Corporation, Rock-Tenn Company and John A. Luke, Jr., dated June 30, 2015 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.25 of WestRock s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2015). 

10.35 

Employment Agreement, dated July 31, 2007, between Southern Container Corp. and Jeffrey W. Chalovich (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.3 of WestRock s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 16, 2016). 

10.36 

Employment Agreement, dated January 23, 2017, among Multi Packaging Solutions International Limited, WestRock Company and Marc Shore (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Multi Packaging Solutions Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 24, 2017). 

10.37(a) 

WestRock Company Executive Severance Plan, dated April 5, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of WestRock s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 9, 2019). 

10.37(b) 

Amendment No. 1 to WestRock Company Executive Severance Plan, dated April 22, 2019. 

10.38 

Amended and Restated WestRock Company 401(k) Retirement Savings Plan, effective as of July 1, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of WestRock s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2020). 

10.39 

WestRock Company 2020 Incentive Stock Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.44 of WestRock's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2020). 

21 

Subsidiaries of the Registrant. 

22 

List of Guarantor Subsidiaries and Issuers of Guaranteed Securities (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 22 of WestRock s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended December 31, 2020). 

23 

Consent of Ernst & Young LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 

31.1 

Certification Accompanying Periodic Report Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, executed by David B. Sewell, Chief Executive Officer and President of WestRock Company. 

31.2 

Certification Accompanying Periodic Report Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, executed by Alexander W. Pease, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of WestRock Company. 

#32.1 

Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, executed by David B. Sewell, Chief Executive Officer and President of WestRock Company, and by Alexander W. Pease, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of WestRock Company. 

101.INS 

Inline XBRL Instance Document the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 

101.SCH 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema. 

101.CAL 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase. 

101.DEF 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Label Linkbase. 

101.LAB 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase. 

101.PRE 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase. 

104 

Cover Page Interactive Data File the cover page interactive data file does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document (included in Exhibit 101). 

Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 
 143 

Confidential treatment has been requested for certain portions omitted from this exhibit pursuant to Rule 24b-2 under the Exchange Act. Confidential portions of this exhibit have been separately filed with the SEC. 
 P Paper filing. 
 # In accordance with SEC Release No. 33-8238, Exhibit 32.1 is to be treated as accompanying this report rather than filed as part of the report. 
 144 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

WESTROCK COMPANY 

Dated: 
 
 November 19, 2021 

By: 
 
 /s/ DAVID B. SEWELL 

David B. Sewell 

Chief Executive Officer and President 

145 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated: 

Signature 

Title 

Date 

/s/ DAVID B. SEWELL 

Chief Executive Officer and President 

November 19, 2021 

David B. Sewell 

(Principal Executive Officer), Director 

/s/ ALEXANDER W. PEASE 

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

November 19, 2021 

Alexander W. Pease 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

/s/ JULIA A. MCCONNELL 

Senior Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer 

November 19, 2021 

Julia A. McConnell 

(Principal Accounting Officer) 

/s/ JOHN A. LUKE, JR. 

Director, Non-Executive Chairman of the Board 

November 19, 2021 

John A. Luke, Jr. 

/s/ COLLEEN F. ARNOLD 

Director 

November 19, 2021 

Colleen F. Arnold 

/s/ TIMOTHY J. BERNLOHR 

Director 

November 19, 2021 

Timothy J. Bernlohr 

/s/ J. POWELL BROWN 

Director 

November 19, 2021 

J. Powell Brown 

/s/ TERRELL K. CREWS 

Director 

November 19, 2021 

Terrell K. Crews 

/s/ RUSSELL M. CURREY 

Director 

November 19, 2021 

Russell M. Currey 

/s/ SUZAN F. HARRISON 

Director 

November 19, 2021 

Suzan F. Harrison 

/s/ GRACIA C. MARTORE 

Director 

November 19, 2021 

Gracia C. Martore 

/s/ JAMES E. NEVELS 

Director 

November 19, 2021 

James E. Nevels 

/s/ BETTINA M. WHYTE 

Director 

November 19, 2021 

Bettina M. Whyte 

/s/ ALAN D. WILSON 

Director 

November 19, 2021 

Alan D. Wilson 

146 

<EX-10.37(B)>
 2
 wrk-ex1037b_95.htm
 EX-10.37(B)

wrk-ex1037b_95.htm

Exhibit 10.37(b) 
 AMENDMENT NUMBER 1 TO 

WESTROCK COMPANY EXECUTIVE SEVERANCE PLAN 

1. INTRODUCTION 
 
 (a) Amendment and Effective Date. WestRock adopted the WestRock Company Executive Severance Plan (the "Plan") as of April 5, 2019 and effective as of February 1, 2019 (the "Effective Date" . WestRock desires to amend the Plan as set forth herein (the "Amendment"). All capitalized terms used herein and not defined herein shall have the definition set forth in the Pla n . 
 
 2. AMENDED PROVISION OF THE PLAN 
 
 The first paragraph of Section 2(b) of the Plan is hereby deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following language: 
 
 (b) Eligible Termination. You will incur an "Eligible Te1mination , " and therefore may be eligible to receive benefits under the Plan, if you are an Eligible Executive and your employment is involuntarily terminated by the Company for a reason other than (i) Cause, (ii) your termination of employment after you have qualified to receive long term disability benefits under a Company plan or (iii) your termination of employment after extended absence (greater than 30 days) from which you have failed to return in accordance with the terms of any leave policy established by the Company. An "Eligible Termination" does not include your retirement, death or voluntary termination. You will not be considered a participant in the Plan until you have experienced an Eligible Termination. 
 
 3. AMENDED PROVISION OF THE RELEASE 
 
 Section (d) on page 4 of the Separation Agreement and Release (which is Exhibit A of the 
 Plan) under the lead in "I acknowledge and agreement:" is hereby deleted in its entirety. 
 
 4. EFFECT ON THE PLAN 
 
 Except as expressly amended hereby, the Plan is hereby affirmed and deemed to continue in full force and effect in accordance with the provisions thereof on the date hereo f . 

WESTROCK COMPANY 
 
 By: /s/ Ward H. Dickson 
 Date: April 22, 2019 

</EX-10.37(B)>

<EX-21>
 3
 wrk-ex21_15.htm
 EX-21

wrk-ex21_15.htm

EXHIBIT 21 
 WESTROCK COMPANY 
 SIGNIFICANT SUBSIDIARIES OF WESTROCK COMPANY 
 as of September 30, 2021 

Name 
 
 State or Jurisdiction of Incorporation 

WRKCo Inc 
 
 Delaware, USA 

WestRock RKT, LLC 
 
 Georgia, USA 

WestRock MWV, LLC 
 
 Delaware, USA 

WestRock CP, LLC 
 
 Delaware, USA 

WestRock Coated Board, LLC 
 
 Delaware, USA 

WRK International Holdings Sarl 
 
 Luxembourg 

WestRockTimber Note Holding Company III 
 
 Delaware, USA 

WestRock Converting, LLC 
 
 Georgia, USA 

WestRock Kraft Paper, LLC 
 
 Delaware, USA 

WestRock Paper and Packaging, LLC 
 
 Delaware, USA 

WestRock Luxembourg S.a.r.l. 
 
 Luxembourg 

Multi Packaging Solutions Global Holdings Ltd 
 
 Nottingham, UK 

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 4
 wrk-ex23_10.htm
 EX-23

wrk-ex23_10.htm

EXHIBIT 23 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the following Registration Statements: 

(1) 
 
 Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-205564) pertaining to the MeadWestvaco Corporation Savings and Employee Stock Ownership Plan for Bargained Hourly Employees, the MeadWestvaco Corporation 2005 Performance Incentive Plan, as Amended and Restated, the MeadWestvaco Corporation Compensation Plan for Non-Employee Directors, the MeadWestvaco Corporation Deferred Income Plan, the MeadWestvaco Corporation 1996 Stock Option Plan, the RockTenn Amended and Restated 2004 Incentive Stock Plan, the RockTenn 2004 Incentive Stock Plan, the RockTenn (SSCC) Equity Incentive Plan and the RockTenn Supplemental Retirement Savings Plan, 

(2) 
 
 Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-209343) pertaining to the WestRock Company 2016 Incentive Stock Plan and the WestRock Company Employee Stock Purchase Plan, 

(3) 
 
 Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-218572) pertaining to the Multi Packaging Solutions International Limited 2015 Incentive Award Plan, 

(4) 
 
 Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-222849) pertaining to the WestRock Company Amended and Restated 2016 Incentive Stock Plan, 

(5) 
 
 Registration Statement (Form S-3 No. 333-218673) pertaining to the registration of 2,475,000 shares of WestRock Company common stock, 

(6) 
 
 Registration Statement (From S-8 No. 333-228257) pertaining to the registration of common stock issuable under the MeadWestvaco Corporation 2005 Performance Incentive Plan, as Amended and Restated, the Rock-Tenn Company Amended and Restated 2004 Incentive Stock Plan, the Rock-Tenn Company (SSCC) Equity Incentive Plan, the WestRock Company Amended and Restated 2016 Incentive Stock Plan, the Multi Packaging Solutions International Limited 2015 Incentive Award Plan, the WestRock Company Employee Stock Purchase Plan, the KapStone Paper and Packaging 2016 Incentive Plan, the KapStone Paper and Packaging 2014 Incentive Plan, and the KapStone Paper and Packaging Amended and Restated 2006 Incentive Plan, 

(7) 
 
 Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-211608) pertaining to the KapStone Paper and Packaging 2016 Incentive Plan, 

(8) 
 
 Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-196330) pertaining to the KapStone Paper and Packaging 2014 Incentive Plan, 

(9) 
 
 Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-167181) pertaining to the KapStone Paper and Packaging Amended and Restated 2006 Incentive Plan, 

(10) 
 
 Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-163667) pertaining to the KapStone Paper and Packaging 2009 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, 

(11) 
 
 Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-141916) pertaining to the KapStone Paper and Packaging 2006 Incentive Plan, 

(12) 
 
 Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-238517) pertaining to the WestRock Company 401(k) Retirement Savings Plan, 

(13) 
 
 Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-252597) pertaining to the WestRock Company 2020 Incentive Stock Plan, 

(14) 
 
 Registration Statement (Form S-4 No. 333-223964) pertaining to the registration of shares, 

(15) 
 
 Registration Statement (Form S-4 No. 333-229274) pertaining to the registration of notes, and 

(16) 
 
 Registration Statement (Form S-3 No. 333-231456) pertaining to the registration of WestRock Company securities (and guarantees thereof) and WRKCo Inc. securities (and guarantees thereof); 

 of our reports dated November 19, 2021, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of WestRock Company and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of WestRock Company included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) of WestRock Company for the year ended September 30, 2021. 
 /s/ Ernst Young LLP 
 Atlanta, Georgia 
 November 19, 2021 

</EX-23>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 wrk-ex311_9.htm
 EX-31.1

wrk-ex311_9.htm

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION ACCOMPANYING PERIODIC REPORT 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 
 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, David B. Sewell, Chief Executive Officer and President, certify that: 

1. 
 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of WestRock Company; 

2. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 
 The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 
 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 
 The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: 

November 19, 2021 
 
 /s/ David B. Sewell 

David B. Sewell 

Chief Executive Officer and President 

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 302, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 302, has been provided to WestRock Company and will be retained by WestRock Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 wrk-ex312_12.htm
 EX-31.2

wrk-ex312_12.htm

Exhibi t 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION ACCOMPANYING PERIODIC REPORT 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 
 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Alexander W. Pease, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, certify that: 

1. 
 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of WestRock Company; 

2. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 
 The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 
 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 
 The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: 
 
 November 19, 2021 
 
 /s/ Alexander W. Pease 

Alexander W. Pease 

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 302, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 302, has been provided to WestRock Company and will be retained by WestRock Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 wrk-ex321_11.htm
 EX-32.1

wrk-ex321_11.htm

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE 
 SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of WestRock Company (the Corporation ), for the year ended September 30, 2021, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), the undersigned, David B. Sewell, Chief Executive Officer and President of the Corporation, and Alexander W. Pease, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Corporation, each certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) 
 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Corporation. 

/s/ David B. Sewell 

David B. Sewell 

Chief Executive Officer and President 

November 19, 2021 

/s/ Alexander W. Pease 

Alexander W. Pease 

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

November 19, 2021 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 wrk-20210930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 wrk-20210930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 wrk-20210930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 wrk-20210930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 wrk-20210930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

