<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20211118_10-K_edgar_data_858655_0001558370-21-016206.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>17974806</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>375335</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2066283</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>6929552</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3007036</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>5020619</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>14</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001558370-21-016206.hdr.sgml : 20211118
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20211118160611
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001558370-21-016206
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		126
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20210930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20211118
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20211118

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			HAYNES INTERNATIONAL INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000858655
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	STEEL WORKS, BLAST FURNACES & ROLLING & FINISHING MILLS [3310]
		IRS NUMBER:				061185400
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0930

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-33288
		FILM NUMBER:		211424459

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1020 WEST PARK AVE
		STREET 2:		PO BOX 9013
		CITY:			KOKOMO
		STATE:			IN
		ZIP:			46904
		BUSINESS PHONE:		3174566005

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1020 WEST PARK AVE
		CITY:			KOKOMO
		STATE:			IN
		ZIP:			46904-9013

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001558370-21-016206.txt : 20211118

10-K
 1
 hayn-20210930x10k.htm
 10-K

Table of Contents 
 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM (Mark One) ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended or TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from to Commission file number HAYNES INTERNATIONAL, INC. (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) Registrant s telephone number, including area code Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol Name of each exchange on which registered Securities registered pursuant to section 12(g) of the Act: None . Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting Company Emerging growth company Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. Yes No If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No As of March 31, 2021, the aggregate market value of the registrant s common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant was based on the closing sale price as reported on the NASDAQ Global Market. Shares of common stock held by each executive officer and director and by each person who owns 10 or more of the outstanding common stock have been excluded in that such persons may be deemed to be affiliates. This determination of affiliate status is not necessarily a conclusive determination for other purposes. shares of Haynes International, Inc. common stock were outstanding as of November 18, 2021. DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE Portions of the registrant s Proxy Statement to be delivered to stockholders in connection with the 2022 Annual Meeting of Stockholders have been incorporated by reference into Part III of this report. 

Table of Contents 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS Page No. Part I Item 1. Business 3 Item 1A. Risk Factors 20 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 35 Item 2. Properties 35 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 36 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 37 Part II Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 38 Item 6. Selected Financial Data 40 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 41 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 57 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 58 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 97 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 97 Item 9B. Other Information 97 Part III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 98 Item 11. Executive Compensation 98 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 98 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 98 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 99 Part IV Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 99 Index to Exhibits 100 Signatures 102 
 1 

Table of Contents 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains statements that constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, each as amended. All statements other than statements of historical fact, including statements regarding market and industry prospects and future results of operations or financial position, made in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are forward-looking. In many cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology, such as may , should , expects , intends , plans , anticipates , believes , estimates , predicts , potential or continue or the negative of such terms and other comparable terminology. The forward-looking information may include, among other information, statements concerning the Company s outlook for fiscal year 2022 and beyond, overall volume and pricing trends, cost reduction strategies and their anticipated results, market and industry trends, capital expenditures, dividends and the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the economy, demand for our products and our operations, including the measures taken by governmental authorities to address the pandemic, which may precipitate or exacerbate other risks and/or uncertainties. There may also be other statements of expectations, beliefs, future plans and strategies, anticipated events or trends and similar expressions concerning matters that are not historical facts. Readers are cautioned that any such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties, including, without limitation, those risk factors set forth in Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Actual results may differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, risks and uncertainties many of which are beyond the Company s control. The Company has based these forward-looking statements on its current expectations and projections about future events, including our expectations with respect to the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. Although the Company believes that the assumptions on which the forward-looking statements contained herein are based are reasonable, any of those assumptions could prove to be inaccurate. As a result, the forward-looking statements based upon those assumptions also could be incorrect. The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. 
 2 

Table of Contents 
 Part I Item 1. Busines s Overview Haynes International, Inc. Haynes , the Company , we , our or us is one of the world s largest producers of high-performance nickel- and cobalt-based alloys in flat product form such as sheet, coil and plate forms. The Company is focused on developing, manufacturing, marketing and distributing technologically advanced, high-performance alloys, which are sold primarily in the aerospace, chemical processing and industrial gas turbine industries. The Company s products consist of high-temperature resistant alloys, or HTA products, and corrosion-resistant alloys, or CRA products. HTA products are used by manufacturers of equipment that is subjected to extremely high temperatures, such as jet engines for the aerospace market, gas turbine engines used for power generation and industrial heating equipment. CRA products are used in applications that require resistance to very corrosive media found in chemical processing, power plant emissions control and hazardous waste treatment. Management believes Haynes is one of the principal producers of high-performance alloy products in sheet, coil and plate forms, and sales of these forms, in the aggregate, represented approximately 60 of net product revenues in fiscal 2021. The Company also produces its products as seamless and welded tubulars, represented approximately 14 of net product revenues and in wire form, represented approximately 10 of net product revenues. The company also produces in slab, bar and billet form and sales of these forms, in the aggregate, represented approximately 16 of net product revenues. The Company has significant manufacturing facilities in Kokomo, Indiana; Arcadia, Louisiana; and Mountain Home, North Carolina. The Kokomo facility specializes in flat products, the Arcadia facility specializes in tubular products, and the Mountain Home facility specializes in wire products. The Company s products are sold primarily through its direct sales organization, which includes 11 service and/or sales centers in the United States, Europe and Asia. All of these centers are Company-operated. In fiscal 2021, approximately 78 of the Company s net revenue was generated by its direct sales organization, and the remaining 22 was generated by a network of independent distributors, resellers and sales agents that supplement its direct sales efforts primarily in the United States, Europe and Asia, some of whom have been associated with the Company for over 30 years. Available Information The address of the Company s website is www.haynesintl.com . The Company provides a link to its reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 on its website as soon as reasonably practicable after filing with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. The filings available on the Company s website date back to February 3, 2011. For all filings made prior to that date, the Company s website includes a link to the website of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, where such filings are available. Information contained or referenced on the Company s website is not incorporated by reference into, and does not form a part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. For a statement of the Company s profits and losses and total assets, please see the financial statements of the Company included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Business Strategy The Company has undergone a significant positive transformation driven by a focus on price increases and cost reductions. One result of this transformation has been a 25 reduction in its volume breakeven point from roughly 5 million pounds shipped to below 4 million pounds with the current product mix; as proven this fiscal year with the Company s profitable third quarter results at only 3.7 million pounds shipped. This lower breakeven point may be affected by product mix going forward but is expected to provide favorable incremental gross margin leverage with increasing volumes as anticipated in fiscal year 2022. The COVID-19 global pandemic had a significant impact on the Company s financial results with substantial reductions in volumes and revenue in both fiscal years 2020 and 2021. During this period, the Company adjusted its strategy to pivot to a cost reduction and cash generation focus. This proved to be successful as the cash generated allowed for the implementation of a value-creating capital allocation strategy launched in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2021, further 
 3 

Table of Contents 
 described below. The cost reductions achieved that are related to process and yield improvements are expected to be not only sustainable but more fully realized as volumes improve. As volumes have begun to improve, the Company has returned to profitability, and the strategy has pivoted back to growing the business by increasing revenues, gross margin percentage and cash flow, while continuing to be the customers provider of choice for high-performance alloys and value-added processes. The Company has implemented a series of focus initiatives designed to unlock the potential of the Company by increasing volumes, improving pricing and relentlessly pursuing reduced costs, with the goal of expansion of the gross margin percentage. These goals are pursued within the overarching goal of safety, which continues to be the Company s core priority. While maintaining this focus, the Company continues to evaluate new opportunities and applications for its products, particularly in its core markets of aerospace, chemical processing and industrial gas turbines, but also in the areas of renewable clean energy sources and other developing technologies relating to environmental and climate change issues. This includes new generation jet engines with better fuel efficiency and less emissions, as well as the use or consideration for use of HAYNES alloys in advanced ultra-supercritical power plants, concentrated solar power, fuel cells, waste-to-energy and use of supercritical-CO 2 power cycles for energy generation. Innovation is a foundational strength of the Company with its exceptional technical expertise. The following provides further discussion on certain focus initiatives that are core to this strategy. Set prices to ensure the Company is compensated for the high-value differentiated products and services it provides. The Company favorably adjusted pricing year-over-year; which is expected to continue as additional agreements are renewed. These price increases are in addition to raw material price increases and contribute to improving margins. The Company is also focused on price increases to offset inflationary increases in the Company s costs. Optimize processes to reduce costs. The Company is pursuing operational improvements, which include specific cost reduction projects. This ongoing pursuit includes initiatives in many different areas such as material management, productivity enhancements, yield and efficiency improvements and process optimization. These cost reductions are sustainable and expected to have a larger favorable impact with increasing volumes. Increase revenues by inventing new alloys, developing new applications and expanding into new markets. The Company believes it is an industry leader in inventing new alloys to meet its customers specialized and demanding requirements. The Company continues to work closely with customers and end users of its products to identify opportunities to develop and manufacture new high-performance alloys. The Company s technical programs have yielded many new proprietary alloys with multiple applications, an accomplishment that the Company believes distinguishes it from its competitors. 
 Developing new applications for its new and existing alloys is also a key strength and strategy of the Company. The Company leverages its technical expertise to develop unique applications for its products, especially proprietary and specialty alloys that can yield higher margins. These new applications, including use in unique special projects and new programs, are an important part of the Company s growth and profitability strategy. Through development of new alloys and new applications, the Company is seeking to participate in additional markets with new revenue streams beyond the core markets of aerospace, chemical processing and industrial gas turbine. The Company believes that medical/pharmaceutical, consumer electronics, petrochemical and emerging technologies such as renewable and clean energy, hydrogen production and next-generation nuclear power generation all present possible significant growth opportunities for its products. Increase revenues and provide additional product differentiation by providing value-added processing services and leveraging the Company s global distribution network. The Company believes that its network of service and sales centers throughout the United States, Europe and Asia distinguishes it from its 
 4 

Table of Contents 
 competitors, many of whom operate only mills. The Company s service and sales centers enable it to develop close customer relationships through direct interaction with customers and to respond to customer orders quickly, while also providing value-added cutting services such as laser, plasma and water-jet cutting. These services allow the Company s customers to minimize their processing costs and outsource non-core activities. Increasing market share by leveraging its unique business model. The Company is both a mill and a service center. This allows for mill flexibility and value-added services for the customer as described above. This business model focuses on superior customer service. The Company s strategy leverages this differentiator to grow market share, as reflected by its recent market share growth in the industrial gas turbine market. In addition, the Company believes that the maintenance, repair and overhaul, or MRO, business represents a recurring revenue stream that can be expanded post-pandemic. Products used in the Company s end markets require periodic replacement due to the extreme environments in which they are used, which drives demand for recurring MRO work. Continue to expand the Company s environmental, social, and governance (ESG) initiatives. The Company is committed to a culture of openness, trust and integrity in all aspects of its business. These high standards governing business conduct are for the good of the Company, its employees, its shareholders and its customers. The Company has a number of policies in place governing ethical conduct and believes that all people should be treated with respect in an inclusive and diverse environment. In addition, the Company has always been conscious of its environmental impact and is actively working to lighten its carbon footprint. This includes a notable solar power project at its North Carolina facility that is expected to provide over 50 of the electricity needed to power the facility upon completion of the project. Another important ESG consideration is the customers use of the Company s products. The Company s products are used as a part of the ever increasing demand for more efficient, cleaner and renewable energy that has led to the development of several emerging technologies requiring high-performance alloys for demanding operating conditions. Capitalize on strategic equipment investment. The Company expects to continue to improve operations and gain traction in realizing a return on investment of capital in manufacturing facilities and equipment. Management believes that the Company s capital investments will enable it to continue to satisfy long-term customer demand for value-added products. Increase profitability through strategic acquisitions and alliances. The Company intends to continue to examine opportunities that enable it to enhance shareholder value. These opportunities may include product line additions, market expansion opportunities or other cost synergies. The Company also plans to continue to evaluate strategic relationships in the industry in order to enhance its competitive position and relationships with customers. Implementation of a value-creating capital allocation strategy. The Company implemented a share repurchase program in the third quarter of fiscal 2021 because management believes the market presents a unique opportunity to repurchase shares well below the intrinsic value of the Company. This belief arises from several factors, including the outlook of the Company s end markets, particularly the anticipated recovery in commercial aerospace, combined with the Company s gross margin expansion strategies. In the third quarter, the Company also established strategies to de-risk the U.S. pension plan and strive to decrease and eventually eliminate the associated liability, which was the largest liability on its balance sheet. The U.S. Pension net liability was 105 million at the beginning of the fiscal year and decreased to 26 million at the end of the fiscal year; a drop of 79 million. A glide path was adopted to help secure funding improvements realized this fiscal year including a customized liability driven investing (LDI) strategy designed to reduce interest rate risk and equity risk. The strategy also included an accelerated funding strategy with the intention of fully funding the plan in two to three years. This strategy included a lump-sum contribution of 15 million into the plan in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2021. The funding percentage started the fiscal year at 68 and ended the year at 91 . 

 5 

Table of Contents 
 Products The global specialty alloy market includes stainless steel, titanium alloys, general-purpose nickel alloys and high-performance nickel- and cobalt-based alloys. The Company believes that the high-performance alloy sector represents less than 10 of the total alloy market. The Company competes primarily in the high-performance nickel- and cobalt-based alloy sectors, which includes HTA products and CRA products. In each year of fiscal 2019, 2020 and 2021, HTA products accounted for approximately 80 , 81 and 75 of the Company s net revenues, and sales of the Company s CRA products accounted for approximately 20 , 19 and 25 of the Company s net revenues. These percentages are based on data which include revenue associated with sales by the Company to its foreign subsidiaries, but exclude revenue associated with sales by foreign subsidiaries to their customers. Management believes, however, that the effect of including revenue data associated with sales by its foreign subsidiaries would not materially change the percentages presented in this section. High-temperature Resistant Alloys. HTA products are used primarily in manufacturing components for the hot sections of gas turbine engines. Stringent safety and performance standards in the aerospace industry result in development lead times typically as long as eight to ten years in the introduction of new aerospace-related market applications for HTA products. However, once a particular new alloy is shown to possess the properties required for a specific application in the aerospace market, it tends to remain in use for extended periods. HTA products are also used in gas turbine engines produced for use in applications such as naval and commercial vessels, electric power generation, power sources for offshore drilling platforms, gas pipeline booster stations and emergency standby power generators. Corrosion-resistant Alloys. CRA products are used in a variety of applications, such as chemical and petrochemical processing, power plant emissions control, hazardous waste treatment, sour gas production and pharmaceutical vessels. Historically, the chemical processing market has represented the largest end-user sector for CRA products. Due to maintenance, safety and environmental considerations, the Company believes this market continues to represent an area of potential long-term growth. In addition to the use of CRA products in the chemical and petrochemical processing industry, the Company has seen an increased demand for some of these alloys in applications such as gas-to-liquid and synthetic gas. For improved efficiency within relevant applications, higher operating temperatures and harsher environmental conditions are required and, as a consequence, high-temperature, corrosion-resistant alloys are used. Some of our HTA products offer excellent resistance to oxidation, sulfidation, metal dusting and other high-temperature degradation modes. The Company expects this area of the chemical and petrochemical industry to represent potential long-term growth opportunities for HTA products. Unlike aerospace applications within the HTA product market, the development of new market applications for CRA products generally does not require long lead times. Material Resources Patents and Trademarks The Company currently maintains a total of approximately 22 published U.S. patents and applications and approximately 295 foreign counterpart patents and applications targeted at countries with significant or potential markets for the patented products. Since fiscal 2003, the Company s technical programs have yielded nine new proprietary alloys. The alloys being commercialized saw significant further advancement in the process during fiscal 2019, 2020 and 2021. The Company will continue to actively promote its new alloys through customer engineering visits, technical presentations and papers. In the aerospace, industrial gas turbine and high temperature markets, one of the alloys that has already seen significant commercial success is HAYNES 282 alloy. This alloy has an excellent combination of high temperature strength, formability and fabricability. There have been a significant number of customer tests and evaluations of this product for the hot sections of gas turbines in the aerospace and industrial gas turbine markets, and for other high temperature applications. The alloy has already been specified into major aerospace and industrial gas turbine applications, as well as for certain high temperature components in the automotive and industrial applications. Another new alloy for use in the aerospace and industrial gas turbine markets is HAYNES 244 alloy. It combines high strength to 1400 degrees Fahrenheit with a low coefficient of thermal expansion. Commercialization is ongoing for this alloy, and it has been specified into certain aerospace engine programs and is being evaluated on others. 
 6 

Table of Contents 
 In the chemical processing industry, customers have found extensive applications for HASTELLOY G-35 alloy, particularly in wet phosphoric acid production. Management expects demand for this alloy will continue to grow. Commercialization is also ongoing for HASTELLOY HYBRID-BC1 alloy. HYBRID-BC1 alloy is a CRA product with applications in the chemical processing and petrochemical industries that has demonstrated resistance to hydrochloric and sulfuric acid as well as several organic acids. In the oil and gas industry, HASTELLOY C-22HS alloy has found multiple applications. Commercialization of this alloy continues as is the testing, evaluation and promotion of this alloy with special emphasis on applications for this industry. In addition to the successful commercialization of the above alloys, the Company continues to develop applications for four new alloys which are still being scaled up at the mill and are in the early stages of the commercialization process. HAYNES NS-163 alloy is a nitride dispersion strengthened material that represents an entirely new metallurgical approach to achieving very high creep resistance at high temperatures. Technical process developments are still under investigation. HAYNES HR-224 alloy is an HTA product with superior resistance to oxidation and excellent fabricability, and is being assessed in certain current and emerging technology applications. HAYNES HR-235 alloy has excellent resistance to metal dusting in high temperature carbonaceous environments. Good progress in developing new applications for the alloy for petrochemical and syngas production applications has been made this past fiscal year. Most recently, HAYNES 233 TM alloy was introduced to provide excellent oxidation resistance coupled with superior creep strength at temperatures to 2100 F or higher. This combination of properties is believed not to have been achieved previously in a readily fabricable alloy. Significant progress has been made over the past year in developing applications for this new alloy. Patents or other proprietary rights are an important element of the Company s business. The Company s strategy is to file patent applications in the U.S. and any other country that represents an important potential commercial market to the Company. In addition, the Company seeks to protect technology that is important to the development of the Company s business. The Company also relies upon trade secret rights to protect its technologies and its development of new processes, applications and alloys. The Company protects its trade secrets in part through confidentiality and proprietary information agreements with its customers and employees. Trademarks on the names of many of the Company s alloys have also been applied for or granted in the U.S. and certain foreign countries. While the Company believes its patents are important to its competitive position, significant barriers to entry may exist beyond the expiration of any patent period. These barriers to entry include the unique equipment required to produce these materials and the exacting processes required to achieve the desired metallurgical properties. These processing requirements include optimal melting and thermo-mechanical processing parameters for each alloy. Management believes that the current alloy development programs and these barriers to entry reduce the impact of patent expirations on the Company. Raw Materials Raw materials represented an estimated 34 of cost of sales in fiscal 2021. Nickel, a major component of many of the Company s products, accounted for approximately 45 of raw material costs, or approximately 15 of total cost of sales in fiscal 2021. Other raw materials include cobalt, chromium, molybdenum and tungsten. Melt materials consist of virgin raw material, purchased scrap and internally produced scrap. The average nickel price per pound for cash buyers for the 30-day period ended on September 30, 2019, 2020 and 2021, as reported by the London Metals Exchange, was 8.02 6.74 and 8.80 respectively. Prices for certain other raw materials which are significant in the manufacture of the Company s products, such as cobalt, chromium and molybdenum were higher in fiscal 2021 compared to fiscal 2020. The Company s business model includes mill manufacturing and global distribution facilities, which create a long working capital cycle and contribute to a long position as it relates to commodity price risk, especially for product sold out of distribution facility inventory at spot prices. In addition, the type of high-performance products the Company produces require multiple production steps to create the final yielded product that is sold to the customer. These refining steps 
 7 

Table of Contents 
 generate high revert scrap pounds that are recycled back through the melt at metal value. This scrap cycle also contributes to a long position as it relates to commodity price risk. Although alternative sources of supply are available, the Company currently purchases nickel through an exclusive arrangement with a single supplier to ensure consistent quality and supply. The Company purchases raw materials through various arrangements including fixed-term contracts and spot purchases, which involve a variety of pricing mechanisms. In cases where the Company prices its products at the time of order placement, the Company attempts to establish selling prices with reference to known costs of materials, thereby reducing the risk associated with changes in the cost of raw materials. However, to the extent that the price of nickel fluctuates rapidly, there may be a favorable or unfavorable effect on the Company s gross profit margins. The Company periodically purchases material forward with certain suppliers in connection with fixed price agreements with customers. In the event a customer fails to meet the expected volume levels or the consumption schedule deviates from the expected schedule, a rapid or prolonged decrease in the price of raw materials could adversely affect the Company s operating results. The Company values inventory utilizing the first-in, first-out FIFO inventory costing methodology. Under the FIFO inventory costing method, the cost of materials included in cost of sales may be different from the current market price at the time of sale of finished product due to the length of time from the acquisition of the raw material to the sale of the finished product. In a period of decreasing raw material costs, the FIFO inventory valuation method normally results in higher costs of sales as compared to last-in, first out method. Conversely, in a period of rising raw material costs, the FIFO inventory valuation method normally results in lower costs of sales. End Markets The global specialty alloy market includes stainless steels, titanium alloys, general purpose nickel alloys and high-performance nickel- and cobalt-based alloys. Of this total market, the Company primarily competes in the high-performance nickel- and cobalt-based alloy sector, which demands diverse specialty alloys suitable for use in precision manufacturing. Given the technologically advanced nature of the products, strict requirements of the end users and higher-growth end markets, in general the Company believes the high-performance alloy sector provides greater growth potential, the opportunity for higher profit margins and greater opportunities for service, product and price differentiation as compared to the stainless steels and general-purpose nickel alloys markets. While stainless steel and general-purpose nickel alloys are generally sold in bulk through third-party distributors, the Company s products are sold in smaller-sized orders which are customized and typically handled on a direct-to-customer basis. The Company believes it is an industry leader in developing new alloys to meet its customers specialized and demanding requirements. The Company continues to work closely with customers and end users of its products to identify opportunities to develop and manufacture new high-performance alloys. The Company s technical programs have yielded many new proprietary alloys with multiple applications, an accomplishment that the Company believes distinguishes it from its competitors. Developing new applications for its new and existing alloys is also a key strength and strategy of the Company. The Company leverages its technical expertise to develop unique applications for its products, especially proprietary and specialty alloys that can yield higher margins. These new applications, including use in unique special projects and new programs, are an important part of the Company s growth and profitability strategy. Aerospace. The Company has manufactured HTA products for the aerospace market since the late 1930s and has developed numerous proprietary alloys for this market. Customers in the aerospace market tend to be the most demanding with respect to meeting specification requirements, precise tolerances and achieving new product performance standards. Stringent safety standards and continuous efforts to reduce equipment weight, reduce emissions, and develop more fuel-efficient designs require close coordination between the Company, the aero-engine OEM s, and its customers in the selection and development of HTA products. As a result, sales to aerospace customers tend to be made through the Company s direct sales force. Demand for the Company s products in the aerospace market is based on the new and replacement market for jet engines and the maintenance needs of operators of commercial and military aircraft. The Company s HTA products are used for static components in the hot sections of the aero-engine. The hot sections are 
 8 

Table of Contents 
 subjected to substantial wear and tear and require periodic maintenance, repair and overhaul. The Company views the maintenance, repair and overhaul (MRO) business as an area of continuing long-term growth post-pandemic. Chemical Processing. The chemical processing market represents a large base of customers with diverse CRA and HTA applications driven by demand for key end-use markets such as automobiles, housing, health care, biopharmaceuticals, agriculture and metals production. Both CRA and HTA supplied by the Company have been used in the chemical processing market since the early 1930s. Demand for the Company s products in this market is driven by the level of MRO and expansion requirements of existing chemical processing facilities, as well as the construction of new facilities. The expansion of manufacturing of chemicals from natural gas in North America is expected to be a driver of demand in this market. In addition, the Company believes the extensive worldwide network of Company-owned service and sales centers, as well as its network of independent distributors and sales agents who supplement the Company s direct sales efforts outside of the U.S., provide a competitive advantage in marketing its CRA and HTA products in the chemical processing market. Industrial Gas Turbine. Demand for the Company s products in the industrial gas turbine market is driven primarily by utility-scale electricity generation, both for base load as well as for backup generation during times of peak power demand. The benefit of these turbines are their relatively low cost, high efficiency, rapid response and reliability, especially as weather-controlled renewables have become major sources of electricity. An additional demand consideration is the drive to lower emissions from coal-fired generating facilities, since natural gas has gained acceptance as a cleaner, lower-cost alternative to coal. Industrial gas turbines are also used for power and propulsion in certain classes of ships and ferries, most commonly as derivatives of popular aero turbine engines. Demand is also generated by mechanical drive units used for oil and gas production and pipeline transportation and for back-up sources of power generation for hospitals and shopping malls. The Company also has a strong presence in micro turbine applications, which provide decentralized power and thermal heating for many key markets. The Company s products have allowed turbines to operate with higher temperatures and efficiencies for much longer service intervals. Other Markets. Other markets in which the Company sells its HTA products and CRA products include flue-gas desulfurization (FGD), oil and gas, waste incineration, industrial heat treating, automotive, thermocouples, sensors and instrumentation, biopharmaceuticals, solar and nuclear fuel. The FGD market has been driven by both legislated and self-imposed standards for lowering emissions from fossil fuel fired electric generating facilities. This market has softened and is expected to continue to soften in the U.S. if the trend to switch from coal to natural gas for power plants continues, but has continued potential in other regions of the world. The Company also sells its products for use in the oil and gas market, primarily in connection with sour gas production. In addition, incineration of municipal, biological, industrial and hazardous waste products typically produces very corrosive conditions that demand high performance alloys. The Company continues to look for opportunities to introduce and expand the use of its alloys in emerging technologies such as solar, fuel cells, ultra-supercritical steam and supercritical-CO2 power plants, and nuclear fuel applications. Markets capable of providing growth are being driven by increasing performance, reliability and service life requirements for products used in these markets, which could provide further applications for the Company s products. Through development of new alloys and new applications, the Company continues to seek to participate in additional markets with new revenue streams beyond the core markets of aerospace, chemical processing and industrial gas turbine industries. The Company believes that medical/pharmaceutical, consumer electronics, petrochemical and emerging technologies such as renewable and clean energy, hydrogen production, next-generation nuclear power generation and additive manufacturing all present possible significant growth opportunities for its products. Sales and Marketing and Distribution The Company sells its products primarily through its direct sales organization, which operates from 14 total locations in the U.S., Europe and Asia, 11of which are service and/or sales centers. All of the Company s service and/or sales centers are operated either directly by the Company or through its directly or indirectly wholly-owned subsidiaries. Approximately 78 of the Company s net revenue in fiscal 2021 was generated by the Company s direct sales organization. The remaining 22 of the Company s fiscal 2021 net revenues was generated by a network of independent distributors and sales agents who supplement the Company s direct sales in the U.S., Europe and Asia. Going forward, the Company expects its direct sales force to generate approximately 75 of its total net revenues. 
 9 

Table of Contents 
 Providing technical assistance to customers is an important part of the Company s marketing strategy. The Company provides performance analyses of its products and those of its competitors for its customers. These analyses enable the Company to evaluate the performance of its products enabling the products to be included as part of the technical specifications used in the production of customers products. The Company s market development professionals are assisted by its engineering and technology staff in directing the sales force to new opportunities. Management believes the Company s combination of direct sales, technical marketing, engineering and customer support provides an advantage over other manufacturers in the high-performance alloy industry. This framework allows the Company to obtain direct insight into customers alloy needs and to develop proprietary alloys that provide solutions to customers demanding applications. The Company continues to focus on growing its business in foreign markets, operating from service and sales centers in Asia and Europe (particularly the U.K.). While the Company is making concentrated efforts to expand foreign sales, the majority of its revenue continues to be provided by sales to U.S. customers. The Company s domestic expansion effort includes, but is not limited to, the continued expansion of ancillary product forms, the continued development of new high-performance alloys, the addition of equipment in U.S. service and sales centers to improve the Company s ability to provide a product closer to the form required by the customer and the continued effort, through the technical expertise of the Company, to find solutions to customer challenges. The following table sets forth the approximate percentage of the Company s fiscal 2021 net revenues generated through each of the Company s distribution channels. 

From From Domestic Foreign Locations Locations Total Company mill direct/service and sales centers 52 26 78 Independent distributors/sales agents 21 1 22 Total 73 27 100 The Company s top twenty customers accounted for approximately 44 , 43 and 34 of the Company s net revenues in fiscal 2019, 2020 and 2021, respectively. No customer or group of affiliated customers of the Company accounted for more than 10 of the Company s net revenues in fiscal 2019, 2020 or 2021. Manufacturing Process High performance alloys require an extensive knowledge of both the specific alloy systems, as well as the process parameters required to deliver a tightly controlled product to customer specifications. These products are tightly controlled from a chemistry standpoint, and require specialized equipment capable of delivering the physical and metallurgical properties that our customers require for their specialized applications. The number of process steps are typically more extensive for these high performance alloy systems as compared to what would be required for stainless or carbon steel products. This longer production cycle contributes to slower inventory turns. The Company manufactures its high-performance alloys in various forms, including sheet, coil, plate, billet/ingot, tubular, wire and other forms. The Company also performs value-added cutting services to supply certain customers with product cut to their specification. At the Kokomo, Indiana facility, the manufacturing process begins with raw materials being combined, melted and refined in a precise manner to produce the chemical composition specified for each high-performance alloy. The Company s primary melt facility utilizes two different melting processes. The ARC/AOD process utilizes electric melting and gas refinement to remove carbon and other undesirable elements, thereby allowing more tightly-controlled chemistries, which in turn produce more consistent properties in the high-performance alloys. The other primary melt method utilizes vacuum induction melting, which involves the melting of raw materials through electromagnetic induction while under vacuum conditions to produce the desired tightly-controlled chemistry. The control systems allow for statistical process control monitoring in real time to improve product quality. For most high-performance alloys, this molten material is cast into electrodes and additionally refined through electroslag remelting. The resulting ingots are then forged or rolled to an 
 10 

Table of Contents 
 intermediate shape and size depending upon the intended final product form. Intermediate shapes destined for flat products are then sent through a series of hot and cold rolling, annealing, pickling, leveling and shearing operations before being cut to final size. The Company has a four-high Steckel rolling mill for use in hot rolling high-performance alloys, created specifically for that purpose. The four-high Steckel rolling mill was installed in 1982 and is one of the most powerful four-high Steckel rolling mills in the world. The mill is capable of generating over 12.0 million pounds of separating force and rolling a plate up to 72 inches wide. The mill includes integrated computer controls (with automatic gap control and programmed rolling schedules), two coiling Steckel furnaces and seven heating furnaces. Computer-controlled rolling schedules for each of the hundreds of combinations of product shapes and sizes the Company produces allow the mill to roll numerous widths and gauges to exact specifications without stoppages or changeovers. The Company also operates a three-high hot rolling mill and a two-high hot rolling mill, each of which is capable of custom processing much smaller quantities of material than the four-high Steckel rolling mill. These mills provide the Company with significant flexibility in running smaller batches of varied products in response to customer requirements. The Company believes the flexibility provided by the three-high and two-high mills provides the Company with an advantage over its major competitors in obtaining smaller specialty orders. The coil and sheet operation includes the ability to cold roll to tight tolerances, bright anneal, oxidize anneal and pickle, along with finishing processes that slit and cut to size. In recent years, the Company has invested and successfully brought on-line additional cold rolling capability, as well as annealing capacity to support the added rolling capacity. This added annealing capacity gives the Company the ability to offer either bright annealed finish or anneal and pickled finish that will be determined by specifications, application or type of alloy. The Company also produces bar and billet product through a series of bar mills and a forge press operation that is located at the Kokomo, Indiana facility. The Arcadia, Louisiana facility uses feedstock produced at the Kokomo facility as well as outside suppliers to manufacture welded and seamless alloy pipe and tubing and purchases extruded tube hollows to produce seamless titanium tubing. The manufacturing processes at Arcadia require cold pilger mills, weld mills, draw benches, annealing furnaces, pickling facilities, and various finishing lines. The company has also invested in specialized ultrasonic testing, eddy current testing, including its own specimen testing laboratory. The Mountain Home, North Carolina facility manufactures high-performance alloy wire and small diameter bar products. Finished wire, bar, and powder products are also warehoused at this facility for quick delivery. The facility has recently made investments in various pieces of equipment to expand their portfolio to include bar products . Backlog The Company defines backlog to include firm commitments from customers for delivery of product at established prices. At any given time, approximately 50 of the orders in the backlog include prices that are subject to adjustment based on changes in raw material costs. Historically, approximately 70 of the Company s backlog orders have shipped within six months and approximately 90 have shipped within 12 months. The backlog figures do not typically reflect that portion of the Company s business conducted at its service and sales centers on a spot or just-in-time basis. For additional discussion of backlog, see Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 11 

Table of Contents 
 Consolidated Backlog at Fiscal Quarter End 

2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 (in millions) 1 st quarter 167.3 205.7 237.8 237.6 145.1 2 nd quarter 170.8 212.3 253.0 204.7 140.9 3 rd quarter 180.9 220.6 254.9 174.6 150.9 4 th quarter 177.3 216.0 235.2 153.3 175.3 Research and Technical Support The Company s technology facilities are located at the Kokomo headquarters and consist of 19,000 square feet of offices and laboratories, as well as an additional 90,000 square feet of paved storage area. The Company has six fully equipped technology testing laboratories, including a mechanical and wear test lab, a metallographic lab, an electron microscopy lab, a corrosion lab, a high-temperature lab and a welding lab. These facilities also contain a reduced scale, fully equipped melt shop and process lab. As of September 30, 2021, the technology, engineering and technological testing staff consisted of 26 persons, 13 of whom have engineering or science degrees, including 7 with doctoral degrees, with the majority of degrees in the field of metallurgical engineering or materials science. During fiscal 2021, research and development projects were focused on new alloy development, new product form development, supportive data generation and new alloy concept validation, relating to products for the aerospace, industrial gas turbine, chemical processing and oil and gas industries. In addition, significant projects were conducted to generate technical data in support of major market application opportunities in areas such as renewable energy, fuel cell systems, biotechnology (including toxic waste incineration and pharmaceutical manufacturing) and power generation. Competition The high-performance alloy market is a highly competitive market in which eight to ten major producers participate in various product forms. The Company s primary competitors in flat rolled products include Special Metals Corporation, a subsidiary of Precision Castparts Corp., Allegheny Technologies, Inc. and VDM Metals GmbH, a subsidiary of Acerinox, S.A.. The Company faces strong competition from domestic and foreign manufacturers of both high-performance alloys (similar to those the Company produces) and other competing metals. The Company may face additional competition in the future to the extent new materials are developed, such as plastics, ceramics or additive manufacturing that may be substituted for the Company s products. The Company also believes that it will face increased competition from non-U.S. entities in the next five to ten years, especially from competitors located in Eastern Europe and Asia. Additionally, in past years, the Company s domestic business has been challenged by a strong U.S. dollar, which makes the goods of foreign competitors less expensive to import into the U.S and makes the Company s products more expensive to export outside the U.S. In recent years, the Company experienced strong price competition from competitors. Increased competition requires the Company to price its products competitively, which pressures the Company s gross profit margin and net income. The Company continues to respond to this competition through alloy and application development, increasing emphasis on service centers, offering value-added services, improving its cost structure and striving to improve delivery times and reliability. With the global effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, pricing pressure has increased in many of the Company s industries. The Company s effectiveness in managing its cost structure and pricing for the value provided will likely be a key determinant of future profitability and competitiveness. Human Capital Resources The Company values its workforce as one of its most important assets. Accordingly, the Company has adopted and maintains a number of programs and practices designed to attract and retain the best available personnel. 
 12 

Table of Contents 
 Succession and Recruitment The Company has an organizational development and succession planning process in place for human capital strategic planning. The strategic development process is continually updated and often consists of multi-year succession and development plans for individuals. Such succession plans have been utilized throughout the Company to prepare employees for future roles and leadership opportunities. In response to the COVID-19 pandemic and other market forces that have altered, and are expected to continue to alter, the workforce and the manner in which it functions, the Company is redefining how many roles within the Company may be performed. For example, through experience with the COVID-19 pandemic, the Company has learned that many non-production employees are able to perform all or substantially all of their job functions outside of the office. In addition, virtual meetings have been used to substantially reduce travel as well as in-person contact. The Company is evaluating the effects of these and other changes on its current and future workforce, including their potential to provide the Company access to a broader recruiting pool for potential new employees, including workers in specialized areas such as metallurgy and others with specialties relating to the Company s products, flexible role descriptions and/or working arrangements and other matters. The Company attempts to hire from within when opportunities occur, given employee growth and progression. The Company also utilizes outside recruiters due to the challenging and competitive hiring environment. In order to encourage development of a future workforce for the Company, the Company continues to sponsor a Ph.D candidate and Senior Metallurgical Engineers Research Project from Purdue University, as well as providing internships in various departments and locations throughout the Company. COVID-19 Pandemic Economic conditions have limited hiring and succession planning implementation in some areas. In fiscal 2020 and 2021, the Company predominantly hired new personnel in order to backfill crucial positions. Hiring for succession planning or bench strength has subsided during the economic downturn in business related to the COVID-19 pandemic and other factors. The onset of COVID-19 in the United States in fiscal 2020 and the ongoing economic downturn created additional risk related to key person retention and succession planning. In response to the economic conditions created by the COVID-19 pandemic, previously implemented voluntary retirement incentives, reductions-in-force, and compensation reductions, created additional challenges to developing and retaining staff. This creates higher risk of turnover of key employees. In addition, other industries did not experience the same downturn as the Company did, and alternative opportunities are available for current employees and potential candidates. Strong competition and limited workforce issues challenge the Company s acquisition and retention of employees with specific skill sets. Limited dedicated resources and commitment for developmental positions may also impact the success and rate of succession and development efforts. Nonetheless, the Company has established formal and informal development activities to promote employee retention and position the Company for success in the long term. Retirement and Exit Programs The Company has established a phased retirement program to sustain the Company s access to institutional knowledge of employees with specialized skill sets who would like to phase into retirement. At the same time, the program is designed to facilitate a smooth transition for their successors. This program has been limited in its use but strategically beneficial. The Company also utilizes exit interviews and on-boarding interviews to provide feedback regarding turnover and employee desires for growth and development. Both have recently been strengthened and expanded. These interviews are also utilized to identify drivers of voluntary turnover and departures from the Company. Employee turnover rate and reasons, including voluntary and involuntary departures, are monitored annually. The global turnover rate in fiscal 2021 was 14 , compared to 22 in fiscal 2020 and an average of 14 in the previous two fiscal years. Both voluntary and 
 13 

Table of Contents 
 involuntary terminations, including retirements, are used to calculate the turnover rate. The reduction-in-force resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic accounted for most of the increased turnover rate in fiscal 2020, however turnover was more normalized in fiscal 2021. Compensation Equity The Company conducts inflation-adjusted compensation analysis to promote competitive compensation. This analysis takes into account ranges for the geographical area, education level and job title under consideration. The Company s Human Resources Department develops offers for new salaried employees and also develops and administers promotions to maintain the internal integrity of the compensation levels for comparable positions. The Company works with managers to ensure that high potential employees and those individuals with unique talents are appropriately developed and compensated. For example, the Board of Directors authorized a pool of restricted stock that can be used to compensate high potential employees and for retention purposes. Further, bonus programs have been implemented at the LaPorte and Mountain Home facilities, as well as those in Europe and Asia, for retention and recognition purposes, and all salaried employees who are not eligible to participate in the Management Incentive Plan were given bonuses in fiscal 2021. The Compensation Committee, with the recommendation of the full Board in the case of incentive compensation, determines annual salaries and other elements of compensation of the Company s executive management team, taking into account similarly situated executives employed by a peer group of companies while also considering input of the Compensation Committee s independent compensation consultant. Diversity and Inclusion The Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee of the Board (the Governance Committee considers diversity as a criteria evaluated as a part of the attributes and qualifications a Board candidate possesses. The Governance Committee construes the notion of diversity broadly, considering differences in viewpoint, professional experience, education, skills and other individual qualities, in addition to race, gender, age, ethnicity and cultural backgrounds as elements that contribute to a diverse Board. In keeping with this diversity commitment, the two most recent directors appointed to the Board, each of whom brings substantial experience in the form of executive leadership in the specialty metals industry and the U.S. Air Force, respectively, further the Board s goal of enhancing diversity. Management also considers similar broad concepts of diversity in its hiring practices as well as its selection of vendors, contractors and other service providers. As a federal government subcontractor, the Company follows federal rules and regulations relating to diversity and other matters, including reporting requirements. Company Culture The Company has controls in place relating to compliance with the Company s Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, including a requirement for annual employee certification of that code as well as an established whistleblower hotline and related procedures. In addition, human capital management, and more specifically employee hiring and retention, are included within the Company s Enterprise Risk Management program, which is subject to Board oversight through regular reporting. Community Involvement The Company has used internships and partnerships with universities to enrich recruiting efforts, particularly for technical roles such as research, alloy development and engineering. The Company has also utilized outreach and partnerships with local community resources at all major locations such as community and technical colleges, workforce development agencies, industry groups and other entities to strengthen the Company s hiring process and expand the future workforce candidate pool. Employee Engagement and Wellness The Company has a long-standing tuition reimbursement program to assist employees with the continuation of their education. In addition, employee assistance programs offer counseling for emotional, financial and family issues. 
 14 

Table of Contents 
 Continuing financial planning education is provided by the Company s 401(k) plan administrator to assist employees in financial and retirement planning. For many years, the Company s investment in human capital has involved commitments to worker training, apprenticeship programs and funding college scholarships. Management and Board Oversight Management is engaged in the Company s efforts regarding management of human capital resources at all levels through regular informational meetings, the Company s Enterprise Risk Management program and organized succession planning. The Board oversees these activities through regular reports by senior management regarding new or altered programs and as part of the Enterprise Risk Management process. In addition, the Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee of the Board is actively engaged in monitoring and encouraging diversity at the Board level while the Compensation Committee also focuses on achieving and maintaining internal and external pay equity for the executive team and the Board members while overseeing incentive compensation more broadly throughout the organization. In promoting external pay equity, the Board and the Compensation Committee make use of peer comparisons and benchmarking measures. Employee Statistics As of September 30, 2021, the Company employed 1,073 full-time employees and 37 part-time employees worldwide. All eligible hourly employees at the Kokomo, Indiana and Arcadia, Louisiana plants (539 in the aggregate) are covered by two collective bargaining agreements. On July 1, 2018, the Company entered into a five-year collective bargaining agreement with the United Steelworkers of America Local 2958, which covers eligible hourly employees at the Kokomo, Indiana plant. This agreement will expire in June 2023. On December 21, 2020, the Company entered into a collective bargaining agreement with the United Steelworkers of America Local 1505, which covers eligible hourly employees at the Company s Arcadia, Louisiana plant. This agreement will expire in December 2025. Management believes that current relations with the union are satisfactory . Environmental Compliance The Company has an enterprise level environmental policy, which focuses on fostering a safe workplace, offering high quality products while protecting the environment, compliance with law and health and safety management systems, utilization of all available resources to improve the quality, environmental, health and safety management systems and setting, implementing and reviewing quality, environmental, health and safety objectives and targets. This policy is communicated to contractors and vendors who provide services on site, and the Company periodically audits selected suppliers from an environmental compliance perspective. The Company maintains an environmental management system certified to ISO 14001 standards and, for its Kokomo operations, ISO 50001 standards. The Company maintains multiple policies designed to comply with the Occupational Safety and Health Administration standards and has ISO 45001 certification. The Company s facilities and operations are subject to various foreign, federal, state and local laws and regulations relating to the protection of human health and the environment, including those governing the discharge of pollutants into the environment and the storage, handling, use, treatment and disposal of hazardous substances and wastes. In the U.S., such laws include, without limitation, the Occupational Safety and Health Act, the Clean Air Act, the Clean Water Act, the Toxic Substances Control Act and the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act. As environmental laws and regulations continue to evolve, it is likely the Company will be subject to increasingly stringent environmental standards in the future, particularly under air quality and water quality laws and standards related to climate change issues, such as reporting of greenhouse gas emissions. Violations of these laws and regulations can result in the imposition of substantial penalties and can require facility improvements. Expenses related to environmental compliance, which are primarily included in Cost of sales on the Consolidated Statements of Operations, were approximately 2.3 million for 
 15 

Table of Contents 
 fiscal 2021 and are currently expected to be approximately 3.0 million for fiscal 2022. The Company s facilities are subject to periodic inspection by various regulatory authorities, who from time to time have issued findings of violations of governing laws, regulations and permits. In the past five years, the Company has paid administrative fines, none of which have had a material effect on the Company s financial condition, for alleged violations relating to environmental matters, requirements relating to its Title V Air Permit and alleged violations of record keeping and notification requirements relating to industrial waste water discharge. Capital expenditures of approximately 1.3 million were made for pollution control improvements during fiscal 2021, with additional expenditures of approximately 2.8 million for similar improvements planned for fiscal 2022. The Company has received permits from the Indiana Department of Environmental Management and the North Carolina Department of Environment and Natural Resources to close and provide post-closure environmental monitoring and care for certain areas of its Kokomo and Mountain Home, North Carolina facilities, respectively. The Company is required among other things to monitor groundwater and to continue post-closure maintenance of the former disposal areas at each site. As a result, the Company is aware of elevated levels of certain contaminants in the groundwater on the Company s property. These levels are stable or decreasing, but additional testing and corrective action by the Company could be required. The Company is unable to estimate the costs of any further corrective action at these sites, if required. Accordingly, the Company cannot assure that the costs of any future corrective action at these or any other current or former sites would not have a material effect on the Company s financial condition, results of operations or liquidity. The Company may also incur liability for alleged environmental damages associated with the off-site transportation and disposal of hazardous substances. Generators of hazardous substances which are transported to disposal sites where environmental problems are alleged to exist are subject to claims under the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act of 1980, or CERCLA, and state counterparts. CERCLA imposes strict, joint and several liabilities for investigatory and cleanup costs upon hazardous substance generators, site owners and operators and other potentially responsible parties. The Company is currently named as a potentially responsible party at one site. There can be no assurance that the Company will not be named as a potentially responsible party at other sites in the future or that the costs associated with those sites would not have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial condition, results of operations or liquidity. Legal Compliance In addition to environmental laws and regulations, the Company must comply with a wide variety of other laws and regulations, including, without limitation, federal and state securities laws, Delaware corporate law and safety laws and regulations. The Company continues to engage in collaboration with key stakeholders, such as customers and regulators, to adapt to changing regulatory expectations. Compliance with law and government regulations is not expected to have any material effect upon capital expenditures, earnings or the competitive position of the Company. Environmental, Social and Governance Matters In addition to the information set forth below, further information regarding the Company s environmental, social and governance activities can be found under the Sustainability tab on the Company s website at www.haynesintl.com/company-information/sustainability. 
 16 

Table of Contents 
 Governance and Social Matters The Company is committed to a culture of openness, trust and integrity in all aspects of its business. It is critical that all employees, vendors and customers understand and accept that, in everything it does, the Company will conduct itself from the perspective of doing the right thing for the right reason at all times. The Company has a number of policies in place governing social and ethical issues, including, without limitation: Code of Business Conduct and Ethics Anti-Harassment Policy Human Rights Policy Human Trafficking Policy Anti-Corruption Policy Conflict Minerals Policy Gift Policy Supplier Code of Conduct 
 All Company employees must certify compliance with the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics annually, and regular training is provided to employees regarding these and other policies. In addition, the Company maintains a whistleblower hotline with access available on an anonymous basis online or by telephone. Environmental Matters The Company is in the process of installing a 1MW solar fixed ground mount array system to reduce the dependence on nonrenewable energy sources at its wire facility located in Mountain Home, North Carolina. This solar system should provide over 50 of the electricity needs for the facility. In addition, since fiscal year 2010, the Company has invested more than 2.0 million in energy conservation programs, and as a result, the Company now saves approximately 1.1 million in energy costs per year. The Company has specific targets in place for reducing electricity and natural gas consumption in its energy conservation programs. The Company has an enterprise level environmental policy, which focuses on fostering a safe workplace, while protecting the environment and complying with laws and health and safety management systems. The Company maintains an environmental management system certified to the ISO 14001:2015 standard, and Kokomo operations are ISO 50001:2018 certified. The Company s facilities are subject to periodic inspection by various regulatory authorities. The Company utilizes available resources to improve quality, environmental and health and safety management systems, as well as set objectives and targets for each. This policy is communicated to contractors and vendors who provide services on site, and the Company periodically audits selected suppliers from an environmental compliance perspective. The Company is conscious of its environmental impact and is actively working to lighten its carbon footprint including projects to measure greenhouse gas emissions and develop goals of reduction. The ever-increasing demand for clean energy generation has led to the development of several emerging technologies that require high-temperature alloys for demanding operating conditions. Since the invention of HASTELLOY X alloy in 1954, the Company s alloys have made it possible for aerospace engines to run at high temperatures for long periods of time. This has been further enhanced with alloys used in new generation engines such as HAYNES 282 . Engines being placed in service today reportedly consume 15 less fuel, 
 17 

Table of Contents 
 produce 50 less pollutants and reduce the noise footprint near airports compared to the previous generation of airplane engines. The environmental related improvements stem in part from the increased use of alloys, such as HASTELLOY X, HAYNES 188, 230 , 282 , 242 , 244 and other Haynes invented alloys. In addition to the Company s alloys for energy production and powering modern aircraft in a more environmentally friendly manner, the Company s alloys are used in chemical plants that produce ecologically safe agrichemicals which help to feed the world s growing population. Company-invented HASTELLOY G-35 , HYBRID-BC1 and C-276 alloys are commonly used in these applications. In addition, HASTELLOY C-22 , C-2000 and B-3 alloys are used by the pharmaceutical companies for production of chemicals. Renewable power generation offers the promise of producing power from nature s resources, such as wind, sun, rivers and oceans, with minimal depletion to the Earth s resources and damage to the environment. Many renewable energy technologies require the capture of energy at very high temperatures in extreme environments for which the Company s alloys are well suited. For example, the Company s materials withstand intense heat in concentrated solar power plants to facilitate storable thermal power to generate electricity after the sun sets. Safety Matters Safety is the Company s top priority. Listed below are certain improvement efforts the Company has implemented in order to reduce occurrences of injuries, occupational diseases and work-related fatalities. Each year, employees receive emergency preparedness training, and the Company conducts severe weather and fire drills periodically. Employees attend refresher training annually. This training includes coverage of the following items: Lock Out Tag Out, Confined Spaces, First Aid and Bloodborne Pathogens, Fire Prevention and Emergency Action Plan, Hearing Conservation, Hand Safety, Personal Protective Equipment requirements, Working Around Mobile Equipment and Walking and Working Surfaces. All of the Company s manufacturing sites have a volunteer Emergency Response Team (ERT). The ERT members are state-certified trained in first aid and HAZMAT response. Company supervisors receive OSHA-10 Hour and Incident Investigation training. The Company conducts routine departmental safety audits. 
 The Company extends its health and safety policies to suppliers, visitors and contractors. When suppliers, visitors and contractors come on site, they receive safety training. The training includes a review of relevant policies, required personal protection equipment, emergency procedures and specific hazards that may be encountered. 
 18 

Table of Contents 
 Executive Officers of the Company The following table sets forth certain information concerning the persons who served as executive officers of the Company as of September 30, 2021. Except as indicated in the following paragraphs, the principal occupations of these persons have not changed during the past five years. 

Name Age Position with Haynes International, Inc. Michael L. Shor 62 President and Chief Executive Officer Daniel W. Maudlin 55 Vice President Finance, Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer Janice W. Gunst 49 Vice President General Counsel Corporate Secretary Venkat R. Ishwar 69 Vice President Marketing Technology Marlin C. Losch 61 Vice President Sales Distribution Jean C. Neel 62 Vice President Corporate Affairs Scott R. Pinkham 54 Vice President Tube Wire Products David L. Strobel 60 Vice President Operations Gregory W. Tipton 60 Vice President Chief Information Officer David S. Van Bibber 50 Controller and Chief Accounting Officer Mr. Shor was elected President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company in September 2018. Prior to that, he served as interim President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company from May 2018 through September 2018 and Chairman of the Board of the Company from February 2017 through September 2018. Mr. Shor has been a director since 2012. Mr. Maudlin has served as the Vice President-Finance, Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer of the Company since December 2012. Ms. Gunst has served as Vice President General Counsel and Corporate Secretary of the Company since August 2011. Dr. Ishwar has served as Vice President Marketing Technology of the Company since January 2010. Mr. Losch has served as Vice President Sales Distribution of the Company since January 2010. Ms. Neel has served as Vice President Corporate Affairs of the Company since April 2000. Mr. Pinkham has served as Vice President Tube and Wire Products of the Company since September 2018. Prior to that, he served as Vice President Manufacturing of the Company since March 2008. Mr. Strobel has served as Vice President Operations of the Company since September 2018. Prior to that, he was a consultant to manufacturing companies through his company Silver Eagle Consulting. Mr. Strobel was also Senior Vice President and Chief Technology Officer of Carpenter Technology Corporation from June 2015 to August 2016 and Senior Vice President Operations of Carpenter Technology from September 2011 to June 2015. Mr. Tipton has served as Vice President and Chief Information Officer of the Company since January 2019. Prior to that, he served as Chief Information Officer Americas for Dometic from August 2016 to December 2018 and as Director of Information Technology for Dometic from December 2012 to October 2016. Mr. Van Bibber has served as Controller and Chief Accounting Officer of the Company since December 2012 . 
 19 

Table of Contents 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors The following risk factors should be considered carefully in addition to the other information contained in this filing. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face and represent risks that our management believes are material to investors regarding an investment in our Company and our business. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently deem not material may also harm our business. If any of the following risks actually occur, our business, financial condition or results of operations could be harmed. Risks Related to the COVID-19 Pandemic Our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows have been and may continue to be adversely affected by pandemics, epidemics or other public health emergencies, such as COVID-19. Our business, results of operations, financial condition, cash flows and stock price have been, and may continue to be, adversely affected by pandemics, epidemics or other public health emergencies, such as the global outbreak of COVID-19. In March 2020, the World Health Organization characterized COVID-19 as a pandemic, and the President of the United States declared the COVID-19 outbreak a national emergency. The outbreak resulted in governments around the world implementing increasingly stringent measures to help control the spread of the virus, including quarantines, shelter in place and stay at home orders, travel restrictions, business curtailments, school closures, and other measures. In addition, governments and central banks in several parts of the world have enacted fiscal and monetary stimulus measures to counteract the impacts of COVID-19. The outbreak of COVID-19 and preventive or protective actions taken by governmental authorities may continue to have a material adverse effect on our operations, supply chain, customers and transportation networks, including business shutdowns or disruptions. We have already experienced many effects of COVID-19, including partial shutdowns, quarantine of certain employees, temporary and permanent layoffs, pay cuts and mandatory unpaid furloughs, decreased demand for our products, increased pricing pressures and changes to our business strategies and management attention. More recently, we have experienced additional effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, including raw material shortages, unavailability of transportation and logistics resources, unusual inflation, shortages of hydrogen or other natural gases necessary in the operation of our business, hiring and retention challenges and limited availability of outside conversion resources. Further, the U.S. government and certain of its agencies have issued orders requiring specific steps to be taken with respect to COVID-19 by certain employers and contractors. The costs relating to these programs are currently unknown. These events and others have caused, and may continue to cause, lower revenue and lower volumes, leading to unfavorable fixed cost absorption. The extent to which COVID-19 may continue to adversely impact our business depends on future developments, which are highly uncertain and, in many cases, beyond our control including the severity and duration of the outbreak and the effectiveness of actions taken globally to contain or mitigate its effects. Over the preceding 18 months, the fluctuation in levels of the virus s effects on different portions of the global economy have continued to affect our business as well as other businesses. Management is actively monitoring the impact of the global situation on our financial condition, liquidity, operations, suppliers, industry and workforce. Given the daily evolution of the COVID-19 pandemic and the global responses to curb its spread, we are not able to estimate the effects of the pandemic on our results of operations, financial condition or liquidity in a particular future quarter or year. The aerospace market, our largest market, has been hit particularly hard by the addition of COVID-19 issues to the safety concerns with the Boeing 737 MAX, which remains grounded in China, and we cannot determine what further effect that exacerbating factor will have on the aerospace market. Even after the COVID-19 pandemic has subsided, we may experience materially adverse impacts to our business due to any resulting economic recession or depression. Additionally, concerns over the economic impact of COVID-19 have caused extreme volatility in financial and other capital markets which has and may continue to adversely impact our stock price and our ability to access capital markets. Our indebtedness may also increase due to our need to increase borrowing to fund operations during a period of reduced revenue. To the extent the COVID-19 pandemic adversely affects our business and financial results, it may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described herein. 
 20 

Table of Contents 
 Risks Related to Our Markets Our revenues may fluctuate widely based upon changes in demand for our customers products. Demand for our products is dependent upon and derived from the level of demand for the machinery, parts and equipment produced by our customers, which are principally manufacturers and fabricators of machinery, parts and equipment for highly specialized applications. Historically, certain of the markets in which we compete have experienced unpredictable, wide demand fluctuations, such as the current conditions in the aerospace industry and in the broader global economy as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. Because of the comparatively high level of fixed costs associated with our manufacturing processes, significant declines in our markets have had, and may continue to have, a disproportionately adverse impact on our operating results. We have, in several instances, experienced substantial year-to-year declines in net revenues, primarily as a result of decreases in demand in the industries to which our products are sold. In fiscal 2002, 2003, 2009, 2010, 2013, 2016, 2020 and 2021, our net revenues, when compared to the immediately preceding year, declined by approximately 10.3 , 21.2 , 31.1 , 13.0 , 16.7 , 16.6 , 22.4 and 11.3 , respectively. We may experience similar fluctuations in our net revenues in the future. Additionally, demand is likely to continue to be subject to substantial year-to-year fluctuations as a consequence of industry cyclicality, as well as other factors such as global economic uncertainty, and such fluctuations may have a material adverse effect on our business. Currently, the COVID-19 pandemic has significantly decreased demand for our products across all of our markets, but particularly in the aerospace industry, which also continues to be affected by issues relating to the Boeing 737 MAX (which remains grounded in China). Passenger airline travel has decreased significantly since the beginning of the pandemic and remains volatile. As a result, volatility in the aerospace market has continued and may continue for an unknown period of time. Profitability in the high-performance alloy industry is highly sensitive to changes in sales volumes. The high-performance alloy industry is characterized by high capital investment and high fixed costs. The cost of raw materials is the primary variable cost in the manufacture of our high-performance alloys and, in fiscal 2021, represented approximately 34 of our total cost of sales. Other manufacturing costs, such as labor, energy, maintenance and supplies, often thought of as variable, have a significant fixed element. Profitability is, therefore, very sensitive to changes in volume, and relatively small changes in volume can result in significant variations in earnings. Our ability to effectively utilize our manufacturing assets depends greatly upon continuing demand in our end markets, successfully increasing our market share in IGT and other areas and continued acceptance of our new products into the marketplace. The COVID-19 pandemic has significantly decreased demand, and therefore, sales volume of our products. Failure to effectively utilize our manufacturing assets, including as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, may continue to negatively impact our business. We operate in cyclical markets. A significant portion of our revenues is derived from the highly cyclical aerospace, power generation and chemical processing markets. Our sales to the aerospace industry constituted 37.9 of our total sales in fiscal 2021. Our chemical processing and industrial gas turbine sales constituted 18.7 and 19.8 , respectively, of our total sales in fiscal 2021. Each of these markets has been adversely impacted by the global economic effects of the COVID-19 pandemic. The commercial aerospace industry is historically driven by demand from commercial airlines for new aircraft. The U.S. and international commercial aviation industries continue to face challenges arising from the global economic climate, the safety issues with the Boeing 737 MAX airliner (which remains grounded in China), competitive pressures and fuel costs. Demand for commercial aircraft is influenced by industry profitability, trends in airline passenger traffic (including the dramatic decrease and subsequent fluctuations and uncertainties caused by COVID-19), the state of U.S. and world economies, the ability of aircraft purchasers to obtain required financing and numerous other factors, including the effects of terrorism and health and safety concerns (including those arising from COVID-19). Continued supply chain disruptions in this or any of our other markets could materially and adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 
 21 

Table of Contents 
 The military aerospace cycle is highly dependent on U.S. and foreign government funding which is driven by, among other factors, the effects of terrorism, a changing global political environment, U.S. foreign policy, the retirement of older aircraft and technological improvements to new engines that increase reliability. Accordingly, the timing, duration and magnitude of cyclical upturns and downturns cannot be forecasted with certainty. Downturns or reductions in demand for our products sold into the aerospace market could have a material adverse effect on our business. The industrial gas turbine market is also cyclical in nature. Demand for power generation products is global and is affected by the state of the U.S. and world economies, the availability of financing to power generation project sponsors, the increase in renewable energy and the political environments of numerous countries. The availability of fuels and related prices also have a large impact on demand. Decreased demand for our products in the industrial gas turbine industry may have a material adverse effect on our business. We also sell products into the chemical processing industry, which is also cyclical in nature. Customer demand for our products in this market may fluctuate widely depending on U.S. and world economic conditions, the availability of financing, and the general economic strength of the end use customers in this market. Cyclical declines or sustained weakness in this market could have a material adverse effect on our business. Our business depends, in part, on the success of commercial aircraft programs and our ability to accelerate production levels to timely match order increases in new or existing programs. The success of our business will depend, in part, on the success of new and existing commercial aircraft programs. We are currently under contract to supply components for a number of commercial aircraft programs. As a result of COVID-19 and other factors, commercial aircraft build rates have slowed and are not expected to return to pre-COVID levels for several years, particularly in the area of multi-aisle aircraft, the demand for which has decreased more than other aircraft due to the reduced demand for international travel. Further cancellation, reductions or delays of orders or contracts by our customers or in any of these programs, or regulatory or certification-related groundings or other delays or cancellations to new or existing aircraft programs or to the production schedules for any aircraft programs, including as may be related to any prolonged period of the current decrease in passenger air traffic, could exacerbate the material adverse effect on our business. Issues with the Boeing 737 MAX passenger airliners continue in parts of the world, particularly China, which has not yet cleared the aircraft for commercial flights. The effect of any future action on our business is currently unknown, but changes in production schedules to date have had, and future changes may also have, a material adverse effect on our business. The competitive nature of our business results in pressure for price concessions to our customers and increased pressure to reduce our costs. We are subject to substantial competition in all of the markets we serve, and we expect this competition to continue. As a result, we have made price concessions to our customers in the aerospace, chemical processing and power generation markets from time to time, and we expect customer pressure for further price concessions to continue. Maintenance of our market share will depend, in part, on our ability to sustain a cost structure that enables us to be cost-competitive. If we are unable to adjust our costs relative to our pricing, our profitability will suffer. With the global effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, pricing pressure has increased in many of our industries. Our effectiveness in managing our cost structure and pricing for the value provided will be a key determinant of future profitability and competitiveness. Aerospace demand is primarily dependent on two manufacturers. A significant portion of our aerospace products are sold to fabricators and are ultimately used in the production of new commercial aircraft. There are only two primary manufacturers of large commercial aircraft in the world, The Boeing Company and Airbus. A significant portion of our aerospace sales are dependent on the number of new aircraft built by these two manufacturers, which is in turn dependent on a number of factors over which we have little or no control. Those factors include demand for new aircraft from around the globe, utilization levels of commercial and military aircraft, success of new commercial and military aircraft programs and factors that impact manufacturing capabilities, such as the availability of raw materials and manufactured components, changes in highly exacting performance requirements and 
 22 

Table of Contents 
 product specifications, U.S. and world economic conditions, changes in the regulatory environment and labor relations between the aircraft manufacturers and their work forces, most of which have been and continue to be adversely affected by the economic effects of the COVID-19 pandemic. Significant interruptions and slowdowns in the number of new aircraft built by the aircraft manufacturers has and may continue to have a material adverse effect on our business. As noted above, future actions relating to the safety issues with the Boeing 737 MAX passenger airliner, as well as the ongoing effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, have had and may continue to have a material adverse effect on our business. During periods of lower demand in other alloy markets, some of our competitors may use their available capacity to produce higher volumes of high-performance alloys, which leads to increased competition in the high-performance alloy market. We have experienced increased competition from competitors who produce both stainless steel and high-performance alloys. As a result of the competition in our markets, we have made price concessions to our customers from time to time, and we expect customer pressure for further price concessions to continue, particularly given the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic. Maintenance of our market share will depend, in part, on our ability to sustain a cost structure that enables us to be cost-competitive. If we are unable to adjust our costs relative to our pricing, our profitability will suffer. Our effectiveness in managing our cost structure through changing circumstances will be a key determinant of future profitability and competitiveness. Periods of reduced demand and excess supply as well as the availability of substitute lower-cost materials can adversely affect our ability to price and sell our products at the profitability levels we require to be successful. Additional worldwide capacity and reduced demand for our products could significantly impact future worldwide pricing, which would adversely impact our business. In recent years, several of our competitors have added capacity that represents direct competition with the Company s business. In addition, continued availability of substitute materials may also cause significant fluctuations in future results as our customers opt for a lower-cost alternative. The impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic have also reduced demand for our products globally and have significantly increased customer requests to reduce pricing or delay delivery. We change prices on our products as we deem necessary. In addition to the above general competitive impact, other market conditions and various economic factors beyond our control can adversely affect the timing of our pricing actions. The effects of any pricing actions may be delayed due to long manufacturing lead times or the terms of existing contracts. There is no guarantee that the pricing actions we implement will be effective in maintaining our profit margin levels. Risks Related to Raw Materials Rapid fluctuations in the prices of nickel, cobalt and other raw materials may materially adversely affect our business. To the extent that we are unable to adjust to rapid fluctuations in the price of nickel, cobalt and other raw materials that we use in large quantities, there may be a negative effect on our gross profit margins. In fiscal 2021, nickel, a major component of many of our products, accounted for approximately 45 of our raw material costs, or approximately 15 of our total cost of sales. We enter into several different types of sales contracts with our customers, some of which allow us to pass on increases in nickel or other raw material prices to our customers. In other cases, we fix the nickel or other raw materials component of our prices for a period of time through the life of a long-term contract. In yet other cases, we price our products at the time of order, which allows us to establish prices with reference to known costs of our raw material inventory, but which does not allow us to offset an unexpected rise in the price of raw materials. The COVID-19 pandemic has affected raw material pricing by increasing the unpredictability of our profitability, and its future effects are unknown. We may not be able to successfully offset rapid changes in the price of nickel, cobalt or other raw materials in the future. In the event that raw material price increases occur that we are unable to pass on to our customers, our cash flows or results of operations could be materially adversely affected. 
 23 

Table of Contents 
 Our business cycle is long, involving multiple steps. These refining steps generate high revert scrap pounds that are recycled back through the melt at metal value. This scrap cycle also contributes to a long position as it relates to commodity price risk. Our results of operations may also be negatively impacted if both customer demand and raw material prices rapidly fall at the same time. Because we value our inventory utilizing the first-in, first-out inventory costing methodology, a rapid decrease in raw material costs has a negative effect on our operating results. In those circumstances, we recognize higher material cost in cost of sales relative to lower raw material market prices that drive the sales price. In addition, we periodically enter into forward purchase agreements for our raw material supply. If we enter into a forward purchase agreement which is not matched to one or more customer contracts with fixed raw material prices, a rapid or prolonged decrease in the price of significant raw materials could adversely impact our business. Our business is dependent on a number of raw materials that may not be available. We use a number of raw materials in our products which are found in only a few parts of the world and are available from a limited number of suppliers. The availability of these materials may be influenced by private or government cartels, changes in world politics, additional regulation, labor relations between the materials producers and their work force, unstable governments in exporting nations, inflation, general economic conditions and export quotas imposed by governments in nations with rare earth element supplies. The ability of key material suppliers to meet quality and delivery requirements or to provide materials on terms acceptable to us is beyond our control and can also impact our ability to meet commitments to customers. The COVID-19 pandemic has adversely affected the availability of certain raw materials through its effects on the labor market, availability of transportation for materials and other factors. Future shortages or price fluctuations in raw materials could result in decreased sales as well as margins, or otherwise adversely affect our business. The enactment of new or increased import duties on raw materials imported by us could also decrease availability, thereby adversely affect our business. If suppliers are unable to meet our demands, we may not have alternative sources of supply. In some cases, we have entered into exclusive supply agreements with respect to raw materials, which could adversely affect our business if the exclusive supplier cannot meet quality and delivery requirements to provide materials on terms acceptable to us. The manufacturing of the majority of our products is a complex process and requires long lead times. We may experience delays or shortages in the supply of raw materials. If we are unable to obtain adequate and timely deliveries of required raw materials, we may be unable to timely manufacture sufficient quantities of products. This could cause us to lose sales, incur additional costs, delay new product introductions or suffer harm to our reputation. Risks Related to Our Production and Operations Our operations are dependent on production levels at our Kokomo facility. Our principal assets are located at our primary integrated production facility in Kokomo, Indiana and at our production facilities in Arcadia, Louisiana and in Mountain Home, North Carolina. The Arcadia and Mountain Home plants, as well as all of the domestic and foreign service centers, rely to a significant extent upon feedstock produced at the Kokomo facility. During fiscal 2020, we endured a temporary shut-down of most of the Company s production operations due to the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic which impacted our operations and financial results. We have also been affected by shortages of labor, transportation and other services and raw materials in our Kokomo and other production facilities as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. Any further production failures, shutdowns (including those associated with COVID-19) or other significant problems at the Kokomo facility could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. We maintain property damage insurance to provide for reconstruction of damaged equipment, as well as business interruption insurance to mitigate losses resulting from any production shutdown caused by an insured loss. Although we believe that our insurance is adequate to cover any such losses, that may not be the case. Additionally, our insurance policies include deductibles that would require us to incur losses that could have an adverse effect on our financial results in the event a significant interruption occurs. One or more significant uninsured losses at our Kokomo facility may have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 24 

Table of Contents 
 In addition, from time to time we schedule planned outages on the equipment at our Kokomo facility for maintenance and upgrades. These projects are subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties, including a variety of market, operational and labor-related factors, many of which may be beyond our control. The COVID-19 pandemic made it necessary for us to shut down portions of our operations in fiscal 2020. The pandemic, and its effect on our markets and our business, has also required us to temporarily or permanently lay off certain personnel. Certain portions of our operations continue to be affected by personnel shortages. Should a planned or unplanned shut down on a significant piece of equipment, or a significant decrease in personnel or lack of necessary new personnel, last substantially longer than originally planned, there could be a material adverse effect on our business. Our production may be interrupted due to equipment failures, energy or personnel shortages, lack of critical spares, or other events affecting our factories. Our manufacturing processes depend on certain sophisticated and high-value equipment, some of which has been in operation for a long period of time for which there may be only limited or no production alternatives. Failures of this equipment, or the lack of critical spares or skilled personnel to timely repair this equipment, could result in production delays, revenue loss and significant repair costs. In addition, our factories rely on the availability of electrical power and natural gas, transportation for raw materials and finished products and employee access to our workplace that are subject to interruption in the event of severe weather conditions or other natural or manmade events (including the COVID-19 pandemic). We have recently experienced a significant decrease in the availability of certain industrial gas resources that may impact our operations. While we maintain backup resources to the extent practicable, a severe or prolonged equipment outage, failure or other interruptive event affecting areas where we have significant manufacturing operations may result in loss of manufacturing or shipping days, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. Natural or manmade events (including the COVID-19 pandemic) that interrupt significant manufacturing operations of our customers also have had, and could continue to have a material adverse effect on our business. Issues related to our agreements with Titanium Metals Corporation could require us to make significant payments and could disrupt our operations and materially affect our financial results. We entered into a Conversion Services Agreement and an Access and Security Agreement with Titanium Metals Corporation (TIMET) in November 2006 that provide for the performance of certain titanium conversion services through November 2026. In 2012, TIMET was acquired by Precision Castparts Corp. which owns Special Metals Corporation, a direct competitor of ours. Events of default under the Conversion Services Agreement include (a) a change in control in which the successor does not assume the agreement, (b) a violation by us of certain non-compete obligations relating to the manufacture and conversion of titanium and (c) failure to meet agreed-upon delivery and quality requirements. If an event of default under the Conversion Services Agreement occurs, TIMET could require us to repay the unearned portion of the 50.0 million fee paid to us by TIMET when the agreement was signed, plus liquidated damages of 25.0 million. Our obligations to pay these amounts to TIMET are secured by a security interest in our four-high Steckel rolling mill, through which we process a substantial amount of our products. In addition, the Access and Security Agreement with TIMET includes, among other terms, an access right that would allow TIMET to use certain of our operating assets, including the four-high mill, to perform titanium conversion services in the event of our bankruptcy or the acceleration of our indebtedness. Exercise by TIMET of its rights under its security interest following a default and non-payment of the amounts provided in the Conversion Services Agreement or exercise of the access rights under the Access and Security Agreement could cause significant disruption in our Kokomo operations, which would have a material adverse effect on our business. In addition, the Conversion Services Agreement contains a requirement that we reserve a significant amount of capacity exclusively for TIMET. That agreement does not contain a volume commitment on TIMET s part. The agreement also severely limits our ability to manufacture titanium for any customer other than TIMET. In recent years, our levels of business with TIMET have fluctuated. In fiscal 2020, our levels of business with TIMET decreased as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic and other factors. Should TIMET continue to underutilize its reserved capacity, we would not be able to reallocate that capacity, which could negatively impact our business. 
 25 

Table of Contents 
 Our operations could result in injury to our workers or third parties. Our manufacturing operations could result in harm to our workers or third parties in our facilities. Our manufacturing processes involve the use of heavy equipment, vehicles and chemicals, among other matters, that could lead to harm, injury, death or illness. In addition to harm to individuals, any such occurrences could result in reputational harm, adverse effects on employee morale, litigation and other costs, any of which could materially and adversely affect our business. Although collective bargaining agreements are in place for certain employees, union or labor disputes could still disrupt the manufacturing process. Our operations rely heavily on our skilled employees. Any labor shortage, disruption or stoppage caused by any deterioration in employee relations or difficulties in the renegotiation of labor contracts could reduce our operating margins and income. Approximately 55 of our U.S. employees are affiliated with unions or covered by collective bargaining agreements. The Company entered into two collective bargaining agreements with the United Steel Workers of America which cover eligible hourly employees at the Company s Arcadia, Louisiana and Kokomo, Indiana facilities. Failure to negotiate new labor agreements when required could result in a work stoppage at one or more of our facilities. In addition, other Company facilities could be subject to union organizing activity. Although we believe that our labor relations have generally been satisfactory, it is possible that we could become subject to additional work rules imposed by agreements with labor unions, or that work stoppages or other labor disturbances could occur in the future, any of which could reduce our operating margins and income and place us at a disadvantage relative to non-union competitors. Product liability and product warranty risks could adversely affect our operating results. We produce many critical products for commercial and military aircraft, industrial gas turbines, chemical processing plants and pharmaceutical production facilities. Failure of our products could give rise to substantial product liability and other damage claims as well as reputational harm. We maintain insurance addressing this risk, but our insurance coverage may not be adequate or insurance may not continue to be available on terms acceptable to us. Additionally, we manufacture our products to strict contractually-established specifications using complex manufacturing processes. If we fail to meet the contractual requirements for a product, we may be subject to warranty costs to repair or replace the product itself and additional costs related to customers damages or the investigation and inspection of non-complying products. These costs are generally not insured. Risks Related to our Research and Technology Activities Failure to successfully develop, commercialize, market and sell new applications and new products could adversely affect our business. We believe that our proprietary alloys, technology, applications development, technical services and metallurgical manufacturing expertise provide us with a competitive advantage over other high-performance alloy producers. Our ability to maintain this competitive advantage depends on our ability to continue to offer products and technical services that have equal or better performance characteristics than competing products at competitive prices. Our future growth will depend, in part, on our ability to address the increasingly demanding needs of our customers by inventing new alloys, enhancing the properties of our existing alloys, timely developing new applications for our existing and new alloys, and timely developing, commercializing, marketing and selling new alloys and products. If we are not successful in these efforts, or if our new alloys/products and product enhancements do not adequately meet the requirements of the marketplace and achieve market acceptance, our business could be negatively affected. Failure to protect our intellectual property rights could adversely affect our business. We rely on a combination of confidentiality, invention assignment and other types of agreements and trade secret, trademark and patent law to establish, maintain, protect and enforce our intellectual property rights. Our efforts in regard to these measures may be inadequate, however, to prevent others from misappropriating our intellectual property rights. 
 26 

Table of Contents 
 In addition, laws in some non-U.S. countries affecting intellectual property are uncertain in their application, which can affect the scope or enforceability of our intellectual property rights. Any of these events or factors could diminish or cause us to lose the competitive advantages associated with our intellectual property, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. Risks Related to Our Cybersecurity Activities We are subject to risks relating to our cybersecurity measures and to misappropriation of information generally. We have put in place a number of systems, processes and practices designed to protect against intentional or unintentional misappropriation or corruption of our systems and information or disruption of our operations including unauthorized access to our networks, servers and data, encryption of network access and the introduction of malware. Despite our cybersecurity efforts, we could be subject to breaches of security systems which may result in unauthorized access, misappropriation, corruption or disruption of the information we are trying to protect, in which case we could suffer material harm. For example, access to our proprietary information regarding new alloy formulations would allow our competitors to use that information in the development of competing products. Current employees have, and former employees may have, access to a significant amount of information regarding our Company which could be disclosed to our competitors or otherwise used to harm us. Any misappropriation or corruption of our systems and information or disruption of our operations could have a material adverse effect on our business. Our information technology systems could be subject to attack . Our information technology systems could be subject to sabotage by employees or third parties, including attacks in which the systems could be shut down with a demand for payment of ransom , which could slow or stop production or otherwise adversely affect our business. Any such attack could disrupt our operations and could have a material adverse effect on our business. We depend on our information technology infrastructure to support the current and future information requirements of our operations which exposes us to risk. Management relies on our information technology infrastructure, including hardware, network, software, people and processes, to provide useful information to support assessments and conclusions about operating performance. Our inability to produce relevant or reliable measures of operating performance in an efficient, cost-effective and well-controlled fashion may have significant negative impacts on our business. Risks Related to Our Finance Activities We value our inventory using the FIFO method, which could put pressure on our margins. The cost of our inventories is determined using the first-in, first-out (FIFO) method. Under the FIFO inventory costing method, the cost of materials included in cost of sales may be different than the current market price at the time of sale of finished product due to the length of time from the acquisition of raw material to the sale of the finished product. In a period of decreasing raw material costs, the FIFO inventory valuation normally results in higher costs of sales as compared to the last-in, first-out method. This could result in compression of the gross margin on our product sales. Changes in tax rules and regulations, or interpretations thereof, may adversely affect our effective tax rates. We are a U.S. based company with customers and suppliers in foreign countries. We import various raw materials used in our production processes, and we export goods to our foreign customers. The United States, the European Commission, countries in the EU, including the United Kingdom, and other countries where we do business may change relevant tax, border tax, accounting and other laws, regulations and interpretations, that may unfavorably impact our effective tax rate or result in other costs to us. In addition, the Company has deferred tax assets on its balance sheet which could be subjected to unfavorable impacts if tax rates are reduced, such as those that occurred at the end of calendar year 2017. 
 27 

Table of Contents 
 We could be required to make additional contributions to our defined benefit pension plans or recognize higher related expense in our statement of operations as a result of adverse changes in interest rates and the capital markets. Our estimates of liabilities and expenses for pension benefits incorporate significant assumptions, including the rate used to discount the future estimated liability, the long-term rate of return on plan assets and several assumptions relating to the employee workforce (salary increases, retirement age and mortality). We currently expect that we will be required to make future minimum contributions to our defined benefit pension plans. Many domestic and international competitors do not provide defined benefit plans and/or retiree health plans (which we do provide), and those competitors may have a resulting cost advantage. A decline in the value of plan investments in the future, an increase in costs or liabilities, including those caused by the lowering of the rate used to discount future payouts, or unfavorable changes in laws or regulations that govern pension plan funding could materially change the timing and amount of required pension funding or the amount of related expense recognized in our statement of operations. A requirement to fund any deficit created in the future could have a material adverse effect on our business. The carrying value of goodwill and other intangible assets may not be recoverable. Goodwill and other intangible assets are recorded at fair value on the date of acquisition. We review these assets at least annually for impairment. Impairment may result from, among other things, deterioration in performance, adverse market conditions, adverse changes in applicable laws or regulations and a variety of other factors. A sustained downturn resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic or otherwise may result in the carrying value of our goodwill or other intangible assets exceeding their fair value, which may require us to recognize impairment to those assets. Any future impairment of goodwill or other intangible assets could have a material adverse effect on our business. We may not be able to obtain financing on terms that are acceptable to us. The global capital markets have been adversely affected, and may continue to be adversely affected, by the economic effects of the COVID-19 pandemic. Terms for borrowers have become significantly less favorable. As a result of this and other issues, we may not be able to obtain needed financing on terms that are acceptable to us. Our working capital requirements may negatively affect our liquidity and capital resources. Our working capital requirements can vary significantly, depending in part on the timing of our delivery obligations under various customer contracts and the payment terms with our customers and suppliers. If our working capital needs exceed our cash flows from operations, we would look to our cash balances and availability for borrowings under our existing credit facility to satisfy those needs, as well as potential sources of additional capital, which may not be available on satisfactory terms and in adequate amounts, if at all. Risks Related to Our Global Operations We are subject to risks associated with global trade matters We are subject to macroeconomic downturns in the United States and abroad that may affect the general economic climate, our performance and the demand of our customers. Previous turmoil in the global economy has had, and future turmoil may have, an adverse impact on our business and our financial condition. In addition to the impact that the global financial crisis previously had, we may face significant challenges if conditions in the global economy worsen. Economic turmoil has resulted and may continue to result from the COVID-19 pandemic, which has adversely impacted and may continue to adversely impact our business. Transportation and logistics resources, including shipping and transportation services, have been in short supply, which has had, and may continue to have, and adverse effect on our business. Further, any global trade wars or similar economic turmoil, including new or existing tariffs, could adversely affect our business. For example, the U.S. and China have imposed tariffs on large amounts of products imported into each of the countries from one another. Moreover, these new tariffs, or other changes in trade policy, have resulted in, and may continue to trigger, retaliatory actions on the part of these countries and potentially other countries in the future. Talks between the two countries are ongoing, but the outcome is highly uncertain and could affect our ability to buy raw materials from China and sell products into the Chinese market. A trade war or other governmental action related to tariffs or 
 28 

Table of Contents 
 international trade agreements or policies has the potential to adversely impact demand for our products, our costs, customers, suppliers and/or the U.S. economy or certain sections thereof, and, thus, adversely affect our business. Our competitors outside of the United States may not be subject to these tariffs or other measures, and therefore, could have a significant competitive advantage over us in that respect. In addition, the long-term effect of the exit of the United Kingdom from the European Union is currently unknown and could adversely affect our business. A global recession or disruption in global financial markets could adversely affect us. A global recession or disruption in the global financial markets, including any significant tariff impositions or trade wars, presents risks and uncertainties that we cannot predict. During recessionary economic conditions or financial market disruptions, we face risks that may include: declines in revenues and profitability from reduced or delayed orders by our customers; supply problems associated with any financial constraints faced by our suppliers; restrictions on our access to credit sources; reductions to our banking group or to our committed credit availability due to combinations or failures of financial institutions; and increases in corporate tax rates to finance government spending programs. 
 The risks inherent in our international operations may adversely impact our revenues, results of operations and financial condition. We anticipate that we will continue to derive a significant portion of our revenues from operations in international markets. As we continue to expand internationally, we will need to hire, train and retain qualified personnel for our direct sales efforts and retain distributors and train their personnel in countries where language, cultural or regulatory impediments may exist. Distributors, regulators or government agencies may not continue to accept our products, services and business practices, and costs related to international trade have increased and may continue to increase. In addition, we purchase raw materials on the international market. The sale and shipment of our products and services across international borders, as well as the purchase of raw materials from international sources, subject us to the trade regulations of various jurisdictions, including tariffs and other possible punitive measures. Compliance with such regulations is costly. Any failure to comply with applicable legal and regulatory obligations could impact us in a variety of ways that include, but are not limited to, significant criminal, civil and administrative penalties, including imprisonment of individuals, fines and penalties, denial of export privileges, seizure of shipments and restrictions on certain business activities. Failure to comply with applicable legal and regulatory obligations could result in the disruption of our shipping, sales and service activities. Our international sales operations expose us and our representatives, agents and distributors to risks inherent in operating in foreign jurisdictions any one or more of which may adversely affect our business, including: our ability to obtain, and the costs associated with obtaining, U.S. export licenses and other required export or import licenses or approvals; changes in duties and tariffs, quotas, taxes, trade restrictions, license obligations and other non-tariff barriers to trade; policy changes affecting the market for our products; burdens of complying with the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and a wide variety of foreign laws and regulations; business practices or laws favoring local companies; 
 29 

Table of Contents 
 fluctuations in foreign currencies; restrictive trade policies of foreign governments; longer payment cycles and difficulties collecting receivables through foreign legal systems; difficulties in enforcing or defending agreements and intellectual property rights; and foreign political or economic conditions. 
 Any material decrease in our international revenues or inability to expand our international operations as a result of these or other factors would adversely impact our business. Export sales could present risks to our business. Export sales account for a significant percentage of our revenues, and we believe this will continue to be the case in the future. Risks associated with export sales include: political and economic instability, including weak conditions in the world s economies; accounts receivable collection; export controls; changes in legal and regulatory requirements; policy changes affecting the markets for our products; changes in tax laws and tariffs; trade duties; the effect of the United Kingdom s exit from the European Union and exchange rate fluctuations (which may affect sales to international customers and the value of profits earned on export sales when converted into dollars). Any of these factors could materially adversely affect our business. Political and social turmoil could adversely affect our business. The war on terrorism, as well as political and social turmoil (including global recessions or interruptions in financial markets, whether or not related to COVID-19), could put pressure on economic conditions in the United States and worldwide. These political, social and economic conditions could make it difficult for us, our suppliers and our customers to forecast accurately and plan future business activities, and could adversely affect the financial condition of our suppliers and customers and affect customer decisions as to the amount and timing of purchases from us. As a result, our business could be materially adversely affected. Risks Related to Our Legal and Environmental Activities We may be adversely impacted by costs related to environmental, health and safety laws, regulations, and other liabilities. We are subject to various foreign, federal, state and local environmental, health and safety laws and regulations, including those governing the discharge of pollutants into the environment, the storage, handling, use, treatment and disposal of hazardous substances and wastes and the health and safety of our employees. Under these laws and regulations, we may be held liable for all costs arising out of any release of hazardous substances on, under or from any of our current or former properties or any off-site location to which we sent or arranged to be sent wastes for disposal or treatment, and such costs may be material. We could also be held liable for any and all consequences arising out of human exposure to such substances or other hazardous substances that may be attributable to our products or other environmental damage. In addition, some of these laws and regulations require our facilities to operate under permits that are subject to renewal or modification. These laws, regulations and permits can require expensive pollution control equipment or operational changes to limit actual or potential impacts to the environment. Violations of these laws, regulations or permits can also result in the imposition of substantial penalties, permit revocations and/or facility shutdowns. We have received permits from the environmental regulatory authorities in Indiana and North Carolina to close and to provide post-closure monitoring and care for certain areas of our Kokomo and Mountain Home facilities that were used for the storage and disposal of wastes, some of which are classified as hazardous under applicable regulations. We are required to monitor groundwater and to continue post-closure maintenance of the former disposal areas at each site. 
 30 

Table of Contents 
 As a result, we are aware of elevated levels of certain contaminants in the groundwater and additional corrective action could be required. Additionally, it is possible that we could be required to undertake other corrective action for any other solid waste management unit or other conditions existing or determined to exist at our facilities. We are unable to estimate the costs of any further corrective action, if required. However, the costs of future corrective action at these or any other current or former sites could have a material adverse effect on our business. We may also incur liability for alleged environmental damages associated with the off-site transportation and disposal of hazardous substances. Our operations generate hazardous substances, many of which we accumulate at our facilities for subsequent transportation and disposal or recycling by third parties off-site. Generators of hazardous substances which are transported to disposal sites where environmental problems are alleged to exist are subject to liability under CERCLA and state counterparts. In addition, we may have generated hazardous substances disposed of at sites which are subject to CERCLA or equivalent state law remedial action. We have been named as a potentially responsible party at one site. CERCLA imposes strict, joint and several liabilities for investigatory and cleanup costs upon hazardous substance generators, site owners and operators and other potentially responsible parties regardless of fault. If we are named as a potentially responsible party at other sites in the future, the costs associated with those future sites could have a material adverse effect on our business. Environmental laws are complex, change frequently and have tended to become increasingly stringent over time, including those relating to greenhouse gases. While we have budgeted for future capital and operating expenditures to comply with environmental laws, changes in any environmental law may directly or indirectly increase our costs of compliance and liabilities arising from any past or future releases of, or exposure to, hazardous substances and may materially adversely affect our business. See Business Environmental Matters. Government regulation is increasing and if we fail to comply with such increased regulation, we could be subject to fines, penalties and expenditures. The United States Congress has adopted several significant pieces of legislation, such as the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010, including conflict minerals regulations, that affect our operation as well as those of other publicly traded companies. In addition, regulations relating to data protection and privacy law have become increasingly stringent. Further, the government has enacted significant laws and regulations related to the COVID-19 pandemic (including vaccination and other safety-related requirements) with which we must comply. We may be subject to significant fines and penalties, as well as reputational risks or customer disqualification or dissatisfaction, if we fail to comply with these laws or their implementing regulations, and the increasingly stringent regulations could require us to make additional unforeseen expenditures. Any such fines, penalties or expenditures could have a material adverse effect on our business. Our business is affected by federal rules, regulations and orders applicable to some of our customers who are government contractors. A number of our products are manufactured and sold to customers who are parties to U.S. government contracts or subcontracts. Consequently, we are indirectly subject to various federal rules, regulations and orders applicable to government contractors. From time to time, we are also subject to government inquiries and investigations of our business practices due to our participation in government programs. These inquiries and investigations are costly and consuming of internal resources, and costs are expected to increase. Violations of applicable government rules and regulations could result in civil liability, in cancellation or suspension of existing contracts or in ineligibility for future contracts or subcontracts funded in whole or in part with federal funds, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business. Our business could be materially and adversely affected by climate change and related matters. We analyze climate change risks in two separate categories: transition risks and physical risks. Transition risks are those risks relating to the transition of the global economy to a focus on more climate-friendly technologies. This transition could have adverse financial impacts on us in several ways. For instance, more stringent environmental policies or regulations could lead to increased expenses relating to green-house gas emissions or other emissions that could increase 
 31 

Table of Contents 
 our operating costs. Enhanced emissions-reporting or shifting technology could require us to write off or impair assets or retire existing assets early. Increased environmental mandates could also increase our exposure to litigation. We could be required to incur increased costs and significant capital investment to transition to lower emissions technology. In addition, overall market shifts could increase costs of our raw materials and cause unexpected shifts in energy costs. Market shifts could also bring a prompt change in our overall revenue mix and sources, resulting in reduced demand in alloys and a decrease in revenues. Focus on sustainability has increased, and the entire industry could be stigmatized as not friendly to the environment, which could adversely affect our reputation and our business, including due to difficulties in employee hiring and retention and our ability to access capital. Any of these matters could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. Physical risks from climate change that could affect our business include acute weather events such as floods, tornadoes or other severe weather and ongoing changes such as rising temperatures or extreme variability in weather patterns. These events could lead to increased capital costs from damage to our facilities, increased insurance premiums or reduced revenue from decreased production capacity based on supply chain interruptions. Any of these events could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. Our business subjects us to risk of litigation claims, including those that might not be covered by insurance. Litigation claims may relate to the conduct of our business, including claims pertaining to product liability, commercial disputes, employment actions, employee benefits, compliance with domestic and federal laws and personal injury. Due to the uncertainties of litigation, we might not prevail on claims made against us in the lawsuits that we currently face, and additional claims may be made against us in the future. The outcome of litigation cannot be predicted with certainty, and some of these lawsuits, claims or proceedings may be determined adversely to us. The resolution in any reporting period of one or more of these matters could have a material adverse effect on our business, particularly in the event that adverse outcomes are not covered by insurance. Our insurance may not provide enough coverage or may not be available on terms that are acceptable to us. We maintain various forms of insurance, including insurance covering claims related to our properties and risks associated with our operations. Our existing property and liability insurance coverages contain exclusions and limitations on coverage. From time-to-time, in connection with renewals of insurance, we have experienced additional exclusions and limitations on coverage, larger self-insured retentions and deductibles and significantly higher premiums. Costs associated with cybersecurity insurance coverage have increased dramatically, and we may be required to pay higher premiums or deductibles or accept lower levels, or no, coverage for fiscal 2022. In the future, our insurance coverage may not cover claims to the extent that it has in the past and the costs that we incur to procure insurance may increase significantly, either of which could have an adverse effect on our business. Furthermore, the insurance industry, or our carriers specifically, may continue to alter their business models in manners that are unfavorable to us, resulting in insufficient or more costly coverage, which could adversely affect our business. 
 32 

Table of Contents 
 General Risk Factors An interruption in energy services may cause manufacturing curtailments or shutdowns. We rely upon third parties for our supply of energy resources consumed in the manufacture of our products. The potential for curtailment of certain energy resources exists which could have a material adverse effect on our business. The prices for and availability of electricity, natural gas, hydrogen, oil and other energy resources are subject to volatile market conditions. These market conditions often are affected by political and economic factors, weather issues and other factors, including those caused by the COVID-19 pandemic, which may be beyond our control. Disruptions in the supply of energy resources have temporarily impaired, and could continue to impair, our ability to manufacture products for customers. Further, increases in energy costs, which are outside of our control, or changes in costs relative to energy costs paid by competitors, has and may continue to adversely affect our business. To the extent that these uncertainties cause suppliers and customers to be more cost sensitive, increased energy prices may have an adverse effect on our business. If we are unable to recruit, hire and retain skilled and experienced personnel, our ability to effectively manage and expand our business will be harmed. Our success largely depends on the skills, experience and efforts of our officers and other key employees who may terminate their employment at any time. The loss of any of our senior management team could harm our business. Our ability to retain our skilled workforce and our success in attracting and hiring new skilled employees will be a critical factor in determining whether we will be successful in the future. We face challenges in hiring, training, managing and retaining employees in certain areas including metallurgical researchers, equipment technicians and sales and marketing staff. We also face hiring challenges relating to the location of our business. All of these risks have been exacerbated as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic and the cost savings measures the Company has implemented as a result. In addition, the COVID-19 pandemic has effected significant changes in the U.S. and international workforce which change the way we approach recruitment and retention of talent. If we are unable to recruit, hire and retain skilled employees, our new product and alloy development and commercialization could be delayed and our marketing and sales efforts could be hindered, which would adversely impact our business. Healthcare costs, including those related to healthcare legislation, have and may continue to impact our business. The Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act and other legislation relating to healthcare have increased our annual employee healthcare cost obligations. In addition, costs associated with healthcare generally, including our retiree healthcare plans, are expected to continue to increase. We may also incur increased healthcare costs pursuant to legislation or rule-making mandated in connection with the COVID-19 pandemic. This area of law is expected to continue to change, and we cannot predict the effect that healthcare legislation or regulation, and the costs of healthcare in general, will ultimately have on our business. Any significant delay or problems in any future expansion of our operations could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. We have undertaken, and may continue to undertake, significant capital projects in order to enhance, expand and/or upgrade our facilities and operational capabilities, including rebuilding the A K line and 4-HI rolling system upgrades. Our ability to achieve the anticipated increased revenues or otherwise realize acceptable returns on these investments or other strategic capital projects that we may undertake is subject to a number of risks, many of which are beyond our control, including the ability of management to ensure the necessary resources are in place to properly execute these projects on time and in accordance with planned costs, the ability of key suppliers to deliver the necessary equipment according to schedule, customer demand (which fluctuates as a result of the cyclical markets in which we operate, as well as other factors) and our ability to implement these projects with minimal impact to our existing operations. In addition, the cost to implement any given strategic capital project ultimately may prove to be greater than originally anticipated. If we are not able to achieve the anticipated results from the implementation of any of our strategic capital projects, or if we incur unanticipated implementation costs or delays, our business may be materially adversely affected. 
 33 

Table of Contents 
 We consider acquisitions, joint ventures and other business combination opportunities, as well as possible business unit dispositions, as part of our overall business strategy, which involve uncertainties and potential risks that we cannot predict or anticipate fully. We intend to continue to strategically position our businesses in order to improve our ability to compete. Strategies we may employ include seeking new or expanding existing specialty market niches for our products, expanding our global presence, acquiring businesses complementary to existing strengths and continually evaluating the performance and strategic fit of our existing business units. From time to time, management of the Company holds discussions with management of other companies to explore acquisitions, joint ventures and other business combination opportunities as well as possible business unit dispositions. As a result, the relative makeup of our business is subject to change. Acquisitions, joint ventures and other business combinations involve various inherent risks, such as: assessing accurately the value, strengths, weaknesses, contingent and other liabilities and potential profitability of acquisition or other transaction candidates; the potential loss of key personnel of an acquired business; integration of technological systems; our ability to achieve identified financial and operating synergies anticipated to result from an acquisition or other transaction; diversion of the attention of certain management personnel from their day-to-day duties; and unanticipated changes in business and economic conditions affecting an acquisition or other transaction. International acquisitions could be affected by many additional factors, including, without limitation, export controls, exchange rate fluctuations, domestic and foreign political conditions and deterioration in domestic and foreign economic conditions. Our stock price is subject to fluctuations that may not be related to our performance as a result of being traded on a public exchange. The stock market can be highly volatile. The market price of our common stock is likely to be similarly volatile, and investors in our common stock may experience a decrease in the value of their stock, including decreases unrelated to our operating performance or prospects. The price of our common stock could be subject to wide fluctuations in response to a number of factors, including, but not limited to, those described elsewhere in this Risk Factors section and those listed below: fluctuations in the market price of nickel (or other raw materials, such as cobalt, molybdenum or ferrochrome) or energy; market conditions in the end markets into which our customers sell their products, principally aerospace, power generation and chemical processing; implementation of barriers to free trade between the United States and other countries; announcements of technological innovations or new products and services by us or our competitors; the operating and stock price performance of other companies that investors may deem comparable to us; announcements by us of acquisitions, alliances, joint development efforts or corporate partnerships in the high-temperature resistant alloy and corrosion-resistant alloy markets; market conditions in the technology, manufacturing or other growth sectors; and rumors relating to us or our competitors. 
 We may not continue to pay dividends at the current rate or at all. Any future payment of dividends, including the timing and amount thereof, will depend upon our Board of Director s assessment of the economic environment, our operations, financial condition, projected liabilities, compliance with contractual restrictions in our credit agreement, restrictions imposed by applicable law and other factors. 
 34 

Table of Contents 
 Provisions of our certificate of incorporation and by-laws could discourage potential acquisition proposals and could deter or prevent a change in control. Some provisions in our certificate of incorporation and by-laws, as well as Delaware statutes, may have the effect of delaying, deterring or preventing a change in control. These provisions, including those regulating the nomination of directors, may make it more difficult for other persons, without the approval of our Board of Directors, to launch takeover attempts that a stockholder might consider to be in his or her best interest. These provisions could limit the price that some investors might be willing to pay in the future for shares of our common stock. Recent actions by proxy advisory firms and large institutional shareholders may affect our stock price. In recent periods, both Institutional Shareholder Services and Glass Lewis, two primary proxy advisory firms, as well as large institutional investors, have emphasized the importance of disclosure regarding the environmental, social and governance actions taken by publicly traded companies. If we are unable to achieve acceptable scores relating to these matters, our stock price and reputation may be affected. Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comment s There are no unresolved comments by the staff of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. Item 2. Propertie s Manufacturing Facilities. The Company owns manufacturing facilities in the following locations: Kokomo, Indiana manufactures and sells all product forms, other than tubular and wire goods; Arcadia, Louisiana manufactures and sells welded and seamless tubular goods; and Mountain Home, North Carolina manufactures and sells high-performance alloy wire and small diameter bar. 
 The Kokomo plant, the Company s primary production facility, is located on approximately 180 acres of industrial property and includes over 1.0 million square feet of building space. There are three sites consisting of (1) a headquarters and research laboratory; (2) primary and secondary melting, forge press and several smaller hot mills; and (3) the Company s four-high Steckel rolling mill and sheet product cold working equipment, including two cold rolling mills and three annealing furnaces. All alloys and product forms other than tubular and wire goods are produced in Kokomo. The Arcadia plant is located on approximately 42 acres of land and includes 202,500 square feet of buildings on a single site. Arcadia uses feedstock produced in Kokomo to fabricate welded and seamless high-performance alloy pipe and tubing and purchases extruded tube hollows to produce seamless titanium tubing. Manufacturing processes at Arcadia require cold pilger mills, weld mills, draw benches, annealing furnaces and pickling facilities. The Mountain Home plant is located on approximately 29 acres of land and includes approximately 100,000 square feet of building space. The Mountain Home facility is primarily used to manufacture finished high-performance alloy wire. Finished wire products are also warehoused at this facility. The owned facilities located in the United States are subject to a mortgage which secures the Company s obligations under its U.S. revolving credit facility with a group of lenders led by JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. For more information, see Note 8 to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 35 

Table of Contents 
 Service and Sales Centers. The service and sales centers, which stock and sell all product forms, contain equipment capable of precision laser and water jet processing services to cut and shape products to customers precise specifications. The Company owns service and sales centers in the following locations: Openshaw, England Lenzburg, Switzerland 
 The Openshaw plant, located near Manchester, England, consists of approximately 5 acres of land and over 85,000 square feet of buildings on a single site. In addition, the Company leases service and sales centers, which stock and sell all product forms, in the following locations: LaPorte, Indiana La Mirada, California Houston, Texas Windsor, Connecticut Shanghai, China 
 Sales Centers. The Company leases sales centers, which sell all product forms, in the following locations: Paris, France Singapore Milan, Italy Tokyo, Japan 
 During fiscal 2021, the Company consolidated its sales center in Zurich, Switzerland into the Lenzburg, Switzerland service center. On January 1, 2015, the Company entered into a finance lease agreement for the building that houses the assets and operations of LaPorte Custom Metal Processing (LCMP). The finance asset and obligation are recorded at the present value of the minimum lease payments. The asset is included in Property, plant and equipment, net on the Consolidated Balance Sheet and is depreciated over the 20 year lease term. The long-term component of the finance lease obligation is included in Long-term obligations (See Note 19. Long-term Obligations). All owned and leased service and sales centers not described in detail above are single site locations and are less than 100,000 square feet, except for the LaPorte service center which is approximately 230,000 square feet. Item 3. Legal Proceeding s The Company is subject to extensive federal, state and local laws and regulations. Future developments and increasingly stringent regulations could require the Company to make additional unforeseen expenditures for these matters. The Company is regularly involved in litigation, both as a plaintiff and as a defendant, relating to its business and operations. Such litigation includes, without limitation, federal and state EEOC administrative and judicial actions, litigation of commercial matters, asbestos litigation and litigation and administrative actions relating to environmental 
 36 

Table of Contents 
 matters. For more information, see Item 1. Business Environmental Matters. Litigation and administrative actions may result in substantial costs and may divert management s attention and resources, and the level of future expenditures for legal matters cannot be determined with any degree of certainty. Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures Not applicable. 
 37 

Table of Contents 
 Part I I Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities . The Company s common stock is listed on the NASDAQ Global Market NASDAQ and traded under the symbol HAYN . As of November 1, 2021, there were approximately 56 holders of record of the Company s common stock. The Company has historically paid quarterly cash dividends. Any decision to pay future cash dividends will be made by the Company s Board of Directors and will depend upon the Company s earnings, financial condition and other factors. Set forth below is information regarding the Company s stock repurchases during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2021. 

Period Total Number of Shares (or Units) Purchased Average Price Paid per Share (or Unit Total Number of Shares (or Units) Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs Maximum Number (or Approximate Dollar Value[000 s]) of Shares (or Units) that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs July 1-31, 2021 August 1-31, 2021 September 1-30, 2021 136,729 36.46 112,978 15,755 Total 136,729 36.46 112,978 15,755 Cumulative Total Stockholder Return The graph below compares the cumulative total stockholder return on the Company s common stock to the cumulative total return of the Russell 2000 Index, S P MidCap 400 Index, and Peer Groups for each of the last five fiscal years ended September 30. The cumulative total return assumes an investment of 100 on September 30, 2016 and the reinvestment of any dividends during the period. The Russell 2000 is a broad-based index that includes smaller market capitalization stocks. The S P MidCap 400 Index is the most widely used index for mid-sized companies. Management believes that the S P MidCap 400 is representative of companies with similar market and economic characteristics to Haynes. Furthermore, management also believes the Russell 2000 Index is representative of the Company s current market capitalization status and this index is also provided on a comparable basis. The companies included in the Peer Group Index: Allegheny Technologies, Inc., Howmet Aerospace Inc.(formerly Arconic, Inc)., Carpenter Technology Corp., Commercial Metals, Inc., Insteel Industries, Inc., Kaiser Aluminum Corporation, Materion Corporation, Olympic Steel, Inc., and Universal Stainless Alloy Products, Inc. Management believes that the companies included in the Peer Groups, taken as a whole, provide a meaningful comparison in terms of competition, product offerings and other relevant factors. The total stockholder return for the peer groups is weighted according to the respective issuer s stock market capitalization at the beginning of each period . 
 38 

Table of Contents 

2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 Haynes International, Inc. 100.00 99.09 100.24 104.05 51.43 115.51 Russell 2000 100.00 120.74 139.14 126.77 127.27 187.94 S P MidCap 400 100.00 117.52 134.21 130.87 128.04 183.97 Peer Group 100.00 116.97 121.42 119.85 88.92 160.07 
 39 

Table of Contents 
 Item 6. Selected Financial Dat a This information should be read in conjunction with Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and the consolidated financial statements and related notes thereto included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Amounts below are in thousands, except backlog, which is in millions, share and per share information and average nickel price. 

Year Ended September 30, 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 Statement of Operations Data: Net revenues 395,209 435,326 490,215 380,530 337,661 Cost of sales 349,520 379,491 424,712 335,898 297,931 Selling, general and administrative expense 41,569 47,030 44,195 40,307 43,470 Research and technical expense 3,855 3,785 3,592 3,713 3,403 Operating income (loss) 265 5,020 17,716 612 (7,143) Nonoperating retirement benefit expense 16,803 8,238 3,446 6,822 1,470 Interest expense (income), net 679 836 900 1,288 1,170 Provision for (benefit from) income taxes (7,027) 17,697 3,625 (1,020) (1,100) Net income (loss) (10,190) (21,751) 9,745 (6,478) (8,683) Net income (loss) per share: Basic (0.83) (1.75) 0.78 (0.53) (0.71) Diluted (0.83) (1.75) 0.78 (0.53) (0.71) Dividends declared per common share 0.88 0.88 0.88 0.88 0.88 Weighted average shares outstanding: Basic 12,397,099 12,419,564 12,445,212 12,470,664 12,499,609 Diluted 12,397,099 12,419,564 12,480,908 12,470,664 12,499,609 Note that the Company implemented ASU 2017-07, Compensation Retirement Benefits (Topic 715) on October 1, 2018 on a retrospective basis. This guidance requires non-service costs components of retirement expense to be reclassified outside of operating income to a new category titled Nonoperating retirement benefit expense in the statement of operations. Gross margins were favorably impacted by the reclassification of the non-service cost components of retirement expense. All prior periods have been adjusted for this change in accounting. 

September 30, 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 Balance Sheet Data: Working capital 300,468 304,151 311,793 313,320 287,393 Property, plant and equipment, net 192,556 179,400 169,966 159,819 147,248 Total assets 621,819 588,694 593,800 560,724 546,455 Total debt and other finance obligations 7,896 8,127 7,979 7,809 7,613 Long-term portion of debt and other finance obligations 7,896 7,980 7,809 7,614 7,385 Accrued pension and postretirement benefits (1) 208,476 170,180 215,741 199,223 109,722 Stockholders equity 333,772 333,220 296,275 301,501 343,321 Cash dividends paid 11,009 11,013 11,011 11,058 11,175 

2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 Consolidated Backlog at Fiscal Quarter End (2) : 1 st quarter 167.3 205.7 237.8 237.6 145.1 2 nd quarter 170.8 212.3 253.0 204.7 140.9 3 rd quarter 180.9 220.6 254.9 174.6 150.9 4 th quarter 177.3 216.0 235.2 153.3 175.3 
 40 

Table of Contents 

Year Ended September 30, 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 Average nickel price per pound (3) 5.10 5.68 8.02 6.74 8.80 

 (1) Significant volatility in the pension and postretirement benefits liability has occurred due to many factors such as changes in the discount rate used to value the future liability, variation in the return on assets and trends of postretirement health care expenses incurred by the Company. These changes have been reflected in the Pension and Postretirement Benefits Liability and a corresponding change to the accumulated other comprehensive loss account. During fiscal 2021 as a part of a broader capital allocation strategy, the U.S. pension asset allocation was changed to 30 equity and 70 fixed income as a part of a customized liability driven investment strategy designed to secure the improved funding percentage and reduce interest rate and equity risk. In addition, a lump sum funding of 15 million occurred in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2021. As a result, the net liability has dropped 89.5 million and this volatility is expected to be significantly reduced going forward. (2) The Company defines backlog to include firm commitments from customers for delivery of product at established prices. There are orders in the backlog at any given time which include prices that are subject to adjustment based on changes in raw material costs, which can vary but is roughly 50 of the orders. Historically, approximately 70 of the backlog orders have shipped within six months and approximately 90 have shipped within 12 months. The backlog figures do not typically reflect that portion of the business conducted at service and sales centers on a spot or just-in-time basis. (3) Represents the average price for a cash buyer as reported by the London Metals Exchange for the 30 days ending on the last day of the period presented . Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation s Please refer to page 2 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for a cautionary statement regarding forward-looking information. Overview of Business The Company is one of the world s largest producers of high-performance nickel- and cobalt-based alloys in flat product form, such as sheet, coil and plate. The Company is focused on developing, manufacturing, marketing and distributing technologically advanced, high-performance alloys, which are used primarily in the aerospace, chemical processing and industrial gas turbine industries. The global specialty alloy market includes stainless steel, titanium alloys, general-purpose nickel alloys and high-performance nickel- and cobalt-based alloys. The Company competes primarily in the high-performance nickel- and cobalt-based alloy sector, which includes high-temperature resistant alloys, or HTA products, and corrosion-resistant alloys, or CRA products. The Company believes it is one of the principal producers of high-performance alloy flat products in sheet, coil and plate forms. The Company also produces its products as seamless and welded tubulars and in bar, billet and wire forms. The Company has manufacturing facilities in Kokomo, Indiana; Arcadia, Louisiana; and Mountain Home, North Carolina. The Kokomo facility specializes in flat products, the Arcadia facility specializes in tubular products and the Mountain Home facility specializes in wire and small-diameter bar products. The Company distributes its products primarily through its direct sales organization, which includes 11 service and/or sales centers in the United States, Europe and Asia. All of these centers are Company-operated. 
 41 

Table of Contents 
 Overview of Markets The following table includes a breakdown of net revenues, shipments and average selling prices to the markets served by the Company for the periods shown. 

Year Ended September 30, 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 of of of of of Amount Total Amount Total Amount Total Amount Total Amount Total Net Revenues (dollars in millions) Aerospace 192.5 48.7 226.9 52.1 258.1 52.7 192.0 50.5 128.1 37.9 Chemical processing 70.5 17.8 79.2 18.2 89.7 18.3 63.1 16.6 63.1 18.7 Industrial gas turbine 61.5 15.6 52.4 12.0 59.4 12.1 56.6 14.9 66.8 19.8 Other markets 43.2 10.9 53.4 12.3 57.9 11.8 45.1 11.8 58.1 17.2 Total product 367.7 93.0 411.9 94.6 465.1 94.9 356.8 93.8 316.1 93.6 Other revenue (1) 27.5 7.0 23.4 5.4 25.1 5.1 23.7 6.2 21.6 6.4 Net revenues 395.2 100.0 435.3 100.0 490.2 100.0 380.5 100.0 337.7 100.0 U.S. 235.5 59.6 258.3 59.3 300.7 61.3 230.8 60.7 179.1 53.0 Foreign 159.7 40.4 177.0 40.7 189.5 38.7 149.7 39.3 158.6 47.0 Shipments by Market (millions of pounds) Aerospace 8.8 48.6 9.8 53.3 10.3 51.5 7.2 49.3 5.0 35.7 Chemical processing 3.2 17.7 3.9 21.2 4.3 21.5 2.8 19.2 2.8 20.0 Industrial gas turbine 4.5 24.9 2.9 15.8 3.4 17.0 3.3 22.6 4.2 30.0 Other markets 1.6 8.8 1.8 9.8 2.0 10.0 1.3 8.9 2.0 14.3 Total Shipments 18.1 100.0 18.4 100.0 20.0 100.0 14.6 100.0 14.0 100.0 Average Selling Price Per Pound Aerospace 21.76 23.05 25.11 26.56 25.81 Chemical processing 22.28 20.54 20.80 22.21 22.40 Industrial gas turbine 13.77 18.27 17.44 16.96 15.95 Other markets 26.36 29.14 28.35 35.85 28.46 Total product (2) 20.30 22.38 23.21 24.33 22.56 Total average selling price 21.81 23.66 24.46 25.95 24.10 

 (1) Other revenue consists of toll conversion, royalty income, scrap sales and revenue recognized from the TIMET agreement (see Note 16 in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements). Other revenue does not include associated shipment pounds. (2) Total product price per pound excludes Other Revenue . 
 Aerospace demand was moderately impacted in fiscal 2017 due to delays in the transition to new engine platforms combined with some softness in demand driven by lower oil and fuel costs. Underpinning demand for new engines is a desire for more fuel-efficiency and lower emissions, which had been tempered as a result of previous decreases in fuel prices. The slight pull-back was temporary, and in fiscal 2018, aerospace volume hit record levels, and revenue in that market increased 17.9 in that timeframe. Growth continued in fiscal 2019, with continued traction of the new generation engine platforms in spite of the grounding of the Boeing 737 MAX aircraft. One of the Company s core focus initiatives was to increase prices, which contributed to the revenue increase. Fiscal 2019 sales into the aerospace market represented a record year in both volume and revenue. Sales in the first half of fiscal 2020 were reduced with the continued grounding and subsequent production halt of the Boeing 737 MAX aircraft. Sales in the second half of fiscal 2020 were further severely impacted by the global COVID-19 pandemic causing significant reductions in air travel, which impacted both new plane builds and aftermarket sales. Sales into the aerospace market have also been impacted by high inventory levels of metal in the supply chain, which take time to work through the inventory and slows order volume to the Company. Volume shipped into the aerospace market declined 30.1 in fiscal 2020 compared to the prior year. Volumes continued to decline in the first quarter of fiscal year 2021, then began to increase by the end of fiscal 2021. Sales into the aerospace market in fiscal year 2021 were 50 of the fiscal year 2019 levels. Continued growth is expected as the number of people flying has improved and announced aircraft build rates have significantly increased. Single-aisle aircraft build rates announced in the industry show significant growth in 2022 and back to 2019 levels in 2023. 
 42 

Table of Contents 
 Chemical processing revenue in fiscal 2018 increased 12.3 due to recovery in the base business, as well as a moderate increase in specialty application projects. This growth continued in fiscal 2019 with net revenues into the chemical processing market increasing 13.2 . The main driver of demand in this market is capital spending in the chemical processing sector, driven by end-user demand for housing, automotive, energy and agricultural products. The chemical processing market is sensitive to oil prices, currency fluctuations and fiscal policies as well as world economic conditions and GDP growth. Additional drivers of demand in this market include the increase in North American production of natural gas liquids and the further downstream processing of chemicals that may utilize equipment that requires high-performance alloys. Increased sales to the chemical processing industry in fiscal 2018 and 2019 were related to improvement in global spending in the chemical processing sector combined with the Company s focus initiatives aimed at improving volumes. Fiscal 2020 and 2021 volume and sales were significantly impacted by the global COVID-19 pandemic. Volume shipped into the chemical processing industry market declined 34.9 in fiscal 2020 compared to the prior year and generally remained at that level across fiscal year 2021. Demand in this market is expected to rise with the economic impact of the COVID decreasing (subject to continuing fluctuations) and higher oil prices fueling additional capital expenditures in the chemical industry. Sales to the industrial gas turbine market declined in years leading up to fiscal 2018, and fiscal 2018 volumes represented less than half the volume of fiscal 2012 peak levels. Reported significant overcapacity in large-frame turbines primarily used for electrical power generation combined with growth in renewable energy facilities have taken a toll on demand for large-frame gas turbines. Two of the large OEM producers of large-frame turbines have restructured their power generation businesses due to weak demand. Sales and volume began to recover in fiscal 2019 and the first half of fiscal 2020. The recovery included a market share gain which began to gain traction in fiscal 2020. Industrial gas turbines are beneficial in electricity generating facilities due to low capital cost at installation, fewer emissions than traditional fossil fuel-fired facilities and favorable natural gas prices provided by availability of non-conventional (shale) gas supplies. The global COVID-19 pandemic impacted this market, however sales declines were mitigated by the Company s market share gains as well as restocking beginning to occur in the supply chain. Sales declined only 4.7 in fiscal 2020 compared to the prior year, then increased 18.0 in fiscal 2021 as the market share gain showed its full impact. The Company continues its push for additional market share going forward. The industries in the other markets category focus on upgrading overall product quality, improving product performance through increased efficiency, prolonging product life and lowering long-term costs. Companies in these industries are looking to achieve these goals through the use of advanced materials which support the increased use of high-performance alloys in an expanding number of applications. Sales into the other markets category improved in both fiscal 2018 and 2019. Sales in fiscal 2020 were significantly impacted by the global COVID-19 pandemic. Sales in fiscal year 2021 increased 28.8 as the Company strategically sought increased mill volumes especially in the flue-gas desulphurization industry to help improve fixed costs absorption challenges in the overall low volume environment in early fiscal year 2021. Going forward, in addition to supporting and expanding the traditional businesses of oil and gas, flue-gas desulfurization, automotive and heat treating, the Company expects increased levels of activity in non-traditional markets such as fuel cells and alternative energy applications in the long term, post pandemic. Other revenue consists primarily of toll conversion, but also includes royalty income, scrap sales and revenue recognized from the TIMET agreement. The demand for toll conversion includes TIMET conversion demand completed on the Company s four-high Steckel hot rolling mill in Kokomo, Indiana, as well as conversion work completed through LaPorte Custom Metal Products. Other revenue demand levels vary year-to-year based upon demand drivers in the respective markets of the Company s tolling customers. The global COVID-19 pandemic impacted tolling revenue, particularly revenue from those tolling customers that sell into the aerospace market. In fiscal 2021, other revenue represented 6.4 of net sales. Other revenue does not include associated shipment pounds because the metal is not owned by the Company. COVID-19 Pandemic COVID-19 related disruptions negatively impacted the Company s financial and operating results in the second half of fiscal 2020 and throughout fiscal 2021 and could continue to materially affect the Company s financial condition and results of operations. In particular, the pandemic negatively impacted the aerospace supply chain. The Company has, during this time period, accepted, with select aerospace customers, requests to delay the shipment of orders and in some 
 43 

Table of Contents 
 cases cancellations. Markets other than aerospace have also been depressed with uncertainty and tight cash management impacting customer ordering patterns. The Company has taken significant actions to position itself to manage through the current market disruption caused by COVID-19. Summary of Capital Spending Capital spending was 9.4 million and 5.9 million in fiscal 2020 and 2021, respectively, and the forecast for capital spending in fiscal 2022 is approximately 17.7 million, which is approaching the Company s depreciation levels. Capital Allocation Strategy On July 28, 2021, the Company announced a multi-faceted capital allocation strategy which includes 1) a share repurchase plan because management believes that repurchasing the Company s stock at current market prices represents an attractive capital allocation strategy for the Company. Management of the Company feels this is a unique opportunity to repurchase shares well below the intrinsic value of the Company given the outlook of the markets it serves, particularly the anticipated recovery in commercial aerospace, combined with gross margin expansion strategies 2) the recent adoption of a glide path for the U.S. pension plan to help secure improvements in funding percentage realized this fiscal year and 3) a U.S. pension plan accelerated funding strategy with the intention of fully funding the plan in approximately three years or less. These steps represent significant actions to de-risk the U.S. pension plan and strive to eliminate the largest liability on our balance sheet. Further details of each strategy are as follows: Share Repurchase Plan: On July 28, 2021, the Board of Directors authorized the use of up to 20.0 million of available cash to purchase shares of the Company s common stock for a period of one year. The Board adopted the repurchase plan because it believed that repurchasing the Company s stock at then-current market prices presented an attractive capital allocation strategy for the Company given the available options for the use of capital. Under the share repurchase plan, the Company is authorized to repurchase outstanding shares of its common stock in the open market or in privately negotiated transactions. In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2021, the Company repurchased 112,978 shares with an aggregate purchase price of 4.2 million, under this authorization. As of September 30, 2021, there is 15.8 million remaining under the July 2021 authorization that is available to be re-purchased. The share repurchase plan may be suspended, modified or discontinued at any time, and the Company has no obligation to repurchase any amount of its common stock under the plan. The Company intends to make all repurchases and to administer the plan in accordance with applicable laws and regulatory guidelines, including Rule 10b5-1 and Rule 10b-18 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Recent Adoption of Pension Plan Glide Path: The Company adopted a glide path strategy that changed the U.S. pension plan asset allocation with the intention of securing the improvement in pension plan funding percentage from 68 at September 30, 2020 to over 91 as of September 30, 2021. This improved funding was driven by better than expected return on plan assets combined with favorable movement of interest rates as well as pension contributions of 21 million. In addition, this strategy includes a customized liability-driven investment strategy that is expected to substantially reduce the plan s future interest rate risk and an asset allocation designed to reduce the plan s equity risk, both of which are expected to reduce the volatility of pension expense going forward. Accelerated Funding Strategy: The Company also increased pension funding levels to further reduce the pension liability as it strives to be fully funded with a zero net liability, in approximately two to three years, depending on future valuations and market conditions. The Company began this strategy with additional funding of 15.0 million in plan contributions in fiscal 2021 in addition to the current 6.0 million funding level 21 million total). Additional future funding levels will be determined based upon market conditions and the Company s financial position. 
 44 

Table of Contents 
 Valuation of the Pension Plan and the Retiree Healthcare Plan The actuarial valuation of the U.S. pension and retiree healthcare plans on September 30, 2021 included a favorable increase in the discount rates used to measure the plan liabilities along with other favorable items including higher than expected return on plan assets and continued favorable retiree health care spending. The U.S. defined benefit pension net liabilities decreased from 105.2 million at the beginning of the year to 26.1 million at September 30, 2021. The funding percentage of assets to benefit obligation increased from 68.0 as of September 30, 2020 to 91.3 as of September 30, 2021. These amounts do not include the United Kingdom pension plan which is an 8.4 million net asset (shown in other assets on the consolidated balance sheet) or two small nonqualified pension plans with a liability of 0.6 million. In addition, the post-retirement health care liability, which is unfunded, declined from 93.3 million at September 30, 2020 to 83.0 million at September 30, 2021. This favorable valuation is expected to reduce expense in fiscal 2022 by 6.0 million, reflected primarily in the Nonoperating Retirement Benefit Expense in the Statement of Operations. Volumes and Pricing In fiscal 2019, volume shipped in the fourth quarter was 5.4 million pounds. Moving into the first half of fiscal 2020, volumes were negatively impacted by the grounding and subsequent production halt of the Boeing 737 MAX aircraft. The second half of fiscal 2020 was then significantly impacted by the global COVID-19 pandemic, which lowered volumes in the third and fourth quarter. Moving into fiscal year 2021, the pandemic continued to dramatically impact volumes with first quarter volumes bottoming at 2.8 million pounds. The second quarter began to improve with 3.5 million pounds, and the third and fourth quarters were 3.7 and 4.0 million pounds shipped, respectively. While volumes shipped into the aerospace market began to improve in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2021, significant growth is still expected as the market begins its recovery. Aerospace volumes in fiscal 2021 were 31.3 below volumes of fiscal year 2020 and 51.7 below volumes of fiscal 2019. Published build rates of single aisle aircraft show significant growth expected in fiscal year 2022 and generally a return to 2019 levels in fiscal year 2023. Volumes in the chemical processing market were relatively flat in fiscal year 2021 compared to 2020 with demand continuing to be impacted by the pandemic as well as weather-related events and supply chain challenges. Industrial gas turbine volumes were up 25.5 in fiscal year 2021 compared to 2020 driven by market share gain initiatives gaining traction. Volume in other markets grew 62.2 in fiscal year 2021 compared to 2020, led by increases in shipments to the flue gas desulphurization (FGD), oil gas, nuclear and wear resistant markets. The largest growth occurred in the FGD market as business conditions continue to improve in the aerospace market. The Company expects to see a reduction in FGD shipments as it utilizes manufacturing capacity on higher-value products. The product average selling price per pound in fiscal 2021 was 22.56, which is a 7.3 decrease over last fiscal year. The decrease is significantly driven by changes in product mix (both alloy and form) to lower value products and markets to increase volumes and combat fixed cost absorption headwinds. This is most evident in other markets with a 20.6 reduction in average selling price per pound to products described in the preceding paragraph in the FGD market. This lower value mix is expected to improve as the Company utilizes its manufacturing capacity on higher value products when demand in the aerospace market recovers. Multiple price increases have been announced, which is expected to offset inflation and continue to improve profitability. The average market price of nickel as reported by the London Metals Exchange for the 30-days ending September 30, 2021 was 8.80 as compared to the prior year 30-days ending September 30, 2020 average market price of 6.74 per pound. The Company values inventory utilizing the first-in, first-out FIFO inventory costing methodology. In a period of decreasing raw material costs, the FIFO inventory valuation normally results in higher costs of sales as compared to the last-in, first out method. Conversely, in a period of rising prices, the FIFO inventory valuation normally results in lower costs of sales as compared to the last-in, first out method. 
 45 

Table of Contents 
 Gross Profit Margin Trend Performance The following tables show net revenue, gross profit margin and gross profit margin percentage for fiscal 2020 and fiscal 2021. 

Trend of Gross Profit Margin and Gross Profit Margin Percentage for Fiscal 2020 Quarter Ended December 31 March 31 June 30 September 30 Net revenues 108,453 111,563 80,576 79,938 Gross Profit Margin 18,743 19,296 2,639 3,954 Gross Profit Margin 17.3 17.3 3.3 4.9 

Trend of Gross Profit Margin and Gross Profit Margin Percentage for Fiscal 2021 Quarter Ended December 31 March 31 June 30 September 30 Net revenues 72,177 82,063 88,143 95,278 Gross Profit Margin 987 8,385 13,658 16,700 Gross Profit Margin 1.4 10.2 15.5 17.5 The significant drop in volumes resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic compressed margins significantly in the third and fourth quarters of fiscal 2020 and most significantly the first quarter of fiscal 2021. These low volume levels created a significant fixed cost absorption headwind which required a direct charge to cost of goods sold for excess fixed overhead per pound incurred due to abnormally low production levels that could not be capitalized into inventory. In the third and fourth quarter of fiscal 2020, the Company charged 5.9 million and 4.0 million, respectively. In fiscal 2021, the direct charges continued each quarter at 5.9 million, 2.8 million, 2.0 million and 0.8 million. As volumes recover, the direct charge diminishes. No direct charges are expected going forward. The Company s focus initiatives have reduced the volume breakeven point by over 25 . The Company previously struggled to be profitable at roughly 5.0 million pounds. In fiscal 2021 with the current product mix, the Company can generate profits at lower volumes as demonstrated in the third quarter of fiscal 2021, producing a positive net income at only 3.7 million pounds shipped. The gross profit margin percentage improved over fiscal 2021 and ended in the fourth quarter above the pre-pandemic levels at 17.5 . Going forward, the Company anticipates improvement in volumes and net revenue driven by the expected aerospace market recovery. Controllable Working Capital Controllable working capital, which includes accounts receivable, inventory, accounts payable and accrued expenses, was 238.7 million at September 30, 2021, a decrease of 26.3 million or 9.9 from 264.9 million at September 30, 2020. This decrease resulted primarily from accounts payable and accrued expenses increasing by 35.5 million in the aggregate, partially offset by accounts receivable increasing by 6.8 million and inventory increasing by 2.4 million. As compared to the third quarter ended June 30, 2021, controllable working capital increased 6.4 million, or 2.8 . This increase resulted primarily from inventory increasing 17.8 million as we built work-in-process inventory to support the increasing demand and accounts receivable increasing 6.0 million, partially offset by increases in accounts payable and accrued expenses of 17.4 million in the aggregate. Dividends Declared On November 18, 2021, the Company announced that the Board of Directors declared a regular quarterly cash dividend of 0.22 per outstanding share of the Company s common stock. The dividend is payable December 15, 2021 to stockholders of record at the close of business on December 1, 2021. The aggregate cash payout based on current shares outstanding will be approximately 2.8 million, or approximately 11.1 million on an annualized basis if current dividend levels are maintained. 
 46 

Table of Contents 
 Backlog Set forth below is information relating to the Company s backlog and the 30-day average nickel price per pound as reported by the London Metals Exchange. This information should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and related notes thereto and the remainder of Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Quarter Ended Quarter Ended December 31, March 31, June 30, September 30, December 31, March 31, June 30, September 30, 2019 2020 2020 2020 2020 2021 2021 2021 Backlog Dollars (in thousands) 237,620 204,709 174,639 153,266 145,143 140,892 150,915 175,299 Pounds (in thousands) 8,231 6,930 5,643 5,485 5,607 5,622 6,642 7,084 Average selling price per pound 28.87 29.54 30.95 27.94 25.89 25.06 22.72 24.75 Average nickel price per pound London Metals Exchange (1) 6.26 5.39 5.76 6.74 7.62 7.47 8.14 8.80 

 (1) Represents the average price for a cash buyer as reported by the London Metals Exchange for the 30 days ending on the last day of the period presented. 
 Order entry rates continued to increase each quarter of fiscal 2021. Backlog was 175.3 million at September 30, 2021, an increase of approximately 24.4 million, or 16.2 , from 150.9 million at June 30, 2021. The backlog dollars increased during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2021 due to an 8.9 increase in backlog average selling price combined with a 6.7 increase in backlog pounds. The increase in average selling price was due to a higher-value product mix in the backlog. Backlog increased by 22.0 million, or 14.4 , from 153.3 million at September 30, 2020 to 175.3 million at September 30, 2021 due to a 29.2 increase in backlog pounds partially offset by an 11.4 decrease in backlog average selling price. The increase in backlog pounds was primarily driven by increases in demand in the chemical processing and industrial gas turbine markets. The decrease in average selling price was due to a lower-value product mix in the backlog. Revenues by geographic area Net revenues in fiscal 2019, 2020 and 2021 were generated primarily by the Company s U.S. operations. Sales to domestic customers comprised approximately 61 , 61 and 53 of the Company s net revenues in fiscal 2019, 2020 and 2021, respectively. In addition, the majority of the Company s operating costs are incurred in the U.S., as all of its manufacturing facilities are located in the U.S. It is expected that net revenues will continue to be highly dependent on the Company s domestic sales and manufacturing facilities in the U.S. The Company s foreign and export sales were approximately 189.5 million, 149.8 million and 158.6 million for fiscal 2019, 2020 and 2021, respectively. Additional information concerning foreign operations and export sales is set forth in Note 14 to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 47 

Table of Contents 
 Quarterly Market Information 

Quarter Ended Quarter Ended December 31, March 31, June 30, September 30, December 31, March 31, June 30, September 30, 2019 2020 2020 2020 2020 2021 2021 2021 Net revenues (in thousands) Aerospace 58,843 59,172 40,375 33,590 24,555 30,601 33,950 38,966 Chemical processing 16,712 15,832 12,143 18,483 15,256 15,068 17,010 15,813 Industrial gas turbine 13,763 16,701 13,673 12,439 13,967 16,436 17,835 18,534 Other markets 11,875 12,762 11,203 9,259 12,779 15,546 13,709 16,056 Total product revenue 101,193 104,467 77,394 73,771 66,557 77,651 82,504 89,369 Other revenue 7,260 7,096 3,182 6,167 5,620 4,412 5,639 5,909 Net revenues 108,453 111,563 80,576 79,938 72,177 82,063 88,143 95,278 Shipments by markets (in thousands of pounds) Aerospace 2,303 2,261 1,523 1,142 904 1,177 1,354 1,528 Chemical processing 788 689 578 789 601 682 814 722 Industrial gas turbine 825 990 768 752 798 1,064 1,147 1,178 Other markets 306 386 302 264 489 599 415 538 Total shipments 4,222 4,326 3,171 2,947 2,792 3,522 3,730 3,966 Average selling price per pound Aerospace 25.55 26.17 26.51 29.41 27.16 26.00 25.07 25.50 Chemical processing 21.21 22.98 21.01 23.43 25.38 22.09 20.90 21.90 Industrial gas turbine 16.68 16.87 17.80 16.54 17.50 15.45 15.55 15.73 Other markets 38.81 33.06 37.10 35.07 26.13 25.95 33.03 29.84 Total average selling price (product only; excluding other revenue) 23.97 24.15 24.41 25.03 23.84 22.05 22.12 22.53 Total average selling price (including other revenue) 25.69 25.79 25.41 27.13 25.85 23.30 23.63 24.02 Results of Operations This section of this Form 10-K generally discusses 2021 and 2020 items and year-to-year comparisons between 2021 and 2020. For discussion related to 2019 items and year-to-year comparisons between 2020 and 2019 that are not included in this Form 10-K, please refer to Part II, Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in our 2020 Form 10-K, filed with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission on November 19, 2020. 
 48 

Table of Contents 
 Year Ended September 30, 2021 Compared to Year Ended September 30, 2020 in thousands, except per share figures) 

Year Ended September 30, Change 2020 2021 Amount Net revenues 380,530 100.0 337,661 100.0 (42,869) (11.3) Cost of sales 335,898 88.3 297,931 88.2 (37,967) (11.3) Gross profit 44,632 11.7 39,730 11.8 (4,902) (11.0) Selling, general and administrative expense 40,307 10.6 43,470 12.9 3,163 7.8 Research and technical expense 3,713 1.0 3,403 1.0 (310) (8.3) Operating income (loss) 612 0.2 (7,143) (2.1) (7,755) (1,267.2) Nonoperating retirement benefit expense 6,822 1.8 1,470 0.4 (5,352) (78.5) Interest income (44) (0.0) (16) (0.0) 28 (63.6) Interest expense 1,332 0.4 1,186 0.4 (146) (11.0) Income (loss) before income taxes (7,498) (2.0) (9,783) (2.9) (2,285) 30.5 Provision for (benefit from) income taxes (1,020) (0.3) (1,100) (0.3) (80) 7.8 Net income (loss) (6,478) (1.7) (8,683) (2.6) (2,205) 34.0 Net income (loss) per share: Basic (0.53) (0.71) Diluted (0.53) (0.71) Weighted average shares outstanding: Basic 12,470,664 12,499,609 Diluted 12,470,664 12,499,609 
 49 

Table of Contents 
 The following table includes a breakdown of net revenues, shipments and average selling prices to the markets served by the Company for the periods shown. By market 

Year Ended September 30, Change 2020 2021 Amount Net revenues (dollars in thousands) Aerospace 191,980 128,072 (63,908) (33.3) Chemical processing 63,170 63,147 (23) Industrial gas turbine 56,576 66,772 10,196 18.0 Other markets 45,099 58,090 12,991 28.8 Total product revenue 356,825 316,081 (40,744) (11.4) Other revenue 23,705 21,580 (2,125) (9.0) Net revenues 380,530 337,661 (42,869) (11.3) Pounds by market (in thousands) Aerospace 7,229 4,963 (2,266) (31.3) Chemical processing 2,844 2,819 (25) (0.9) Industrial gas turbine 3,335 4,187 852 25.5 Other markets 1,258 2,041 783 62.2 Total shipments 14,666 14,010 (656) (4.5) Average selling price per pound Aerospace 26.56 25.81 (0.75) (2.8) Chemical processing 22.21 22.40 0.19 0.9 Industrial gas turbine 16.96 15.95 (1.01) (6.0) Other markets 35.85 28.46 (7.39) (20.6) Total product (excluding other revenue) 24.33 22.56 (1.77) (7.3) Total average selling price (including other revenue) 25.95 24.10 (1.85) (7.1) Net Revenues. Net revenues were 337.7 million in fiscal 2021, a decrease of 11.3 from 380.5 million in fiscal 2020. Volume was 14.0 million pounds in fiscal 2021, a decrease of 4.5 from 14.7 million pounds in fiscal 2020, with decreases in aerospace and chemical processing, partially offset by increases in industrial gas turbine and other markets. The decrease in volume is primarily caused by COVID-19 and issues in the aerospace supply chain due to the 737 MAX, partially offset by increased volumes in the industrial gas turbine and flue gas desulphurization markets. The product average selling price was 22.56 per pound in fiscal 2021, a decrease of 7.3 , or 1.77, from 24.33 per pound in fiscal 2020. The product average selling price per pound decreased as a result of a lower-value product mix and other pricing considerations (such as customer mix, timing of customer agreement adjustors, etc.) as compared to fiscal 2020, which decreased the product average selling price per pound by approximately 3.02, partially offset by higher raw material market prices, which increased average selling price per pound by approximately 1.25. Sales to the aerospace market were 128.1 million in fiscal 2021, a decrease of 33.3 from 192.0 million in fiscal 2020, due to a 31.3 decrease in volume coupled with a 2.8 decrease in average selling price per pound. The decrease in volume was due to the impact of COVID-19 on the aerospace market and the reduced demand in the supply chain for the Boeing 737 MAX. The lower average selling price per pound shipped reflects a lower-value product mix, increased competition and other pricing factors, which decreased average selling price per pound by 1.89, partially offset by higher raw material market prices, which increased average selling price per pound by approximately 1.14. Sales to the chemical processing market were 63.1 million in fiscal 2021, relatively flat with sales of 63.2 million in fiscal 2020 on comparable volumes and average selling price per pound. The average selling price per pound reflects an increase in raw material market prices, which increased average selling price per pound by approximately 1.48, partially offset by a lower-value product mix and increased competition and other pricing factors, which decreased average selling price per pound by approximately 1.29. 
 50 

Table of Contents 
 Sales to the industrial gas turbine market were 66.8 million in fiscal 2021, an increase of 18.0 from 56.6 million in fiscal 2020, due to an increase in volume of 25.5 , partially offset by a decrease in average selling price per pound of 6.0 , or 1.01. The increase in volume is primarily attributable to the impact of the Company s share gain initiative. The decrease in average selling price per pound primarily reflects lower pricing due to competition and other factors combined with a lower-value product mix, which decreased average selling price per pound by approximately 2.23, partially offset by higher raw material market prices, which increased the average selling price per pound by approximately 1.22. Sales to other markets were 58.1 million in fiscal 2021, an increase of 28.8 from 45.1 million in fiscal 2020, due to a 62.2 increase in volume, partially offset by a 20.6 , or 7.39, decrease in average selling price per pound. The increase in volume was primarily due to an increase in sales to the flue-gas desulfurization market. The decrease in average selling price reflects a lower-value product mix, increased competition and other factors, which decreased average selling price per pound by approximately 8.64, partially offset by higher raw material market prices, which increased average selling price per pound by approximately 1.25. Other Revenue. Other revenue was 21.6 million in fiscal 2021, a decrease of 9.0 from 23.7 million in fiscal 2020. The decrease in other revenue is primarily attributable to decreased toll conversion services. Cost of Sales. Cost of sales was 297.9 million, or 88.2 of net revenues, in fiscal 2021 compared to 335.9 million, or 88.3 of net revenues, in fiscal 2020. This decrease was primarily due to lower volumes sold combined with continued traction in the Company s cost reduction initiatives, partially offset by lower fixed-cost absorption. Gross Profit. As a result of the above factors, gross profit was 39.7 million in fiscal 2021, a decrease of 4.9 million from 44.6 million in fiscal 2020. Gross profit as a percentage of net revenue increased to 11.8 in fiscal 2021 as compared to 11.7 in fiscal 2020 despite shipped volumes decreasing by 4.5 , reflecting the continued traction of the Company s cost reduction initiatives and pricing initiatives. Selling, General and Administrative Expense. Selling, general and administrative expense was 43.5 million for fiscal 2021, an increase of 3.2 million, or 7.8 , from 40.3 million in fiscal 2020. This increase is primarily attributable to higher incentive compensation expenses, which were partially offset by significant cost-saving measures taken as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, including headcount reductions and other measures. Selling, general and administrative expense as a percentage of net revenues increased to 12.9 in fiscal 2021 compared to 10.6 in fiscal 2020. Research and Technical Expense. Research and technical expense was 3.4 million, or 1.0 of net revenues, for fiscal 2021, compared to 3.7 million, or 1.0 of net revenues, in fiscal 2020. Operating Income/(Loss). As a result of the above factors, operating loss in fiscal 2021 was (7.1) million, compared to operating income of 0.6 million in fiscal 2020. Nonoperating retirement benefit expense. Nonoperating retirement benefit expense was 1.5 million in fiscal 2021, compared to 6.8 million in fiscal 2020. The decrease in expense was primarily driven by favorable retiree health care spending and higher than expected return on plan assets in the September 30, 2020 valuation. Income Taxes. Income tax benefit was 1.1 million during fiscal 2021, a difference of 0.1 million from a benefit of 1.0 million in the same period of fiscal 2020, driven by a tax rate change in the United Kingdom that resulted in an increase to deferred tax expense of 0.4 million, partially offset by an increase in loss before taxes of 2.3 million, which resulted in a higher tax benefit. Net Income/(Loss). As a result of the above factors, net loss for fiscal 2021 was (8.7) million, a change of 2.2 million from net loss of (6.5) million in fiscal 2020. 
 51 

Table of Contents 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources Comparative cash flow analysis (2020 to 2021) The Company had cash and cash equivalents of 47.7 million at September 30, 2021, inclusive of 17.3 million that was held by foreign subsidiaries in various currencies, compared to 47.2 million at September 30, 2020. Additionally, there were zero borrowings against the line of credit outstanding as of September 30, 2021. The Company has access to a total of 100 million of availability on the line of credit, subject to a borrowing base formula and certain reserves. During fiscal 2021, the Company s primary sources of cash were cash on-hand and cash from operations as detailed below. Net cash provided by operating activities was 23.3 million in fiscal 2021 compared to net cash provided by operating activities of 36.2 million in fiscal 2020, a decrease of 12.9 million. The decrease was primarily driven by increases in accounts receivable of 6.2 million in fiscal 2021 compared to decreases in accounts receivable of 26.7 million during fiscal 2020, increases in inventory of 0.8 million in fiscal 2021 compared to decreases in inventory of 15.3 million during fiscal 2020 and increases in other assets of 4.9 million in fiscal 2021 as compared to decreases in other assets of 0.6 million during fiscal 2020 as well as a net loss of (8.7) million in fiscal 2021 as compared to net loss of (6.5) million in fiscal 2020. In addition, changes in accrued pension and postretirement benefits reflect the lump-sum payment of 15.0 million into the U.S. pension plan in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2021. These changes were partially offset by increases in accounts payable of 33.9 million in fiscal 2021 as compared to a decrease in accounts payable of 21.2 million during fiscal 2020. Net cash used in investing activities was 5.9 million in fiscal 2021, which was lower than cash used in investing activities during the same period of fiscal 2020 of 9.4 million, driven by lower additions to property, plant and equipment. Net cash used in financing activities was 17.4 million in fiscal 2021, which was greater than cash used in financing activities during fiscal 2020 of 11.1 million, primarily as a result of purchases of treasury stock of 5.0 million in fiscal 2021 as compared to 0.2 million in fiscal 2020 and payment for debt issuance costs of 1.0 million in fiscal 2021 as compared to 0.0 million in fiscal 2020. Dividends paid of 11.2 million in fiscal 2021 were comparable to the prior year. U.S. revolving credit facility On October 19, 2020, the Company and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. entered into a Credit Agreement (the Credit Agreement and related Pledge and Security Agreement with certain other lenders (the Security Agreement , and, together with the Credit Agreement, the Credit Documents ). The Credit Documents, which have a three-year term expiring in October 2023, replaced the Third Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement and related agreements, dated as of July 14, 2011, as amended, previously entered into between the Company, Wells Fargo Capital Finance, LLC and certain other lenders. The Credit Agreement provides for revolving loans in the maximum amount of 100.0 million, subject to a borrowing base and certain reserves. The Credit Agreement permits an increase in the maximum revolving loan amount from 100.0 million up to an aggregate amount of 170.0 million at the request of the borrower if certain conditions are met. Borrowings under the Credit Agreement bear interest, at the Company s option, at either JPMorgan s prime rate , plus 1.25 - 1.75 per annum, or the adjusted Eurodollar rate used by the lender, plus 2.25 - 2.75 per annum (with a LIBOR floor of 0.5 ). Effective October 25, 2021, the Credit Agreement will replace LIBOR with SOFR as the financial services industry and market participants are transitioning away from interbank offering rates. As of September 30, 2021, the Credit Agreement had a zero balance. As of the same date, management believes the Company was in compliance with all applicable financial covenants under the Credit Agreement. The Company must pay monthly, in arrears, a commitment fee of 0.425 per annum on the unused amount of the U.S. revolving credit facility total commitment. For letters of credit, the Company must pay a fronting fee of 0.125 per annum as well as customary fees for issuance, amendments and processing. The Company is subject to certain covenants as to fixed charge coverage ratios and other customary covenants, including covenants restricting the incurrence of indebtedness, the granting of liens and the sale of assets. The covenant pertaining to fixed charge coverage ratios is only effective in the event the amount of excess availability under the revolver 
 52 

Table of Contents 
 is less than the greater of (i) 12.5 of the maximum credit revolving loan amount and (ii) 12.5 million. The Company is permitted to pay dividends and repurchase common stock if certain financial metrics are met. The Company may pay quarterly cash dividends up to 3.5 million per fiscal quarter so long as the Company is not in default under the Credit Documents. As of September 30, 2021, the most recent required measurement date under the Credit Agreement, management believes the Company was in compliance with all applicable financial covenants under the Credit Agreement. The Company currently believes it is not at material risk of not meeting its financial covenants over the next twelve months. Borrowings under the Credit Agreement are collateralized by a pledge of substantially all of the U.S. assets of the Company, including the equity interests in its U.S. subsidiaries, but excluding the four-high Steckel rolling mill and related assets, which are pledged to Titanium Metals Corporation TIMET to secure the performance of the Company s obligations under a Conversion Services Agreement with TIMET (see discussion of TIMET at Note 16 in the Company s Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K). Borrowings under the Credit Documents are also secured by a pledge of a 100 equity interest in each of the Company s direct foreign subsidiaries. Future sources of liquidity The Company s sources of liquidity for the next twelve months are expected to consist primarily of cash generated from operations, cash on-hand and, if needed, borrowings under the U.S. revolving credit facility. At September 30, 2021, the Company had cash of 47.7 million, an outstanding balance of zero on the U.S. revolving credit facility (described above) and access to a total of approximately 100.0 million, subject to a borrowing base formula and certain reserves. Management believes that the resources described above will be sufficient to fund planned capital expenditures, any regular quarterly dividends declared and working capital requirements over the next twelve months. The Company s primary uses of cash over the next twelve months are expected to consist of expenditures related to: Funding operations; Capital spending; Dividends to stockholders Repurchases of Company s stock; and Pension and postretirement plan contributions. 
 Capital investment in fiscal 2021 was 5.9 million, and the plan for capital spending in fiscal 2022 is 17.7 million. 
 53 

Table of Contents 
 Share Repurchase Program On July 28, 2021, the Board of Directors authorized the use of up to 20 million to purchase shares of the Company s common stock through July 27, 2022. The Board adopted the repurchase plan because it believes that repurchasing the Company s stock at current market prices presents an attractive capital allocation strategy for the Company given the available options for the use of capital. In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2021, the Company repurchased 112,978 shares with an aggregate purchase price of 4.2 million, under this authorization. As of September 30, 2021, there was 15.8 million remaining under the July 2021 authorization that is available to be used in the share repurchase program. The share repurchase plan may be suspended, modified or discontinued at any time, and the Company has no obligation to repurchase any amount of its common stock under the plan. Contractual Obligations The following table sets forth the Company s contractual obligations for the periods indicated, as of September 30, 2021: 

Payments Due by Period Less than More than Contractual Obligations Total 1 year 1-3 Years 3-5 Years 5 years (in thousands) Credit facility fees (1) 884 431 453 Operating lease obligations (2) 3,663 2,077 1,436 150 Finance lease obligations 14,607 1,012 2,056 2,081 9,458 Raw material contracts (primarily nickel) 31,036 31,036 Capital projects and other commitments 7,753 7,753 Pension plan (3) 26,663 6,000 12,000 8,663 Non-qualified pension plans 622 95 190 190 147 Other postretirement benefits (4) 82,964 3,459 6,817 6,234 66,454 Environmental post-closure monitoring 566 71 163 144 188 Total 168,758 51,934 23,115 17,462 76,247 

 (1) As of September 30, 2021, the revolver balance was zero, therefore no interest is due. However, the Company is obligated to the Bank for unused line fees and quarterly management fees. (2) Represents payments for all operating lease obligations, including short term lease obligations. (3) The Company has a funding obligation to contribute 26,663 to the domestic pension plan. These payments will be tax deductible. All benefit payments under the domestic pension plan will come from the plan and not the Company. (4) Represents expected other postretirement benefits based upon anticipated timing of payments. 
 Inflation or Deflation The Company may be favorably or unfavorably impacted by inflation or deflation, resulting in a material impact on its operating results. The Company attempts to pass onto customers both increases in consumable costs and material costs because of the value-added contribution the material makes to the final product, however, the Company may not be able to successfully offset a rapid increase in raw material costs adjustments to customer selling prices. In the event of raw material price declines, the Company s customers may delay order placement, resulting in lower volumes. In the event of raw material price increases that the Company is unable to pass on to its customers, the Company s cash flows or results of operations could be materially adversely affected. 
 54 

Table of Contents 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates Overview Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations discusses the Company s consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. The preparation of these financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. On an ongoing basis, management evaluates its estimates and judgments, including those related to bad debts, inventories, income taxes, asset impairments, retirement benefits, matters related to product liability and other lawsuits and environmental matters. The process of determining significant estimates is fact specific and takes into account factors such as historical experience, current and expected economic conditions, product mix, pension asset mix and, in some cases, actuarial techniques and various other factors that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. The results of this process form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. The Company routinely reevaluates these significant factors and makes adjustments where facts and circumstances dictate. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. The Company s accounting policies are more fully described in Note 2 in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The Company has identified certain critical accounting policies, which are described below. The following listing of policies is not intended to be a comprehensive list of all of the Company s accounting policies. In many cases, the accounting treatment of a particular transaction is specifically dictated by generally accepted accounting principles, with no need for management s judgment in their application. There are also areas in which management s judgment in selecting any available alternative would not produce a materially different result. Revenue Recognition The Company recognizes revenue when performance obligations under the terms of customer contracts are satisfied which occurs when control of the goods has been transferred to the customer and services have been performed. Allowances for sales returns are recorded as a component of net sales in the periods in which the related sales are recognized. The Company determines this allowance based on historical experience. Additionally, the Company recognizes revenue attributable to an up-front fee received from Titanium Metals Corporation TIMET as a result of a twenty-year agreement, entered into on November 17, 2006 to provide conversion services to TIMET. See Note 16 Deferred Revenue for a description of accounting treatment relating to this up-front fee. Pension and Postretirement Benefits The Company has defined benefit pension and postretirement plans covering most of its current and former employees. Significant elements in determining the assets or liabilities and related income or expense for these plans are the expected return on plan assets (if any), the discount rate used to value future payment streams, expected trends in health care costs and other actuarial assumptions. Annually, the Company evaluates the significant assumptions to be used to value its pension and postretirement plan assets and liabilities based on current market conditions and expectations of future costs. If actual results are less favorable than those projected by management, additional expense may be required in future periods. The selection of the U.S. pension plan s (the Plan) assumption for the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets is based upon the Plan s target allocation. The return on assets is based on fair value of the plan assets and their investment allocation at the beginning of the fiscal year. The Company also realizes that historical performance is no guarantee of future performance. In the short term, substantial decreases in plan assets will result in higher plan funding contribution levels and higher pension expenses. A decrease of 25 basis points in the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets would result 
 55 

Table of Contents 
 in an increase in annual pension expense of about 0.7 million. To the extent that the actual return on plan assets during the year exceeds or falls short of the assumed long-term rate of return, an asset gain or loss is created. For funding purposes, gains and losses are generally amortized over a 6-year period. Decreases in discount rates used to value future payment streams will result in higher liabilities for pension and postretirement plans. A decrease of 25 basis points would result in 9.6 million higher liability for the U.S. pension plan and 3.5 million higher liability for the postretirement plan. This increase in liability would also increase the accumulated other comprehensive loss that would be amortized as higher pension and postretirement expense over an amortization period of approximately 6.0 and 10.0 years, respectively. Salaried employees hired after December 31, 2005 and hourly employees hired after June 30, 2007 are not covered by the pension plan; however, they are eligible for an enhanced matching program of the defined contribution plan (401(k)). Effective December 31, 2007, the U.S. pension plan was amended to freeze benefits for all non-union employees in the U.S. Effective September 30, 2009, the U.K. pension plan was amended to freeze benefits for employees in the plan. Impairment of Long-lived Assets The Company reviews long-lived assets for impairment whenever events or circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. Recoverability of long-lived assets to be held and used is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of the asset to the undiscounted future cash flows expected to be generated by the asset. If the carrying amount of an asset exceeds its estimated future cash flows, an impairment charge is recognized in the amount by which the carrying amount exceeds the fair value of the asset. Income Taxes The Company accounts for deferred tax assets and liabilities using enacted tax rates for the effect of temporary differences between book and tax basis of recorded assets and liabilities. A valuation allowance is required if it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The determination of whether or not a valuation allowance is needed is based upon an evaluation of both positive and negative evidence. In its evaluation of the need for a valuation allowance, the Company assesses prudent and feasible tax planning strategies. The ultimate amount of deferred tax assets realized could be different from those recorded, as influenced by potential changes in enacted tax laws and the availability of future taxable income. For the three years ended September 30, 2021, the Company recognized a cumulative loss before income taxes for the U.S. jurisdiction of 20.5 million. A valuation allowance was not recorded against the U.S. jurisdiction s net deferred tax assets based on management s evaluation of the positive and negative evidence, including expected future taxable income. Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements See Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for information regarding New Accounting Standards . 
 56 

Table of Contents 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Ris k Market risk is the potential loss arising from adverse changes in market rates and prices. The Company is exposed to various market risks, including changes in interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates, the price of raw materials, particularly nickel and cobalt, as well as the costs of supplies. Changes in interest rates affect the Company s interest expense on variable rate debt. All of the Company s revolver availability was at a variable rate at September 30, 2020 and 2021. The Company s outstanding variable rate debt was zero at September 30, 2020 and 2021. The Company has not entered into any derivative instruments to hedge the effects of changes in interest rates. The foreign currency exchange risk exists primarily because the Company s foreign subsidiaries maintain receivables and payables denominated in currencies other than their functional currency. Foreign currency forward contracts are entered into as a means to partially offset the impact of cash transactions occurring at the foreign affiliates in currencies other than the entities functional currency. The U.S. operations transact their foreign sales in U.S. dollars, thereby avoiding fluctuations in foreign exchange rates. The Company is not party to any currency contracts as of September 30, 2021. Fluctuations in the price of nickel and cobalt, subject the Company to commodity price risk. The Company manages its exposure to this market risk through internally established policies and procedures, including negotiating raw material escalators within product sales agreements and continually monitoring and revising customer quote amounts to reflect the fluctuations in market prices for nickel. The Company does not presently use derivative instruments to manage this market risk but may in the future. The Company monitors its underlying market risk exposure from a rapid change in nickel prices on an ongoing basis and believes that it can modify or adapt its strategies as necessary. The Company periodically purchases raw material forward with certain suppliers. However, there is a risk that the Company may not be able to successfully offset a rapid increase or decrease in the cost of raw material in the future. 
 57 

Table of Contents 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Dat a HAYNES INTERNATIONAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Audited Consolidated Financial Statements of Haynes International, Inc. and Subsidiaries as of September 30, 2020 and 2021 and for the years ended September 30, 2019, September 30, 2020 and September 30, 2021 

Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 59 Consolidated Balance Sheets 62 Consolidated Statements of Operations 63 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) 64 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity 65 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 66 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 67 
 58 

Table of Contents 
 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Haynes International, Inc. Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Haynes International, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company as of September 30, 2021 and 2020, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income (loss), stockholders equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended September 30, 2021, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). We also have audited the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2021, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of September 30, 2021 and 2020, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended September 30, 2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also, in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2021, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by COSO. Basis for Opinions The Company s management is responsible for these financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements and an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audits of the financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures to respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management 
 59 

Table of Contents 
 and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Critical Audit Matter The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. Income Taxes Valuation Allowance Refer to Notes 2 and 7 to the financial statements Critical Audit Matter Description The Company accounts for deferred tax assets and liabilities using enacted tax rates for the effect of temporary differences between the book and tax basis of recorded assets and liabilities. A valuation allowance against net deferred tax assets is required if it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the net deferred tax assets will not be realized. The determination of whether or not a valuation allowance is needed is based upon an evaluation of both positive and negative evidence. For the three years ended September 30, 2021, the Company recognized a cumulative loss before income taxes for the U.S. jurisdiction of 20.5 million. A valuation allowance was not recorded against the U.S. jurisdiction s net deferred tax assets based on management s evaluation of the positive and negative evidence, including expected future taxable income. We identified the valuation of deferred tax assets as a critical audit matter because of the material net deferred tax assets and history of recorded losses before income taxes for the U.S. jurisdiction. These factors required a high degree of auditor judgment and an increased extent of effort, including the need to involve our income tax specialists, when performing audit procedures to evaluate the reasonableness of management s determination of whether it is more likely than not that the net deferred tax assets will be realized. How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit Our audit procedures to assess management s assertion that it is more likely than not that the net deferred tax assets will be realized included the following, among others: We tested the effectiveness of the control over the valuation of deferred tax assets, including management s projections of future taxable income and the determination of whether it is more likely than not that the deferred tax assets will be realized. With the assistance of our income tax specialists, we considered the appropriateness of the sources of projected future taxable income. We evaluated the reasonableness of management s estimates of projected future taxable income by comparing the estimates to historical losses generated by the U.S. jurisdiction which were adjusted for income and expenses that were not considered to be reflective of future earnings. We evaluated whether the projected future taxable income and identification of income and expenses used to 
 60 

Table of Contents 
 adjust historical losses were consistent with evidence obtained in other areas of the audit. /s/ Deloitte Touche LLP Indianapolis, IN November 18, 2021 We have served as the Company s auditor since fiscal year 1998. 
 61 

Table of Contents 
 HAYNES INTERNATIONAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET S (in thousands, except share and per share data) 

September 30, September 30, 2020 2021 ASSETS Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable, less allowance for doubtful accounts of and at September 30, 2020 and September 30, 2021, respectively Inventories Income taxes receivable Other current assets Total current assets Property, plant and equipment, net Deferred income taxes Other assets Goodwill Other intangible assets, net Total assets LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY Current liabilities: Accounts payable Accrued expenses Income taxes payable Accrued pension and postretirement benefits Deferred revenue current portion Total current liabilities Long-term obligations (less current portion) Deferred revenue (less current portion) Deferred income taxes Operating lease liabilities Accrued pension benefits (less current portion) Accrued postretirement benefits (less current portion) Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies Stockholders equity: Common stock, par value shares authorized, and shares issued and and shares outstanding at September 30, 2020 and September 30, 2021, respectively) Preferred stock, par value shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding) Additional paid-in capital Accumulated earnings Treasury stock, shares at September 30, 2020 and shares at September 30, 2021 ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Total stockholders equity Total liabilities and stockholders equity The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 62 

Table of Contents 
 HAYNES INTERNATIONAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATION S (in thousands, except per share data) 

Year Ended Year Ended Year Ended September 30, September 30, September 30, 2019 2020 2021 Net revenues Cost of sales Gross profit Selling, general and administrative expense Research and technical expense Operating income (loss) ) Nonoperating retirement benefit expense Interest income ) ) ) Interest expense Income (loss) before income taxes ) ) Provision for (benefit from) income taxes ) ) Net income (loss) ) ) Net income (loss) per share: Basic ) ) Diluted ) ) Weighted Average Common Shares Outstanding Basic Diluted Dividends declared per common share The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 63 

Table of Contents 
 HAYNES INTERNATIONAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS (in thousands) 

Year Ended Year Ended Year Ended September 30, September 30, September 30, 2019 2020 2021 Net income (loss) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax: Pension and postretirement ) Foreign currency translation adjustment ) Other comprehensive income (loss) ) Comprehensive income (loss) ) The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 64 

Table of Contents 
 HAYNES INTERNATIONAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUIT Y (in thousands, except share data) 

Accumulated Additional Other Total Common Stock Paid-in Accumulated Treasury Comprehensive Stockholders Shares Par Capital Earnings Stock Income (Loss) Equity Balance October 1, 2018 ) ) Net income (loss) Dividends paid per share) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Exercise of stock options Issue restricted stock (less forfeitures) Purchase of treasury stock ) ) ) Stock compensation Balance September 30, 2019 ) ) Net income (loss) ) ) Dividends paid per share) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) Exercise of stock options Reclass due to adoption of ASU 2018-02 ) Issue restricted stock (less forfeitures) Purchase of treasury stock ) ) ) Stock compensation Balance September 30, 2020 ) ) Net income (loss) ) ) Dividends paid and accrued per share) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) Issue restricted stock (less forfeitures) Purchase of treasury stock ) ) ) Stock compensation Balance September 30, 2021 ) ) The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 65 

Table of Contents 
 HAYNES INTERNATIONAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOW S (in thousands) 

Year Ended Year Ended Year Ended September 30, September 30, September 30, 2019 2020 2021 Cash flows from operating activities: Net income (loss) ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities: Depreciation Amortization Pension and post-retirement expense - U.S. and U.K. Change in long-term obligations Stock compensation expense Deferred revenue ) ) ) Deferred income taxes ) ) Loss on disposition of property Change in assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable ) ) Inventories ) Other assets ) ) Accounts payable and accrued expenses ) ) Income taxes ) Accrued pension and postretirement benefits ) ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: Additions to property, plant and equipment ) ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities ) ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Revolving credit facility borrowings Revolving credit facility repayments ) ) Dividends paid ) ) ) Proceeds from exercise of stock options Payment for purchase of treasury stock ) ) ) Payment for debt issuance cost ) Payments on long-term obligations ) ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities ) ) ) Effect of exchange rates on cash ) Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents: Cash and cash equivalents: Beginning of period End of period Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information: Interest (net of capitalized interest) Income taxes paid (refunded), net ) ) Capital expenditures incurred, but not yet paid Dividends declared but not yet paid The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 66 

Table of Contents 
 HAYNES INTERNATIONAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT S (in thousands, except share and per share data and as otherwise noted) 
 67 

Table of Contents 
 agreement entered into on November 17, 2006 to provide conversion services to TIMET. See Note 16, Deferred Revenue for a description of accounting treatment relating to this up-front fee. . The Company reviews customer relationships for impairment whenever events or circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. Recoverability of the assets is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of the asset to the undiscounted future cash flows expected to be generated by the asset. If the carrying amount of an asset exceeds its estimated future cash flows, an impairment charge is recognized in the amount by which the carrying amount exceeds the fair value of the asset. Goodwill and trademarks (indefinite lived) are tested for impairment at least annually as of January 31 for goodwill and August 31 for trademarks (the annual impairment testing dates), or more frequently if impairment indicators exist. If the carrying value of the trademarks exceeds the fair value (determined using an income approach, based upon a discounted cash flow of an assumed royalty rate), impairment of the trademark may exist resulting in a charge to earnings to the extent of the impairment. The impairment test for goodwill is performed by comparing the fair value of a reporting unit with its carrying amount and recognizing an impairment loss in the event that the carrying amount is greater than the fair value. Any goodwill impairment loss recognized would not exceed the total carrying amount of goodwill allocated to that reporting unit. impairment was recognized in the years ended September 30, 2019, 2020 or 2021 because the fair value exceeded the carrying values. During fiscal 2019, 2020 and 2021, there were changes in the carrying amount of goodwill. 
 68 

Table of Contents 
 , and for the years ended September 30, 2019, 2020 and 2021, respectively. The following represents a summary of intangible assets at September 30, 2020 and 2021: Customer relationships ) Other ) ) Gross Accumulated Carrying September 30, 2021 Amount Amortization Amount Trademarks Customer relationships ) Other ) ) 2023 2024 2025 2026 Thereafter years Machinery and equipment years Land improvements years Expenditures for maintenance and repairs and minor renewals are charged to expense; major renewals are capitalized. Upon retirement or sale of assets, the cost of the disposed assets and the related accumulated depreciation are removed from the accounts and any resulting gain or loss is credited or charged to operations. The Company records capitalized interest for long-term construction projects to capture the cost of capital committed prior to the placed in service date as a part of the historical cost of acquiring the asset. Interest is not capitalized when the balance on the revolver is zero. The Company reviews long-lived assets for impairment whenever events or circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. Recoverability of long-lived assets to be held and used is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of the asset to the undiscounted future cash flows expected to be generated by the asset. If the carrying amount of an asset exceeds its estimated future cash flows, an impairment charge is recognized in the amount by which the carrying amount exceeds the fair value of the asset. impairment was recognized during the years ended September 30, 2019, 2020 or 2021. 
 69 

Table of Contents 
 annually. Effective October 1, 2009, the U.S. postretirement plan was closed for all non-union employees. , and , respectively. 
 70 

Table of Contents 
 foreign currency exchange contracts outstanding. To date, all foreign currency contracts have been settled prior to the end of the month in which they were initiated. Financial instruments which potentially subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist of cash and cash equivalents and accounts receivable. At September 30, 2021, and periodically throughout the year, the Company has maintained cash balances in excess of federally insured limits. The carrying amounts of cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable and accounts payable approximate fair value because of the relatively short maturity of these instruments. During 2019, 2020 and 2021, the Company did not have sales to any group of affiliated customers that were greater than 10 of net revenues. The Company generally does not require collateral with the exception of letters of credit with certain foreign sales. Credit losses amounted to , and in fiscal 2019, 2020 and 2021, respectively, and were within management s expectations. The Company does not believe it is significantly vulnerable to the risk of near-term severe impact from business concentrations with respect to customers, suppliers, products, markets or geographic areas. 
 71 

Table of Contents 
 ) ) Dividends ) ) ) Undistributed income (loss) ) ) ) Percentage allocated to common shares (a) Undistributed income (loss) allocated to common shares ) ) ) Dividends paid on common shares outstanding Net income (loss) available to common shares ) ) Denominator: Basic and Diluted Weighted average common shares outstanding Adjustment for dilutive potential common shares Weighted average shares outstanding - Diluted Basic net income (loss) per share ) ) Diluted net income (loss) per share ) ) Number of stock option shares excluded as their effect would be anti-dilutive Number of restricted stock shares excluded as their effect would be anti-dilutive Number of deferred restricted stock shares excluded as their effect would be anti-dilutive Number of performance share awards excluded as their effect would be anti-dilutive (a) Percentage allocated to common shares - weighted average Common shares outstanding Unvested participating shares 
 72 

Table of Contents 
 of practical expedients included in this guidance which allowed it to not reassess: (i) whether any expired or existing contracts contain leases; (ii) the lease classification for any expired or existing leases; and, (iii) the initial direct costs for existing leases. The Company has elected the practical expedient to not separate lease components from non-lease components for all asset classes. The Company will recognize lease expense for operating leases in the consolidated statements of operations on a straight-line basis over the lease term. The Company also made a policy election to not recognize ROU asset and lease liabilities for short-term leases with an initial term of 12 months or less for all asset classes. Leases with the option to extend their term are reflected in the lease term when it is reasonably certain that the Company will exercise such options. The Company has expanded the disclosure of operating leases included in Note 20 Leases. In February 2018, the FASB issued ASU 2018-02, Income Statement Reporting Comprehensive Income (Topic 220) Reclassification of Certain Tax Effects from Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income , which allows a reclassification from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) to accumulated earnings for stranded tax effects resulting from the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. This update is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018. The Company adopted the provisions of this standard on October 1, 2019 which had an impact of increasing accumulated other comprehensive loss and increasing accumulated earnings by . In August 2018, the FASB issued ASU 2018-13, Fair Value Measurement (Topic 820) . This new guidance removes and modifies disclosure requirements on fair value statements. This update is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2019. The Company adopted this guidance on October 1, 2020. This guidance did not have a material impact on the disclosures in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-13, Financial Instruments Credit Losses (Topic 326) which introduced the expected credit losses methodology for the measurement of credit losses on financial assets measured at amortized cost basis, replacing the previous incurred loss methodology. The new current expected credit loss (CECL) methodology does not have a minimum threshold for recognition of impairment losses, and entities will need to measure expected credit losses on assets that have a low risk of loss. This update is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2019. The Company adopted this standard on October 1, 2020. This standard did not have a material impact on the Company s Consolidated Financial Statements. In March 2020, the FASB issued ASU 2020-04, Reference Rate Reform (Topic 848). This new update provides optional expedients to ease the potential burden of accounting for the effects of reference rate reform as it pertains to contracts, hedging relationships and other transactions affected by the discontinuation of the London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR or by another reference rate expected to be discontinued. These amendments are effective immediately and may be applied prospectively to modifications made or relationships entered into or evaluated on or before December 31, 2022. The Company is in the process of evaluating the impact of the pronouncement. 
 73 

Table of Contents 
 million pounds of titanium metal annually over a period which ends in fiscal 2027. The transaction price under this contract included a up-front fee as well as conversion service fees based upon the fulfillment of conversion services requested at the option of TIMET. The fee is allocated to the obligation to provide manufacturing capacity over time and, therefore, is recognized in income on a straight-line basis over the 20-year term of that agreement. The fees for conversion services are based on quantity of service and are recognized as revenue at the time the service is performed. Transaction Price Each customer purchase order or contract sets forth the transaction price for the products and services purchased under that arrangement. Some customer arrangements may include variable consideration, such as volume rebates, which generally depend upon the Company s customers meeting specified performance criteria, such as a purchasing level over a period of time. The Company exercises judgment to estimate the most likely amount of variable consideration at each reporting date. Revenue is measured as the amount of consideration expected to be received in exchange for the transfer of goods or services to customers. Revenue is derived from product sales or conversion services, and is reported net of sales discounts, rebates, incentives, returns and other allowances offered to customers, if applicable. Payment terms vary from customer to customer depending upon credit worthiness, prior payment history and other credit considerations. Amounts billed to customers for shipping and handling activities to fulfill the Company s promise to transfer of the goods are included in revenues and costs incurred by the Company for the delivery of goods and are classified as cost of sales in the consolidated statements of operations. Shipping terms may vary for products shipped outside the United States depending on the mode of transportation, the country where the material is shipped and any agreements made with the customers. Contract Balances As of September 30, 2020 and September 30, 2021, accounts receivable with customers were and , respectively. Allowance for doubtful accounts as of September 30, 2020 and September 30, 2021 were and , respectively, and are presented within accounts receivable, less allowance for doubtful accounts on the consolidated balance sheet. Contract liabilities are recognized when the Company has received consideration from a customer to transfer goods or services at a future point in time when the Company performs under the purchase order or contract. As of September 30, 2020 and September 30, 2021, no contract liabilities have been recorded except for and , respectively, for the TIMET agreement and and for accrued product returns, respectively. Practical Expedients The Company has elected to use the practical expedient that permits the omission of disclosure for remaining performance obligations which are expected to be satisfied within year or less. Aside from the TIMET agreement, the Company does not have any remaining performance obligations in excess of one year or contracts that it does not have the 
 74 

Table of Contents 
 Chemical processing Industrial gas turbine Other markets Total product revenue Other revenue Net revenues See Note 14 for revenue disaggregated by geography and product group. Work-in-process Finished Goods Other Buildings and improvements Machinery and equipment Construction in process Less accumulated depreciation ) ) As of September 30, 2020 and 2021, the Company had and , respectively, of assets under a finance lease for equipment related to the service center operation in Shanghai, China. Additionally, the Company had and 
 75 

Table of Contents 
 of assets under finance leases for buildings at the LaPorte, Indiana service center as of September 30, 2020 and 2021, respectively . Taxes, other than income taxes Accrued product returns Utilities Professional fees Finance lease obligation, current Employee termination liabilities Management incentive compensation Other ) ) Foreign Total ) ) Provision for (benefit from) income taxes: Current: U.S. Federal ) ) Foreign State Total Deferred: U.S. Federal ) ) Foreign State ) ) Valuation allowance Total ) ) Total provision for (benefit from) income taxes ) ) 
 76 

Table of Contents 
 Tax provision for income taxes at the statutory rate ) ) Foreign tax rate differentials ) ) Provision for state taxes, net of federal taxes ) ) U.S. tax on distributed and undistributed earnings of foreign subsidiaries ) Tax credits ) ) ) Federal and state tax rate change impact on deferred tax asset ) Change in valuation allowance Stock compensation Other, net ) Provision for (benefit from) income taxes at effective tax rate ) ) Effective tax rate During fiscal 2019, the Company s effective tax rate was higher than the federal statutory rate primarily due to state income taxes, the global intangible low-tax income tax (GILTI) and the forfeiture of stock options, restricted stock and performance share awards that occurred during the year. During fiscal 2020, the Company s effective tax rate was lower than the federal statutory rate primarily due to an increased valuation allowance on tax credits that are not expected to be able to be utilized before they expire. During fiscal 2021, the Company s effective tax rate was lower than the federal statutory rate primarily due to an increase in the UK tax rate and decreases in the state tax rates and apportionment, both of which resulted in a decrease in net deferred tax assets. Deferred tax assets (liabilities) are comprised of the following: TIMET Agreement Inventories Accrued compensation and benefits Accrued expenses and other Tax attributes Other assets Valuation allowance ) ) Total deferred tax assets Deferred tax liabilities: Property, plant and equipment, net ) ) Intangible and other ) ) Other liabilities ) ) Total deferred tax liabilities ) ) Net deferred tax assets (liabilities) As of September 30, 2021, the Company had U.S. and state tax net operating loss carryforwards of and , respectively, tax credits of and foreign net operating loss carryforwards of . These U.S. losses may be carried forward indefinitely. The other tax attributes begin to expire in 2026, 2022, and 2024, respectively. The 
 77 

Table of Contents 
 and federal and state tax credits of because management does not believe that it is more likely than not that the amounts will be realized. Undistributed earnings of certain of the Company s foreign subsidiaries amounted to approximately at September 30, 2021. The Company considers most of those earnings reinvested indefinitely and, accordingly, aside from the one-time transition tax associated with the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, additional provision for U.S. income taxes has been provided. If such funds were to be repatriated, there could be minor currency gain/loss that would be subject to tax and any distribution could also be subject to applicable non-U.S. income and withholding taxes. As of September 30, 2021, the Company is open to examination in the U.S. for the 2017 through 2021 tax years and in various foreign jurisdictions from 2016 through 2021. The Company is also open to examination in various states in the U.S., none of which were individually material. As of September 30, 2020 and 2021, the Company had uncertain tax positions. term expiring in October 2023, replaced the Third Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement and related agreements, dated as of July 14, 2011, as amended, previously entered into between the Company and Wells Fargo Capital Finance, LLC with certain other lenders. As of September 30, 2021, the Credit Agreement had a balance. The Credit Agreement provides for revolving loans in the maximum amount of million, subject to a borrowing base and certain reserves. The Credit Agreement permits an increase in the maximum revolving loan amount from million up to an aggregate amount of million at the request of the borrower if certain conditions are met. Borrowings under the Credit Agreement bear interest, at the Company s option, at either JPMorgan s prime rate , plus - per annum, or the adjusted Eurodollar rate used by the lender, plus - per annum (with a LIBOR floor of ). Effective October 25, 2021, the Credit Agreement will replace LIBOR with SOFR as the financial services industry and market participants are transitioning away from interbank offering rates. The Company must pay monthly, in arrears, a commitment fee of per annum on the unused amount of the U.S. revolving credit facility total commitment. For letters of credit, the Company must pay a fronting fee of per annum as well as customary fees for issuance, amendments and processing. The Company is subject to certain covenants as to fixed charge coverage ratios and other customary covenants, including covenants restricting the incurrence of indebtedness, the granting of liens and the sale of assets. The covenant pertaining to fixed charge coverage ratios is only effective in the event the amount of excess availability under the revolver is less than the greater of (i) of the maximum credit revolving loan amount and (ii) million. The Company is permitted to pay dividends and repurchase common stock if certain financial metrics are met. The Company may pay quarterly cash dividends up to million per fiscal quarter so long as the Company is not in default under the Credit Documents. Borrowings under the Credit Agreement are collateralized by a pledge of substantially all of the U.S. assets of the Company, including the equity interests in its U.S. subsidiaries, but excluding the four-high Steckel rolling mill and related assets, which are pledged to Titanium Metals Corporation TIMET to secure the performance of the Company s obligations under a Conversion Services Agreement with TIMET (see discussion of TIMET at Note 16). Borrowings under the Credit Agreement are also secured by a pledge of a equity interest in each of the Company s direct foreign subsidiaries. The Company s U.K. subsidiary (Haynes International Ltd.) has an overdraft facility of Pounds Sterling 
 78 

Table of Contents), all of which was available on September 30, 2021 . The Company s French subsidiary (Haynes International, S.A.R.L.) has an overdraft banking facility of Euro ), all of which was available on September 30, 2021 . The Company s Swiss subsidiary (Haynes International AG) has an overdraft banking facility of Swiss Francs ), all of which was available on September 30, 2021. of an employee s contribution to the plan up to a maximum contribution of of the employee s salary, except for all salaried employees and certain hourly employees (those hired after June 30, 2007 that are not eligible for the U.S. pension plan). The Company contributes an amount equal to of an employee s contribution to the plan up to a maximum contribution of of the employee s salary for these groups. Expenses associated with this plan for the years ended September 30, 2019, 2020 and 2021 totaled , and , respectively. The Company sponsors certain profit sharing plans for the benefit of employees meeting certain eligibility requirements. There were contributions to these plans for the years ended September 30, 2019, 2020 and 2021. Defined Benefit Plans The Company has non-contributory defined benefit pension plans which cover certain employees in the U.S. and the U.K. Benefits provided under the Company s U.S. defined benefit pension plan are based on years of service and the employee s final compensation. The Company s funding policy is to contribute annually an amount deductible for federal income tax purposes based upon an actuarial cost method using actuarial and economic assumptions designed to achieve adequate funding of benefit obligations. In fiscal 2021, the Company accelerated funding as part of its capital allocation strategy and plans to continue to accelerate funding in fiscal 2022 and possibly in fiscal 2023 if needed as it strives to achieve a zero net liability. The Company has non-qualified pensions for a few former executives of the Company. Non-qualified pension plan expense for the years ended September 30, 2019, 2020 and 2021 was , and , respectively. Accrued liabilities in the amount of and for these benefits are included in accrued pension and postretirement benefits liability at September 30, 2020 and 2021, respectively. In addition to providing pension benefits, the Company provides certain health care and life insurance benefits for retired employees. Certain employees, depending on date of hire, become eligible for health care, and substantially all employees become eligible for life insurance, if they reach normal retirement age while working for the Company. The Company s liability related to total retiree health care costs is limited to annually. The Company made contributions of , , and to fund its domestic Company-sponsored pension plan for the years ended September 30, 2019, 2020 and 2021, respectively. The Company s U.K. subsidiary made contributions of , and for the years ended September 30, 2019, 2020 and 2021, respectively, to the U.K. pension plan. 
 79 

Table of Contents 
 Service cost Interest cost Actuarial (gains) losses ) ) ) Benefits paid ) ) ) ) Administrative expenses ) ) Projected benefit obligation at end of year Change in Plan Assets: Fair value of plan assets at beginning of year Actual return on assets Employer contributions Benefits paid ) ) ) ) Administrative expenses ) ) Fair value of plan assets at end of year Funded Status of Plan: Unfunded status ) ) ) ) The actuarial loss incurred during the fiscal year ended September 30, 2020 for the Defined Benefit Pension Plan was primarily driven from a decrease in the discount rate applied against future expected benefit payments which resulted in an increase in the defined benefit obligation. The actuarial gain incurred during the fiscal year ended September 30, 2021 for the Defined Benefit Pension Plan was driven by higher returns on pension assets than were expected and an increase in the discount rate which resulted in an increase in pension assets and a decrease in the defined benefit obligation. Conversely, the actuarial gains incurred during the fiscal year ended September 30, 2020 and 2021 for the Postretirement Health Care Plan was primarily driven by reductions in healthcare costs incurred over the past three years. Amounts recognized in the consolidated balance sheets are as follows: ) ) ) ) ) Non - current ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Accrued pension and postretirement benefits ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive loss: Net loss ) Prior service cost Total accumulated other comprehensive loss ) The non-current portion of the defined benefit pension plan portion of accrued pension and postretirement benefits amounts to and in fiscal 2020 and 2021, respectively. These amounts include the UK pension plan net pension asset of and , respectively, which is included in Other assets on the consolidated balance sheets as well as the US pension plan accrued pension liability of and , respectively, which are recorded in accrued pension benefit (less current portion) on the consolidated balance sheet. 
 80 

Table of Contents 
 and at September 30, 2020 and 2021, respectively. The cost of the Company s postretirement benefits is accrued over the years that employees provide service to the date of their full eligibility for such benefits. The Company s policy is to fund the cost of claims on an annual basis. The components of net periodic pension cost and postretirement health care benefit cost are as follows: Interest cost Expected return on assets ) ) ) Amortization of prior service cost Recognized actuarial loss Net periodic cost Postretirement Health Care Benefits Year Ended September 30, 2019 2020 2021 Service cost Interest cost Recognized actuarial loss Net periodic cost Assumptions A annual rate of increase for the costs of covered health care benefits for ages under and a annual rate of increase for ages over were assumed for 2020 and 2021 and remained at for the under and over age groups in the years thereafter. The actuarial present value of the projected pension benefit obligation and postretirement health care benefit obligation for the plans at September 30, 2020 and 2021 were determined based on the following assumptions: Discount rate (U.S. pension plan) Discount rate (U.K. pension plan) Rate of compensation increase (U.S. pension plan only) 
 81 

Table of Contents 
 The net periodic pension and postretirement health care benefit costs for the plans were determined using the following assumptions: Discount rate (U.S. pension plan) Discount rate (U.K. pension plan) Expected return on plan assets (U.S. pension plan) Expected return on plan assets (U.K. pension plan) Rate of compensation increase (U.S. pension plan only) Plan Assets and Investment Strategy The Company s pension plan assets by level within the fair value hierarchy at September 30, 2020 and 2021, are presented in the table below. The pension plan assets were accounted for at fair value. A financial instrument s categorization within the valuation hierarchy is based upon the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. Investments in U.S and International equities, and Fixed Income are held in mutual funds and common / collective funds which are valued using net asset value (NAV) provided by the administrator of the fund, and individual fixed income securities which consists of Level 1 and Level 2 assets. During fiscal 2021, the Company transitioned its investment in fixed income securities out of common collective funds to a diversified portfolio of bonds that more closely match the duration and risk of the projected benefit obligation. As of September 30, 2021, the fixed income portfolio consisted of issuances of fixed income securities from issuers. For more information on a description of the fair value hierarchy, see Note 17. Common /collective funds Bonds U.S. common stock International equity Total U.S. U.K. Plan Assets: Equities Bonds Other Total U.K. Total pension plan assets 
 82 

Table of Contents 
 U.S. common stock mutual funds Common /collective funds U.S. common stock International equity Total U.S. U.K. Plan Assets: Equities Bonds Other Total U.K. Total pension plan assets The primary financial objectives of the plans are to minimize cash contributions over the long term and preserve capital while maintaining a high degree of liquidity. A secondary financial objective is, where possible, to avoid significant downside risk in the short run. The objective is based on a long-term investment horizon so that interim fluctuations should be viewed with appropriate perspective. It is the policy of the U.S. pension plan to invest assets with an allocation to equities as shown below based on a matrix which determines the allocation between equities and fixed income based on the funding percentage of the plan. The balance of the assets is maintained in fixed income investments, and in cash holdings, to the extent permitted by the plan documents. Target asset classes as a percent of total assets as of September 30, 2021: Fixed Income Real Estate and Other 

 (1) The Company adjusts the target allocation based on the fair value of pension assets as a percentage of the projected pension obligation. In October 2021, the Company adjusted the target allocation to equity assets of and fixed income assets of . As a result of this change in allocation, the Company anticipates an expected long-term rate of return on plan assets of 
 In choosing the assumption for the expected long-term rate of return on U.S. pension plan assets, the Company takes into account the plan s target asset allocation as well as capital market assumptions relating to the asset classes. The Company believes that its assumption the long-term rate of return on plan assets is reasonable, and comparable to the asset return assumptions of other companies, given the target allocation of the plan assets. Note that over very long historical periods, the realized return on plan assets has met or exceeded the expected rate of return. Also note that in recognition of the variability of future market returns, it is reasonable to consider a modest range around the expected future return, and there exists the potential for the use of a lower, or higher, expected rates of return in the future. The U.K. pension plan assets follow a more conservative investment objective due to the higher funding status of the plan. 
 83 

Table of Contents 
 2023 2024 2025 2026 2027 - 2031 (in total) for post-closure monitoring and maintenance activities, of which is included in long-term obligations as it is not due within one year. Accruals for these costs are calculated by estimating the cost to monitor and maintain each post-closure site and multiplying that amount by the number of years remaining in the post-closure monitoring. 
 84 

Table of Contents 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 and thereafter , and , respectively. Treasury Stock Treasury stock activity for fiscal years 2019, 2020 and 2021 are as follows: Repurchases of common stock to satisfy employee payroll taxes Repurchases of common stock from share repurchase plan Number of shares at end of year Share Repurchase Plan On July 28, 2021, the Board of Directors authorized the use of up to million of available cash to purchase shares of the Company s common stock through July 27, 2022. The Board adopted the repurchase plan because it believes that repurchasing the Company s stock at current market prices presents an attractive capital allocation strategy for the Company given the available options for the use of capital. Under the share repurchase plan, the Company is authorized to repurchase outstanding shares of its common stock in the open market or in privately negotiated transactions pursuant to separate agreements with a broker. Under the first agreement, the timing and amount of share repurchases will be determined by a 10b5-1 trading plan, and the Company may purchase additional shares under the second agreement at management s discretion (subject to all applicable laws) based upon its evaluation of market conditions and other factors, in compliance with Rule 10b-18. In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2021, the Company repurchased shares with an aggregate purchase price of , excluding commissions of , under the 10b5-1 agreement. As of September 30, 2021, there is remaining under the July 2021 authorization that is available to be repurchased. The share repurchase plan may be suspended, modified or discontinued at any time, and the Company has no obligation to repurchase any amount of its common stock under the plan. The Company intends to make all repurchases and to administer the plan in accordance with applicable laws and regulatory guidelines, including Rule 10b5-1 and Rule 10b-18 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. In addition to the above-mentioned share repurchase plan, the Company repurchased shares with an aggregate purchase price of in order to satisfy payroll taxes related to employee stock-based compensation plans. 
 85 

Table of Contents 
 shares of restricted stock, restricted stock units and performance shares may be granted in the aggregate under this plan. Following the adoption of the 2016 Incentive Compensation Plan, the Company ceased granting awards from the 2009 restricted stock plan, although awards remain outstanding thereunder. On January 24, 2020, the Company adopted the 2020 Incentive Compensation Plan which provides for grants of restricted stock, restricted stock units and performance shares, among other awards. Up to shares of restricted stock, restricted stock units and performance shares may be granted in the aggregate under this plan. Following the adoption of the 2020 Incentive Compensation Plan, the Company ceased granting awards from the 2016 Incentive Compensation Plan, although awards remain outstanding thereunder. Grants of restricted stock are comprised of shares of the Company s common stock subject to transfer restrictions, which vest in accordance with the terms and conditions established by the Compensation Committee. The Compensation Committee may set vesting requirements based on the achievement of specific performance goals or the passage of time. Employees earn and receive dividends from the restricted stock during this vesting period. Restricted shares are subject to forfeiture if employment or service terminates prior to the vesting date or if any applicable performance goals are not met. The Company will assess, on an ongoing basis, the probability of whether the performance criteria will be achieved. The Company will recognize compensation expense over the performance period if it is deemed probable that the goals will be achieved. The fair value of the Company s restricted stock is determined based upon the closing price of the Company s common stock on the trading day immediately preceding the grant date. The Company s plans provide for the adjustment of the number of shares covered by an outstanding grant and the maximum number of shares for which restricted stock may be granted in the event of a stock split, extraordinary dividend or distribution or similar recapitalization event. The shares of time-based restricted stock granted to employees vest on the third anniversary of their grant date if the recipient is still an employee of the Company on such date. The shares of restricted stock granted to non-employee directors will vest on the earlier of (a) the first anniversary of the date of grant or (b) the failure of such non-employee director to be re-elected at an annual meeting of the stockholders of the Company as a result of such non-employee director being excluded from the nominations for any reason other than cause. The following table summarizes the activity under the 2016 restricted stock plan and the 2020 Incentive Compensation Plan with respect to restricted stock for the year ended September 30, 2021: Granted Forfeited / Canceled ) Vested ) Unvested at September 30, 2021 Expected to vest Compensation expense related to restricted stock for the years ended September 30, 2019, 2020 and 2021 was , , and , respectively. The remaining unrecognized compensation expense related to restricted stock at September 30, 2021 was , to be recognized over a weighted average period of years. During fiscal 2021, the Company repurchased shares of stock from employees at an average purchase price of to satisfy required withholding taxes upon vesting of restricted stock-based compensation. 
 86 

Table of Contents 
 Granted Vested and deferred ) Unvested and deferred at September 30, 2021 Vested and deferred at September 30, 2021 Compensation expense related to deferred restricted stock for the year ended September 30, 2019, 2020 and 2021 was , and , respectively. The remaining unrecognized compensation expense related to restricted stock at September 30, 2021 was , to be recognized over a weighted average period of years. Performance Shares In November 2019, the Company granted to certain employees, target numbers of performance shares under the 2016 Incentive Compensation Plan. The number of performance shares that will ultimately be earned, as well as the number of shares that will be distributed in settling those earned performance shares, if any, will not be determined until the end of the performance period. Performance shares earned will depend on the calculated total shareholder return of the Company at the end of the period commencing from the beginning of the fiscal year in which the award was granted as compared to the total shareholder return of the Company s peer group, as defined by the Compensation Committee for this purpose. The fair value of the performance shares is estimated as of the date of the grant using a Monte Carlo simulation model. The following table summarizes the activity under the 2016 and 2020 Incentive Compensation Plans with respect to performance shares for the twelve months ended September 30, 2021. Granted Vested ) Unvested at September 30, 2021 Compensation expense related to the performance shares for the years ended September 30, 2019, 2020 and 2021 was , and , respectively. The remaining unrecognized compensation expense related to performance shares at September 30, 2021 was , to be recognized over a weighted average period of years. 
 87 

Table of Contents 
 . Following the adoption of the 2020 Incentive Compensation Plan, the Company ceased granting awards from its previous stock option plan, although awards remain outstanding from previous plans. Each plan provides for the adjustment of the maximum number of shares for which options may be granted in the event of a stock split, extraordinary dividend or distribution or similar recapitalization event. Unless the Compensation Committee determines otherwise, options are exercisable for a period of from the date of grant and vest 33 1 / 3 per year over from the grant date. The amount of compensation cost recognized in the financial statements is measured based upon the grant date fair value. The Company has elected to use the Black-Scholes option pricing model to estimate fair value, which incorporates various assumptions including volatility, expected life, risk-free interest rates and dividend yields. The volatility is based on historical volatility of the Company s common stock over the most recent period commensurate with the estimated expected term of the stock option granted. The Company uses historical volatility because management believes such volatility is representative of prospective trends. The expected term of an award is based on historical exercise data. The risk-free interest rate assumption is based upon observed interest rates appropriate for the expected term of the awards. The dividend yield assumption is based on the Company s history and expectations regarding dividend payouts at the time of the grant. The following assumptions were used for grants during fiscal 2019, 2020 and 2021: years November 19, 2019 years May 24, 2019 (Part 1) years May 24, 2019 (Part 2) years May 24, 2019 (Part 3) years February 25, 2019 years November 21, 2018 years The stock-based employee compensation expense for stock options for the years ended September 30, 2019, 2020 and 2021 was , and , respectively. The remaining unrecognized compensation expense at September 30, 2021 was , to be recognized over a weighted average vesting period of years. The following table summarizes the activity under the stock option plans for the year ended September 30, 2021: Granted Canceled ) Outstanding at September 30, 2021 yrs. Vested or expected to vest yrs. Exercisable at September 30, 2021 yrs. 
 88 

Table of Contents 
 Gross profit Gross profit percentage of net revenues Net income (loss) ) ) Net income (loss) per share: Basic Diluted 

2021 Quarter Ended December 31 March 31 June 30 September 30 Net revenues Gross profit Gross profit percentage of net revenues Net income (loss) ) ) Net income (loss) per share: Basic Diluted business segment: the design, manufacture, marketing and distribution of technologically advanced, high-performance alloys for use in the aerospace, industrial gas turbine, chemical processing and other industries. The Company has operations in the United States, Europe and China, which are summarized below. 
 89 

Table of Contents 
 Europe China Other Net Revenues Net Revenue by Product Group: High-temperature resistant alloys Corrosive-resistant alloys Net revenues Europe China Total long-lived assets ) September 30, 2020 ) September 30, 2021 ) 

 (1) Uncollectible accounts written off net of recoveries . agreement to provide conversion services to Titanium Metals Corporation (TIMET) for up to million pounds of titanium metal annually. TIMET paid the Company a up-front fee and will also pay the Company for its processing services during the term of the agreement 20 years at prices established by the terms of the agreement. TIMET may exercise an option to have million additional pounds of titanium converted annually, provided that it offers to loan up to to the Company for certain capital expenditures which may be required to expand capacity. In addition to the volume commitment, the Company has granted TIMET a first priority security interest in its four-high Steckel rolling mill, along with rights of access if the Company enters into bankruptcy or defaults on any financing arrangements. The Company has agreed not to manufacture titanium products (other than cold reduced titanium tubing). The Company has also agreed not to provide titanium hot-rolling conversion services to any entity other than TIMET for the term of the Conversion Services Agreement. The agreement contains certain default provisions which could result in contract termination and damages, including liquidated damages of and the Company being required to return the unearned portion of the up-front fee. The Company considered each provision and the likelihood of the occurrence of a default that would result in liquidated damages. Based on the nature of the events that could trigger the liquidated damages clause, and the availability of the cure periods set forth in the agreement, the Company determined and continues to believe that none of these circumstances are reasonably likely to occur. Therefore, events resulting in liquidated damages have not been factored in as a reduction to the amount of 
 90 

Table of Contents 
 is recognized in income on a straight-line basis over the 20-year term of the agreement. If an event of default occurred and was not cured within any applicable grace period, the Company would recognize the impact of the liquidated damages in the period of default and re-evaluate revenue recognition under the contract for future periods. The portion of the up-front fee not recognized in income is shown as deferred revenue on the Consolidated Balance Sheet. Total fair value 

September 30, 2021 Fair Value Measurements at Reporting Date Using: Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 NAV Total Assets: Pension plan assets Total fair value 
 91 

Table of Contents 
 The Company had no other financial assets or liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of September 30, 2020 or 2021. ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss): Pension and postretirement: Net gain (loss) arising during period ) ) ) ) Amortization of prior service cost ) ) ) Amortization of (gain) loss ) ) ) Foreign currency translation adjustment ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) ) ) Total comprehensive income (loss) ) Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications ) Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) Amortization of Pension and Postretirement Plan items (1) Actuarial losses (1) Tax benefit ) ) ) Net current-period other comprehensive income (loss) ) Reclass due to adoption of ASU 2018-02 ) ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) as of September 30, 2020 ) ) ) 
 92 

Table of Contents) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) Amortization of Pension and Postretirement Plan items (1) Actuarial losses (1) Tax benefit ) ) Net current-period other comprehensive income (loss) Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) as of September 30, 2021 ) ) ) 

 (1) These accumulated other comprehensive income components are included in the computation of net periodic pension cost. Environmental post-closure monitoring and maintenance activities Long-term disability Deferred dividends Less amounts due within one year ) ) Long-term obligations (less current portion) , if applicable. Some lease payments also include payments related to purchase or options when the lessee is reasonably certain to exercise the option or is not reasonably certain not to exercise the option, respectively. The leases have remaining terms of one to . For all leases with an initial expected term of more than 12 months , the Company recorded, at the adoption date of ASC 842 or lease commencement date for leases entered into after the adoption date, a lease liability, which is the lessee s obligation to make lease payments arising from a lease, measured on a discounted basis; and a right-of-use asset, which is an asset that represents the lessee s right to use, or to control the use of, a specified asset for the lease term. The 
 93 

Table of Contents 
 are included in Property, plant and equipment, net on the Consolidated Balance Sheet and depreciated over the 20-year lease term. The Company accounts for the related build-to-suit liability as a financing obligation. Significant Judgments and Assumptions Determination of Whether a Contract Contains a Lease The Company determines whether a contract is or contains a lease at the inception of the contract. The contract is or contains a lease if the contract conveys the right to control the use of identified assets for a period of time in exchange for consideration. The Company generally must also have the right to obtain substantially all of the economic benefits from use of the property, plant, and equipment and have the right to direct its use. Practical Expedients (Policy Elections) The Company elected certain practical expedients and transition relief, including the short-term lease recognition exemption, which excludes leases with a term of 12 months or less from recognition on the balance sheet, recognizing lease components and non-lease components together as a single lease component, and the transition relief which, among other things, includes not reassessing the lease classification or whether a contract is or contains a lease. The following table sets forth the components of the Company s lease cost for the year ended September 30, 2020 and 2021. Interest on lease liabilities Total finance lease cost Operating lease cost Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities Operating cash flows from finance leases Operating cash flows from operating leases Financing cash flows from finance leases Total cash paid for amounts included in measurement of lease liabilities 
 94 

Table of Contents 
 Operating right of use lease assets (included in Other assets) Finance lease liabilities Accrued expenses Long-term obligations (less current portion) Total Finance lease liabilities Operating lease liabilities Operating lease payments due within one year are recorded in Accrued expenses on the Consolidated Balance Sheet. 

September 30, September 30, 2020 2021 Weighted average lease term (Years) Finance leases Operating leases Weighted average discount rate Finance leases Operating leases 2023 2024 2025 2026 Thereafter Total minimum lease payments Less: amount representing interest ) ) Present value of net minimum lease payments 
 95 

Table of Contents 
 ) ) Foreign exchange forward contract gain (loss) ) ) ) Net gain (loss) included in selling, general and administrative expense ) ) ) 
 96 

Table of Contents 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosur e None. Item 9A. Controls and Procedure s Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures The Company maintains disclosure controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, including to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the Company s management, including its principal executive and financial officers, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Pursuant to Rule 13a-15(b) of the Exchange Act the Company has performed, under the supervision and with the participation of the Company s management, including the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, an evaluation of the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based upon that evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of September 30, 2021. Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended September 30, 2021 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. Management s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting The management of the Company is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined by Exchange Act rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Company. With the participation of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on the framework and criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations (COSO) of The Treadway Commission (2013). Based on the Company s assessment, management has concluded that, as of September 30, 2021, the Company s internal control over financial reporting is effective based on those criteria. All internal control systems, no matter how well designed, have inherent limitations. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective may not prevent or detect misstatements and can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. The Company s effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2021 has been audited by Deloitte Touche LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in its attestation report which is included herein. Michael L. Shor President Chief Executive Officer November 18, 2021 Daniel W. Maudlin Vice President of Finance and Chief Financial Officer November 18, 2021 Item 9B. Other Informatio n None. 
 97 

Table of Contents 
 Part II I Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governanc e The information included under the caption Business Executive Officers of the Company in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and under the captions Election of Directors , Corporate Governance Code of Ethics , Corporate Governance Corporate Governance Committee and Director Nominations , Corporate Governance Board Committee Structure , Corporate Governance Family Relationships and Corporate Governance Independence of the Board of Directors and Committee Members in the Proxy Statement to be issued in connection with the 2022 meeting of the Company s stockholders is incorporated herein by reference. Item 11. Executive Compensatio n The information included under the captions Executive Compensation , Corporate Governance Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation and Corporate Governance Director Compensation Program in the Proxy Statement to be issued in connection with the 2022 meeting of the Company s stockholders is incorporated herein by reference in response to this item. Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matter s The information contained under the captions Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Security Ownership of Management in the Proxy Statement to be issued in connection with the 2022 meeting of the Company s stockholders is incorporated herein by reference in response to this item. For additional information regarding the Company s stock option plans, please see Note 12 in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in this report. Equity Compensation Plan Information The following table provides information as of September 30, 2021 regarding shares of the Company s common stock issuable pursuant to its stock option and restricted stock plans: 

Number of securities remaining available for future Number of issuance under securities to equity be issued upon Weighted-average compensation exercise exercise price of plans (excluding of outstanding outstanding securities reflected options, options, in the Plan Category warrants and rights warrants and rights second column) Equity compensation plans approved by security holders (1) 702,576 34.68 287,434 (2) 

 (1) For a description of the Company s equity compensation plans, see Note 12 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8. (2) Includes (i) 200,481 shares of stock options or stock appreciation rights and (ii) 86,953 shares of restricted stock, restricted stock units, performance shares or performance units. Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independenc e The information contained under the caption Corporate Governance Independence of Board of Directors and Committee Members and under Conflict of Interest and Related Party Transactions in the Proxy Statement to be issued in connection with the 2022 meeting of the Company s stockholders is incorporated herein by reference in response to this item. 
 98 

Table of Contents 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Service s The information included under the caption Ratification of the Appointment of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm in the Proxy Statement to be issued in connection with the 2022 meeting of the Company s stockholders is incorporated herein by reference in response to this item. Part I V Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedule s (a) Documents filed as part of this Report. 1. Financial Statements: The Financial Statements are set forth under Item 8 in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 2. Financial Statement Schedules: Financial Statement Schedules are omitted as they are not required, are not applicable or the information is shown in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. (b) Exhibits . See Index to Exhibits, which is incorporated herein by reference. (c) Financial Statement Schedules: None 
 99 

Table of Contents 
 INDEX TO EXHIBIT S 

Exhibit Number Description 3.1 Second Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Haynes International, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Haynes International, Inc. Registration Statement on Form S-1, Registration No. 333-140194). 3.2 Amended and Restated By-laws of Haynes International, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Haynes International, Inc. Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended March 31, 2018). 4.1 Specimen Common Stock Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.01 to the Haynes International, Inc. Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended December 31, 2009). 4.2 Description of Registrant s Securities . 10.1 Form of Termination Benefits Agreements by and between Haynes International, Inc. and certain of its employees, conformed to give effect to all amendments thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2011). 10.2 Form of Director Indemnification Agreement between Haynes International, Inc. and certain of its directors named in the schedule to the Exhibit (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.21 to the Haynes International, Inc. Registration Statement on Form S-1, Registration No. 333-140194). 10.3 Conversion Services Agreement by and between the Company and Titanium Metals Corporation, dated November 17, 2006 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.22 to the Haynes International, Inc. Registration Statement on Form S-1, Registration No. 333-140194). Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for confidential treatment and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 10.4 Access and Security Agreement by and between the Company and Titanium Metals Corporation, dated November 17, 2006 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.23 to the Haynes International, Inc. Registration Statement on Form S-1, Registration No. 333-140194). 10.5 Summary of 2020 Management Incentive Plan and Deferred Compensation Plan (incorporated by reference to Item 5.02 of the Haynes International, Inc. Form 8-K filed November 22, 2019). 10.6 Amendment No.1 to the Haynes International, Inc. 2009 Restricted Stock Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.02 to the Haynes International, Inc. Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended December 31, 2011). 10.7 Amendment No. 2 to the Haynes International, Inc. 2009 Restricted Stock Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.01 to the Haynes International, Inc. Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended March 31, 2013). 10.8 Amendment No. 3 to the Haynes International, Inc. 2009 Restricted Stock Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.01 to the Haynes International, Inc. Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended December 31, 2014). 10.9 Amendment No. 4 to the Haynes International, Inc. 2009 Restricted Stock Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.02 to the Haynes International, Inc. Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended December 31, 2014). 10.10 Haynes International, Inc. 2016 Incentive Compensation Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Haynes International, Inc. Current Report on Form 8-K filed March 7, 2016). 10.11 Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement between Haynes International, Inc. and certain of its directors, issued pursuant to the Haynes International, Inc. 2016 Incentive Compensation Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.22 to the Haynes International, Inc. Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2017). 10.12 Form of Performance Share Award Agreement between Haynes International, Inc. of certain of its officers, issued pursuant to the Haynes International, Inc. 2016 Incentive Compensation Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.23 to the Haynes International, Inc. Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2017). 10.13 Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement between Haynes International, Inc. and certain of its officers, issued pursuant to the Haynes International, Inc. 2016 Incentive Compensation Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.24 to the Haynes International, Inc. Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2017). 10.14 Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement between Haynes International, Inc. and certain of its officers and other employees, issued pursuant to the Haynes International, Inc. 2016 Incentive Compensation Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.25 to the Haynes International, Inc. Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2017). 10.15 Form of Indemnification Agreement between the Company and certain of its officers (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.24 the Haynes International Form 10K filed November 15, 2018). 
 100 

Table of Contents 

Exhibit Number Description 10.16 Executive Employment Agreement, effective as of September 1, 2018, by and between the Company and Michael L. Shor (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.25 to the Haynes International, Inc. Form 10-K filed November 15, 2018). 10.17 Haynes International, Inc. 2020 Incentive Compensation Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the Haynes International, Inc. Current Report on Form 8-K filed February 27, 2020). 10.18 Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement between Haynes International, Inc. and certain of its directors, issued pursuant to the Haynes International, Inc. 2020 Incentive Compensation. 10.19 Form of Performance Share Award Agreement between Haynes International, Inc. and certain of its officers, issued pursuant to the Haynes International, Inc. 2016 Incentive Compensation. 10.20 Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement between Haynes International, Inc. and certain of its officers, issued pursuant to the Haynes International, Inc. 2016 Incentive Compensation Plan. 10.21 Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement between Haynes International, Inc. and certain of its officers and other employees, issued pursuant to the Haynes International, Inc. 2016 Incentive Compensation Plan. 10.22 Credit Agreement, dated as of October 19, 2020, by and among Haynes International, Inc., the Lenders party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Haynes International, Inc. Current Report on Form 8-K filed October 20, 2020). 21.1 Subsidiaries of the Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 21.1 to the Haynes International, Inc. Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2018). 23.1 Consent of Deloitte Touche LLP. 31.1 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-4(a) Certification of Chief Executive Officer 31.2 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Chief Financial Officer 32.1 Section 1350 Certifications 101 The following materials from the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2020 formatted in Inline Extensible Business Reporting Language (iXBRL): (i) the Consolidated Balance Sheets; (11) the Consolidated Statements of Operations; (iii) the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss); (iv) the Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity; (v) the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows; and (vi) related notes. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

 Filed herewith 
 101 

Table of Contents 
 SIGNATURE S Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

Haynes International, Inc. By: /s/ Michael L. Shor Michael L. Shor President and Chief Executive Officer Date: November 18, 2021 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature Title Date /s/ Michael L. Shor Michael L. Shor President and Chief Executive Officer; Director (Principal Executive Officer) November 18, 2021 /s/ Daniel W. Maudlin Daniel W. Maudlin Vice President of Finance and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) November 18, 2021 /s/ David S. Van Bibber David S. Van Bibber Controller and Chief Accounting Officer (Principal Accounting Officer) November 18, 2021 /s/ Robert H. Getz Robert H. Getz Chairman of the Board, Director November 18, 2021 /s/ Donald C. Campion Donald C. Campion Director November 18, 2021 /s/ Dawne S. Hickton Dawne S. Hickton Director November 18, 2021 /s/ larry O. spencer Larry O. Spencer Director November 18, 2021 
 102 

<EX-4.2>
 2
 hayn-20210930xex4d2.htm
 EX-4.2

Exhibit 4.2 
 DESCRIPTION OF COMMON STOCK This section describes the general terms and provisions of the shares of Haynes International, Inc. s Haynes or the Company common stock, par value 0.001 per share. This description is only a summary. Our Second Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as amended Certificate of Incorporation ), and our Amended and Restated By-Laws, as amended By-Laws ), have been filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). For a more thorough understanding of the terms of our common stock, we refer you to our Certificate of Incorporation and our By-Laws. General. Our Certificate of Incorporation provides that we may issue up to forty million (40,000,000) shares of stock, consisting of twenty million (20,000,000) shares of common stock, par value 0.001 per share, and twenty million (20,000,000) shares of preferred stock, par value 0.001 per share, which may be issued from time to time in one or more series. Voting Rights. The holders of our common stock are entitled to one vote for each share held of record on all matters with respect to which stockholders are entitled to vote under applicable law, the Certificate of Incorporation or the By-Laws of the Company, in each case as amended from time to time, or upon which a vote of stockholders is otherwise called for by the Company, including the election of directors, and do not have cumulative voting rights. Accordingly, the holders of a majority of the shares of common stock entitled to vote in the election of directors can elect all of the directors standing for election, if they so choose. Dividends. Subject to the provisions of the Certificate of Incorporation, holders of shares of common stock are entitled to receive such dividends and other distributions in cash, stock or property of the Company when, as and if declared thereon by the Board of Directors of the Company from time to time out of assets or funds of the Company legally available therefor. Other Rights. Upon our liquidation, dissolution or winding-up, the holders of common stock are entitled to share ratably in all assets remaining after payment of all liabilities and the liquidation preferences of any outstanding preferred stock. Holders of common stock have no preemptive or subscription rights. There are no redemption or sinking fund provisions applicable to our common stock. All outstanding shares of common stock are fully paid and nonassessable. Certain Provisions of Delaware Law and our Certificate of Incorporation and By-laws The provisions of Delaware law and our Certificate of Incorporation and our By-laws described below may have the effect of delaying, deferring or discouraging another party from acquiring control of us. Delaware Law Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law (the DGCL provides that, subject to certain exceptions specified therein, a corporation shall not engage in any business 

 Exhibit 4.2 
 combination with any interested stockholder for a three-year period following the time that such stockholder becomes an interested stockholder unless: (i) prior to such time, the board of directors of the corporation approved either the business combination or the transaction which resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder; 
 (ii) upon consummation of the transaction which resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder, the interested stockholder owned at least 85 of the voting stock of the corporation outstanding at the time the transaction commenced (excluding certain shares); or 
 (iii) on or subsequent to such time the business combination is approved by the board of directors of the corporation and authorized at any annual or special meeting of stockholders, and not by written consent, by the affirmative vote of at least 66 2/3 of the outstanding voting stock which is not owned by the interested stockholder. 
 
 Section 203 of the DGCL generally defines an interested stockholder to include (x) any person that is the owner of 15 or more of the outstanding voting stock of the corporation, or is an affiliate or associate of the corporation and was the owner of 15 or more of the outstanding voting stock of the corporation at any time within three years immediately prior to the relevant date and (y) the affiliates and associates of any such person. Section 203 of the DGCL generally defines a business combination to include (1) any merger or consolidation involving the corporation and the interested stockholder; (2) any merger, sale or other disposition of 10 or more of the assets of the corporation with or to an interested stockholder; (3) subject to certain exceptions, any transaction that results in the issuance or transfer by the corporation of any stock of the corporation to the interested stockholder; (4) any transaction which would result in increasing the proportionate share of the stock of the corporation or its subsidiaries owned by the interested stockholder; and (5) the receipt by the interested stockholder of the benefit (except proportionately as a stockholder) of any loans, advances, guarantees, pledges, or other financial benefits. Under certain circumstances, Section 203 of the DGCL makes it more difficult for a person who would be an interested stockholder to effect various business combinations with a corporation for a three-year period, although a certificate of incorporation or stockholder-adopted by-laws may exclude a corporation from the restrictions imposed thereunder. Neither our Certificate of Incorporation nor our By-Laws exclude the Company from the restrictions imposed upon Section 203 of the DGCL. It is anticipated that the provisions of Section 203 of the DGCL may encourage companies interested in acquiring the Company to negotiate in advance with the Board of Directors, since the stockholder approval requirement would be avoided if the Board of Directors approves, prior to the time the stockholder becomes an interested stockholder, either the business combination or the transaction which results in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder. 

 Exhibit 4.2 
 Certificate of Incorporation Our Certificate of Incorporation authorizes our Board of Directors to provide for series of preferred stock and, with respect to each such series, to fix the number of shares constituting such series and the voting powers, full or limited, or no voting powers, and such designations, preferences and relative, participating, optional or other special rights, and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions, of the shares of such series. We believe that the ability of the Board of Directors to issue one or more series of preferred stock provides Haynes with flexibility in structuring possible future financings and acquisitions, and in meeting other corporate needs that might arise. The authorized shares of the preferred stock, as well as shares of common stock, will be available for issuance without further action by our stockholders, unless action is required by applicable law or the rules of any stock exchange or automated quotation system on which our securities may be listed or traded. The NASDAQ Global Market currently requires stockholder approval as a prerequisite to listing shares in several instances, including in some cases where the sale, issuance or potential issuance of shares, alone or together with sales by officers, directors or substantial shareholders of a company, equals 20 or more of the common stock or 20 or more of the voting power outstanding before issuance. If the approval of Haynes stockholders is not required for the issuance of shares of preferred stock or common stock, the Board of Directors may determine not to seek stockholder approval. The Board of Directors could also issue a series of preferred stock that could, depending on the terms of such series, impede the completion of a merger, tender offer or other takeover attempt. The Board of Directors will make any determination to issue such shares based on its judgment as to the best interests of the Company and its stockholders. The Board of Directors, in so acting, could issue preferred stock having terms that could discourage an acquisition attempt through which an acquirer may be able to change the composition of the Board of Directors, including a tender offer or other transaction that some, or a majority, of the stockholders of the Company might believe to be in their best interests or in which stockholders might receive a premium for their stock over the then current market price of such stock. We will indemnify our officers and directors against losses that they may incur in investigations and legal proceedings resulting from their services to us, which may include services in connection with takeover defense measures. Our Certificate of Incorporation does not permit action by our stockholders by written consent. This provisions could have the effect of delaying stockholder actions that are favored by the holders of a majority of our outstanding voting securities until the next annual stockholders meeting, particularly because special meetings of the stockholders may only be called by a resolution adopted by a majority of the Board of Directors, the Chairman of the Board of Directors or the President of Haynes. Our Certificate of Incorporation also provides that the ability of the stockholders to call a special meeting of the stockholders is specifically denied. This provision may also discourage another person or entity from making a tender offer for our stock, because such person or entity, even if it acquired a majority of our outstanding voting securities, would be 

 Exhibit 4.2 
 able to take action as a stockholder (such as election of new directors or approving a merger) only at a duly called stockholders meeting. By-Laws Our By-Laws provide that any stockholder desiring to propose business or nominate a person to the Board of Directors at a stockholders meeting must give notice of any proposals or nominations within specified time frames and in proper form and substance. In addition, as indicated above, our By-Laws provide that we will hold a special meeting of stockholder 

</EX-4.2>

<EX-10.18>
 3
 hayn-20210930xex10d18.htm
 EX-10.18

Exhibit 10.18 
 RESTRICTED STOCK AWARD AGREEMENT This Restricted Stock Award Agreement is entered into by and between Haynes International, Inc., a Delaware corporation Company ), and Participant , a member of the Company s Board of Directors Grantee ), effective as of DATE OF GRANT Effective Date ). Background The Company wishes to provide incentives to recognize and reward the Grantee, whose performance, contributions and skills will be critical to the Company s success, by aligning his/her interests more closely with those of the Company s stockholders. For this purpose, the Compensation Committee of the Company s Board of Directors Committee has granted the Grantee restricted shares of common stock of Company, subject to the terms and conditions provided in this Restricted Stock Award Agreement Agreement and the Haynes International, Inc. 2020 Incentive Compensation Plan (the Plan ). All capitalized terms not herein defined shall have the meaning set forth in the Plan. In the event of any conflict between the provisions of the Plan and the provisions of this Agreement, the terms, conditions and provisions of the Plan shall control, and this Agreement shall be deemed to be modified accordingly. In consideration of the premises, the Company and the Grantee agree as follows: Agreement 1. Grant . The Company hereby grants the Grantee Grant_Amount shares of common stock of the Company Award Shares ), which Award Shares shall be subject to the terms, conditions and restrictions specified in this Agreement and the Plan. Although the Compensation Committee awarded the Grantee the Award Shares as of the Effective Date, the Grantee has elected to defer Grant_Amount of such Award Shares Deferred Shares pursuant to the terms of the Haynes International, Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan Deferred Compensation Plan and the Grantee s deferral election under such Deferred Compensation Plan. The Award Shares that are not Deferred Shares are referred to herein as Restricted Shares . The right to receive the Deferred Shares shall be subject to the same vesting and forfeiture provisions that otherwise apply (or would apply in the case where all of the Award Shares are Deferred Shares) to the Restricted Shares herein as if the Deferred Shares were granted as Restricted Shares on the date hereof. The Deferred Shares will be settled at the time provided for under the Deferred Compensation Plan (and the applicable deferral election) in the form of shares of the Company s common stock issued under the Plan. The Committee has determined that (disregarding restrictions imposed by this Agreement and the Plan that lapse upon the Grantee s interest becoming vested) the Award Shares have a per-share fair market value of FMV as of the Effective Date. 

Exhibit 10.18 
 2. Closing . The transfer of the Restricted Shares Closing shall occur simultaneously with the execution of this Agreement. Concurrently with the execution of this Agreement, (i) the Company shall deliver to the Grantee a certificate, registered in the Grantee s name, representing the Restricted Shares, and (ii) the Grantee shall deliver to the Company a duly executed stock power, endorsed in blank, relating to the Restricted Shares.
 3. Custody . The Grantee understands that, although the certificates representing the Restricted Shares shall be registered in the Grantee s name, all such certificates (other than for Restricted Shares that have vested) shall be deposited, together with the stock power executed by the Grantee, in proper form for transfer, with the Company. The Company is hereby authorized to effectuate the transfer into its name of all certificates representing the Restricted Shares that are forfeited to the Company pursuant to Section 6 of this Agreement. Following the vesting of all Restricted Shares subject to this Agreement, or earlier, if requested by the Grantee, the Company shall issue an appropriate certificate for those Restricted Shares that have become vested. 
 4. Nontransferability of Restricted Shares . Until such time as the Restricted Shares become vested, the Grantee shall not have any right to sell, assign, transfer, pledge, hypothecate, or otherwise dispose of the Restricted Shares. The Grantee represents and warrants to the Company that he/she shall not sell, assign, transfer, pledge, hypothecate, or otherwise dispose of the Restricted Shares in violation of applicable securities laws, the Plan or the provisions of this Agreement.
 5. Vesting . The Grantee s interest in the Restricted Shares shall vest and become nonforfeitable as follows: Except as otherwise provided herein or in the Plan, the Grantee s interest in the Restricted Shares shall vest upon the earlier of (a) the first anniversary of the Effective Date, or (b) the failure of the Grantee to be re-elected at an annual meeting of the stockholders of the Company as a result of being excluded from the nominations for any reason other than Cause.
 
 Notwithstanding the preceding paragraph of this Section 5, the Grantee s interest in the Restricted Shares not previously vested or forfeited shall become 100 vested upon (x) the occurrence of a Change in Control or (y) the cessation of Grantee s service on the Board of Directors by reason of the Grantee s death or Disability. 6. Forfeiture . Except as set forth herein or in the Plan, if the Grantee should cease to be a director of the Company for any reason (other than that described in Section 5(b)) before becoming 100 vested in the Restricted Shares, the Restricted Shares shall not vest, and the Grantee s interest in the unvested portion of the Restricted Shares shall be immediately forfeited (effective as of the date of such termination of service).
 7. Voting and Other Rights . The Grantee shall have absolute beneficial ownership of the Restricted Shares, including the right to vote any and all Restricted Shares and to receive dividends or other distributions thereon, subject to the vesting restrictions set forth in Section 5, until the earlier of the date on which such Restricted Shares shall be forfeited as provided herein or the date on which the Grantee ceases to own such shares. 
 8. Grantee Representations . The Grantee represents and warrants to the Company that he/she has not (a) directly or indirectly rendered services to or for an organization, or engaged in 

Exhibit 10.18 
 a business, that is, in the judgment of the Committee, in competition with the Company or (b) disclosed to anyone outside of the Company, or used for any purpose other than the Company s business, any confidential or proprietary information or material relating to the Company. 
 9. Adjustments for Changes in Capitalization of the Company . In the event of any merger, reorganization, consolidation, recapitalization, separation, split-up, liquidation or other change affecting the Shares, an adjustment shall be made to the Restricted Shares to the extent provided under the terms of the Plan. 
 10. Securities Laws . The Grantee understands that applicable securities laws may restrict the right of the Grantee to dispose of any Restricted Shares which the Grantee may acquire hereunder and govern the manner in which such Restricted Shares may be sold. The Grantee shall not offer, sell or otherwise dispose of any of the Restricted Shares in any manner which would (a) require the Company to file any registration statement with the Securities Exchange Commission (the SEC ), (b) require the Company to amend or supplement any registration statement which the Company may at any time have on file with the SEC, or (c) violate the 1933 Act or any other state or federal law.
 11. Withholding Taxes . If the grant or other transfer of the Restricted Shares, or the vesting of the Restricted Shares, results in taxable compensation income to the Grantee the Grantee agrees to make direct payment of the applicable taxes to the applicable taxing authority.
 12. Integration . This Agreement supersedes any and all prior and/or contemporaneous agreements, either oral or in writing, between the parties hereto, with respect to the subject matter hereof. Each party to this Agreement acknowledges that no representations, inducements, promises, or other agreements, oral or otherwise, have been made by any party, or anyone acting on behalf of any party, pertaining to the subject matter hereof, which are not embodied herein, and that no prior and/or contemporaneous agreement, statement or promise pertaining to the subject matter hereof that is not contained in this Agreement shall be valid or binding on either party.
 13. Impact of Agreement on Service . Nothing contained in this Agreement, the Deferred Compensation Plan or the Plan shall restrict the right of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to terminate the Grantee s service at any time with or without Cause.
 14. Acknowledgments by Grantee . By signing this Agreement, the Grantee acknowledges that he/she (a) has received a copy of the Plan and is familiar with the terms and provisions of the Plan and the Agreement, and (b) agrees to accept as binding, conclusive and final all decisions and interpretations of the Company s Board of Directors and Committee upon any questions arising under the Plan or this Agreement.
 15. Successors . This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of any successor of the Company and any successors, assigns or estate of the Grantee, including his/her executors, administrators and trustees.
 16. Amendment . No provision of this Agreement may be modified, waived or discharged unless such waiver, modification or discharge is in writing and signed by the party against whom such modification, waiver or discharge is sought to be enforced.

Exhibit 10.18 
 17. Governing Law . The validity, interpretation, construction and performance of this Agreement will be governed by and construed in accordance with the substantive laws of the State of Indiana, without giving effect to the principles of conflict of laws of such State.
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company and the Grantee have executed this Agreement, effective on the date specified in the first paragraph hereof. GRANTEE Haynes International , INC. By: Participant Company Officer 

Exhibit 10.18 
 STOCK POWER For Value Received, the undersigned hereby sells, assigns and transfers unto Haynes International, Inc., Grant_Amount Typed_Grant_Amount shares of common stock, 0.001 par value, of Haynes International, Inc. (the Company ), standing in his/her name on the books of the Company and does hereby irrevocably constitute and appoint the Secretary of the Company attorney-in-fact to transfer those shares on the books of the Company with full power of substitution in the premises. Dated and effective as of the day of , . By:_______________________________________ Participant In the presence of: Witness Signature Witness Printed 

</EX-10.18>

<EX-10.19>
 4
 hayn-20210930xex10d19.htm
 EX-10.19

Exhibit 10.19 
 HAYNES INTERNATIONAL, INC. PERFORMANCE SHARE AWARD AGREEMENT This Performance Share Award Agreement is entered into by and between Haynes International, Inc., a Delaware corporation Company ), and Participant , an officer of the Company Grantee ), effective as of Date_of_Grant Effective Date ). Background The Company wishes to provide incentives to recognize and reward the Grantee, whose performance, contributions and skills will be critical to the Company s success, by aligning his/her interests more closely with those of the Company s stockholders. For this purpose, the Compensation Committee of the Company s Board of Directors Committee has granted the Grantee the opportunity to earn Performance Shares pursuant to the terms and conditions of this Performance Share Award Agreement Agreement and the Haynes International, Inc. 2020 Incentive Compensation Plan (the Plan ). In consideration of the premises, the Company and the Grantee agree as follows: AWARD OF PERFORMANCE SHARES This Agreement evidences the grant by the Company of Performance Shares subject to the attainment of certain performance targets as set forth herein, all in accordance with the provisions of the Plan, as amended from time to time. The number of Performance Shares that will ultimately be earned under this Agreement, as well as the number of Shares that will be distributed in settling those earned Performance Shares, which will not be determined until the end of the Performance Period, will depend on the calculated Total Shareholder Return (defined below) of the Company at the end of the Performance Period, as compared to the Total Shareholder Return of the TSR Peer Group (defined below) at the end of the Performance Period. This grant shall become effective only if the Grantee electronically acknowledges the Agreement and/or signs and returns to the Company a copy of this Agreement evidencing the Grantee s understanding of the terms and conditions of the Performance Shares. To the extent that the Grantee is a covered employee within the meaning of Code Section 162(m), the Agreement will be administered in accordance with the performance-based compensation exception under Code Section 162(m) to the maximum extent possible. Target Number of Performance Shares Awarded to Grantee: Number_of_Shares __ Performance Period for the Award: through 

Exhibit 10.19 
 AWARD DETERMINATION As soon as practicable (but not later than 60 days) following the end of the Performance Period (as defined above) and the completion of all other conditions to payment set forth in this Agreement and the Plan, the Committee shall calculate Total Shareholder Return (as defined below) for the Company and Total Shareholder Return for each member of the TSR Peer Group (as defined below) and determine the extent to which the Target Number of Performance Shares (as defined above) awarded under this Agreement have been earned. Except as otherwise provided herein or in the Plan, if the Grantee is employed by the Company as of the last day of the Performance Period, the Grantee shall earn as Performance Shares that percentage of his or her Target Number of Performance Shares determined by comparing the Company s Total Shareholder Return to each member of the TSR Peer Group s Total Shareholder Return on a percentile basis: Haynes TSR Peer Group Ranking Percentage of Target Number of Performance Shares Earned 0 30th Percentile but 50 50th Percentile but 100 100th Percentile 200 
 The Company s TSR Peer Group Ranking shall be determined by the Committee following the end of the Performance Period and no Performance Shares shall be considered earned prior to the Committee certifying such results. If the Company s TSR Peer Group Ranking for the Performance Period is between the 30th percentile and 50th percentile per the above table, the number of Performance Shares earned shall be determined by interpolation between the corresponding percentiles as the sum of: (1) the difference between the actual percentile performance and the 30th percentile is multiplied by 2.5, plus (2) 50 . If the Company s percentile ranking for the Performance Period is between the 50th percentile and 100th percentile per the above table, the number of Performance Shares earned shall be determined by interpolation between the corresponding percentiles as the product of 2.0 multiplied by the actual percentile performance. Exhibit A hereto sets forth a chart clarifying the above calculations. Definitions Total Shareholder Return shall be calculated as follows: Total Shareholder Return = (SPE SPB + DIV)/SPB 

Exhibit 10.19 
 SPB shall mean the average closing price of a share of the Company s Common Stock (or the common stock of the applicable member of the TSR Peer Group) for a period of twenty (20) trading days ending on the last day immediately prior to the start of the Performance Period. SPE shall mean the average closing price of a share of the Company s Common Stock (or the common stock of the applicable member of the TSR Peer Group) for a period of twenty (20) trading days ending on the last day immediately prior to the end of the Performance Period. DIV shall mean the total amount of dividends paid by the Company (or the applicable member of the TSR Peer Group) during the Performance Period, assuming reinvestment thereof in the Company s Common Stock (or the TSR Peer Group member s common stock) on the date of the payment of such dividends. The TSR Peer Group shall consist of the following companies: Arconic, Inc.; Allegheny Technologies Incorporated; Carpenter Technology Corporation; Commercial Metals Company; Insteel Industries Inc.; Kaiser Aluminum Corporation; Materion Corporation; Olympic Steel, Inc; and Universal Stainless Alloy Products, Inc. Notwithstanding the foregoing, (i) in the event a member of the TSR Peer Group is acquired by a third party, ceases to be publicly traded or files for bankruptcy or reorganization protection during the Performance Period, that member shall be excluded from the TSR Peer Group for purposes of calculating Total Shareholder Return; (ii) in the event a member of the TSR Peer Group spins off a portion of its business during the Performance Period, SPB shall be adjusted for the value of the spinoff; and (iii) in the event a member of the TSR Peer Group sells or otherwise disposes of a portion of its assets or operations to a third party during the Performance Period, no adjustments shall be made. The TSR Peer Group Ranking shall be calculated as the percentage that the Company s TSR bears to the TSR of each of the members of the TSR Peer Group. TERMS AND CONDITIONS 1. Grant of Performance Shares . Pursuant to and subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan, the Company hereby awards to the Grantee, who is an employee of the Company or one of its Subsidiaries, the opportunity to earn the number of Performance Shares that will be determined at the end of the Performance Period under the Award Determination section above, up to, but not exceeding, 200 of the Target Number of Performance Shares specified above. Each Performance Share earned hereunder represents the conditional right to receive one Share of the Company s common stock. Except as otherwise provided herein, upon settlement of the Award following the end of the Performance Period, the earned Performance Shares will be settled by the distribution to the Grantee of one share (of the Company s common stock) for each earned Performance Share being settled, plus that number of Dividend Equivalents distributable with respect to the earned Performance Shares, as provided in Paragraphs 6 and 7 and subject to withholding as provided in Paragraph 10.
 1. Acceptance; Transfer Restrictions . The Grantee hereby accepts the Award of Performance Shares described in this Agreement and agrees that the Award will be held by the Grantee and the Grantee s successors subject to (and will not be disposed of except in accordance with) all of the restrictions, terms and conditions contained in this Agreement and the Plan. Except 

Exhibit 10.19 
 as otherwise provided in this Agreement or the Plan, the Grantee may not sell, assign, transfer, pledge or otherwise dispose of or encumber any of the Performance Shares, any Shares underlying the Performance Shares, or any interest in the Performance Shares or underlying Shares, until the Performance Period expires, at which time the Grantee s rights in the Performance Shares will be earned and settled to the extent provided in this Agreement. Any purported sale, assignment, transfer, pledge or other disposition or encumbrance in violation of this Agreement or the Plan will be void and of no effect.
 2. Earning/Performance Period . If the Grantee remains employed by the Company or a Subsidiary through the end of the Performance Period, then at the end of the Performance Period the Performance Shares will become fully earned, to the extent determined under Award Determination above. If the Grantee does not remain employed through the end of the Performance Period, the provisions of Paragraph 8 below will apply in determining the number of Performance Shares, if any, which will become earned at the end of the Performance Period. All Performance Shares not earned at the end of the Performance Period will be forfeited, and the Grantee will have no rights or interest in or to those forfeited Performance Shares. 
 3. Unfunded Obligations . The Company will reflect the Grantee s interests in the Performance Shares and the underlying Shares by means of bookkeeping entries on the financial records of the Company, and this Agreement will not create in the Grantee or any successors any right to, or claim against any, specific assets of the Company or result in the creation of any trust or escrow account for the Grantee or any successors. With respect to their interests under this Agreement, the Grantee and any successors will be general creditors of the Company.
 4. Voting Rights . The Grantee will not have any rights of a shareholder to vote the Shares underlying the Performance Shares until the Performance Shares are earned and settled in actual Shares after the end of the Performance Period. Once the Performance Shares are settled by distribution of Shares, the Grantee will have all shareholder voting rights with respect to those Shares.
 5. Dividend Equivalents and Other Distributions . The Grantee will not have any rights of a shareholder to receive dividends or other distributions with respect to the Shares underlying the Performance Shares until the Performance Shares are earned and settled after the end of the Performance Period. Once the Performance Shares are settled by distribution of Shares, the Grantee will have all shareholder rights to dividends and other distributions with respect to those Shares. However, the Committee, in its sole discretion, will determine the amount of dividends that should have been paid on such earned Performance Shares during the Performance Period as if such earned Performance Shares had been actual Shares outstanding during the Performance Period Dividend Equivalents ). At the time settlement is made with respect to the earned Performance Shares pursuant to Paragraph 7, the Company will distribute to the Grantee (in addition to the Shares attributable to the earned Performance Shares) a lump sum cash payment equal to the Dividend Equivalents on such earned Performance Shares. No Dividend Equivalents shall be payable hereunder with respect to forfeited Performance Shares.

Exhibit 10.19 
 6. Actions after Earning is Determined . Except as provided in Paragraph 8, as soon as is practicable following the Committee s certification of the determination of the TSR Peer Group Percentile Ranking and the earned portion of the Performance Shares, and in any event on or before the fifteenth (15 th day of the third month following the day on which the Performance Period ends, the Company will settle the earned Performance Shares by distributing to the Grantee one Share for each Performance Share earned under this Agreement. To distribute those Shares, the Company will, in its discretion, either deliver to the Grantee stock certificates representing, or shall instruct the Company s transfer agent to recognize in book entry form that the Grantee is the registered holder of, the number of Shares attributable to the earned Performance Shares, free from any restrictions or other terms and conditions of this Agreement. At that same time, the Company shall take such actions as it shall deem appropriate to cancel the forfeited Performance Shares and to cause them to no longer be recognized as outstanding awards under the Plan. In addition, the Company will issue to the Grantee a lump sum cash payment equal to the Dividend Equivalents to which the Grantee is entitled under Paragraph 6. The Grantee (or his or her successors) shall execute and deliver such instruments and take such other actions as the Company shall reasonably request with respect to the actions to be taken pursuant to this Paragraph. Notwithstanding the preceding provisions of this Paragraph 7, at any time prior to the settlement of the earned Performance Shares, unless otherwise provided by the Committee or prohibited by the Plan (such as in the case of a Change in Control), the Committee shall have the authority to reduce or eliminate the number of Performance Shares to be settled and distributed, or to cancel any part or all of an Award of Performance Shares, or to mandate the form in which the Award shall be paid (i.e., in cash, in Stock or both, in any proportions determined by the Committee).
 7. Termination of Employment . 
 (a) If the Grantee incurs a Termination of Employment for reasons other than Cause after the end of the Performance Period but prior to the time of settlement, then the settlement of the earned Performance Shares (as determined herein) shall be in a single lump sum cash payment, provided the Grantee may elect to take fifty percent (50 or one hundred percent (100 of the earned Performance Shares payable in Shares. 
 (b) If the Grantee incurs a Termination of Employment during the Performance Period (a transfer of employment among the Company and its Subsidiaries will not be treated as a Termination of Employment), then all or some portion of the Performance Shares that would otherwise have become earned Performance Shares (based on the actual performance for the Performance Period) had the Grantee remained employed throughout the entire Performance Period, if any, will be earned or be forfeited as follows:
 (i) If the Grantee s Termination of Employment results from his or her death or Disability, then the earned portion of the Performance Shares shall be determined by the Committee, in its sole discretion, as if all unfinished Performance Periods had ended with a TSR Peer Group Percentile Ranking of fifty percent (50 ). Such earned Performance Shares shall be settled in a single lump sum cash payment payable as soon thereafter as reasonably possible but not later than the fifteenth (15 th day of the third month following the end of the calendar year in 

Exhibit 10.19 
 which such death or Disability occurred. Any applicable Dividend Equivalents on the earned Performance Shares will be calculated as though the Target Number of Performance Shares were earned and paid in a single lump sum cash payment payable as soon thereafter as reasonably possible but not later than the fifteenth (15 th day of the third month following the end of the calendar year in which such death or Disability occurred; and
 (ii) Unless the Committee determines otherwise at any time, in the event of the Grantee s Termination of Employment during the Performance Period for a reason other than due to death or Disability (and other than for Cause), then upon such Termination of Employment, the amount of the Grantee s Performance Shares shall be adjusted. The revised Award shall be determined by multiplying the earned Performance Shares by the number of months the Grantee worked at least one day during the respective Performance Period divided by the number of months in the Performance Period, to be paid, if at all, at the same time and under the same terms that such outstanding earned Performance Shares would otherwise be paid; provided, however, if the Grantee does not satisfy the conditions to Retire at the time he or she voluntarily incurs a Termination of Employment during the Performance Period, then such Award shall be cancelled and forfeited upon such Termination of Employment. A Termination of Employment shall be deemed to be voluntary if it is recorded as such on the records of the Company, as determined by the Company in its sole discretion; and 
 (iii) Upon the Grantee s Termination of Employment for any reason other than those described in subparagraphs (i) and (ii) of this Paragraph, all of the Performance Shares will be forfeited immediately upon such Termination of Employment and no amounts will be payable under this Agreement.
 (c) Notwithstanding any provision herein to the contrary, upon the Grantee s Termination of Employment for Cause, all of the Performance Shares will be forfeited immediately upon such Termination of Employment and no amounts will be payable under this Agreement.
 8. Change in Control . Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event of a Change in Control (as defined in the Plan) of the Company, the Performance Period shall be deemed to end as of the effective date of the Change in Control and the Performance Shares shall be earned based upon the Company s Total Shareholder Return as compared to the members of the TSR Peer Group as of the effective date of the Change in Control; provided that the minimum number of Shares earned in connection with a Change in Control will not be less than the Target Number of Performance Shares established hereunder. 
 9. Withholding . At the time of the settlement of Performance Shares by distribution of any Shares pursuant to Paragraph 7 of this Agreement, the Company has the right and power to deduct or withhold, or require the Grantee to remit to the Company, an amount sufficient to satisfy all applicable tax withholding requirements with respect to such distributed shares. The Company may permit or require the Grantee to satisfy all or part of the tax withholding obligations in connection with this Agreement by having the Company withhold otherwise distributable Shares, 

Exhibit 10.19 
 having a value equal to the amount to be withheld, which shall not exceed the amount determined by the applicable minimum statutory tax withholding rate (or such other rate as will not result in a negative accounting impact). For these purposes, the value of the Shares to be withheld or delivered will be equal to the Fair Market Value as of the date that the taxes are required to be withheld. 
 10. Code Section 409A Compliance . The Award under this Agreement is intended to be exempt from the requirements of Code Section 409A. To the extent that any terms of this Agreement would subject the Grantee to gross income inclusion, interest, or additional tax pursuant to Code Section 409A, those terms are to that extent superseded by, and shall be adjusted to the minimum extent necessary to satisfy, the applicable Code Section 409A standards. 
 11. Notices . All notices and other communications required or permitted under this Agreement shall be written and delivered personally or sent by registered or certified first-class mail, postage prepaid and return receipt required, addressed as follows: if to the Company, to the Company s executive offices in Kokomo, Indiana, and if to the Grantee or his or her successor, to the address last furnished by the Grantee to the Company. The Company may, however, authorize notice by any other means it deems desirable or efficient at a given time, such as notice by facsimile or electronic mail.
 12. No Employment Rights . Neither the Plan nor this Agreement confers upon the Grantee any right to continue in the employ of the Employer or limits in any way the right of the Employer to terminate the Grantee s employment at any time. The Grantee shall have no rights as a shareholder of the Company with respect to any Shares issuable upon the earning of the Performance Shares until the date of issuance of such Shares in settlement of the award. 
 13. Plan Controlling . The terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement are subject in all respects to the terms and conditions of the Plan, which are controlling. All capitalized terms not herein defined shall have the meaning set forth in the Plan. All determinations and interpretations of the Company or the Committee are binding and conclusive upon the Grantee and his or her legal representatives. The Grantee agrees to be bound by the terms and provisions of the Plan.
 14. Discretionary Nature of Grant; No Vested Rights . The Grantee acknowledges and agrees that the Plan is discretionary in nature and may be amended, cancelled or terminated by the Company, in its sole discretion, at any time. The grant of the Performance Shares under the Plan is a one-time benefit and does not create any contractual or other right to receive a grant of Performance Shares or benefits in lieu of Performance Shares in the future. Future grants, if any, will be at the sole discretion of the Company, including, but not limited to, the form and timing of any grant, the number of Shares subject to the grant, and the vesting provisions. Any amendment, modification or termination of the Plan shall not constitute a change or impairment of the terms and conditions of the Grantee s employment with the Employer.
 15. Electronic Delivery . The Company may, in its sole discretion, decide to deliver any documents related to the Performance Shares or other awards granted to the Grantee under the Plan by electronic means. The Grantee hereby consents to receive such documents by electronic 

Exhibit 10.19 
 delivery and agrees to participate in the Plan through an on-line or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or a third party designated by the Company.
 16. Additional Requirements . The Company reserves the right to impose other requirements on the Performance Shares, any Shares acquired pursuant to the Performance Shares, and the Grantee s participation in the Plan, to the extent the Company determines, in its sole discretion, that such other requirements are necessary or advisable in order to comply with local law or to facilitate the administration of the Plan. Such requirements may include (but are not limited to) requiring the Grantee to sign any agreements or undertakings that may be necessary to accomplish the foregoing.
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF the Company and the Grantee have executed this Agreement as of the date first above written. 

By: Print Name: HAYNES INTERNATIONAL, INC. By: Print Name: Title: 

Exhibit 10.19 
 EXHIBIT A PERFORMANCE SHARES EARNED 

</EX-10.19>

<EX-10.20>
 5
 hayn-20210930xex10d20.htm
 EX-10.20

Exhibit 10.20 
 HAYNES INTERNATIONAL, INC. NONQUALIFIED STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT Dear PARTICIPANT, The Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors of Haynes International, Inc. (the Company on DATE OF GRANT Date of Grant has granted you an option (the Option to purchase NUMBER OF SHARES Shares of the Company s Common Stock, 0.001 par value (the Shares ), pursuant to the Haynes International, Inc. 2020 Incentive Compensation Plan (the Plan ), upon the following terms and conditions of this Nonqualified Stock Option Agreement Agreement ): 1. PURCHASE PRICE OF THE OPTION. The purchase price of the Shares subject to the Option is FMV per Share which is equal to the Fair Market Value per Share as of the close of trading on the business day immediately preceding the Date of Grant. You must pay this purchase price by personal or bank cashier s check at the time the Option is exercised; provided, however, that, with the approval of the Committee, you may exercise the Option by (i) tendering to the Company certificates representing whole Shares owned by you duly endorsed for transfer, or (ii) surrendering a sufficient portion of the vested Option based on the difference between the exercise price of the Option and the Fair Market Value at the time of exercise of the Shares subject to the Option, or (iii) any combination of (i) and/or (ii) and cash, together having a Fair Market Value equal to the exercise price of the Shares with respect to which the Option is exercised. For this purpose, any Shares so tendered or withheld shall be deemed to have a Fair Market Value as determined under the Plan. To exercise the Option, you must send written notice to the Committee at the address provided in SECTION 11 of this Agreement. Such notice shall (1) state the number of Shares being purchased pursuant to the Option (2) be signed by the person or persons exercising the Option and (3) be accompanied by payment of the full purchase price of such Shares (as provided above). Certificates evidencing Shares of the Company shall not be delivered to you until an appropriate notice has been delivered and payment has been made. 2. OPTION TERM AND VESTING. The term of the Option (the Option Term shall be a period of ten (10) years from the Date of Grant, subject to earlier termination as provided in SECTIONS 3 and 4 or as may be provided in the Plan. Except as otherwise provided below in SECTIONS 3 or 4 which provide for accelerated vesting under certain circumstances, the Option shall become exercisable with respect to 33-1/3 percent of the total number of Shares covered by the Option on the first anniversary of the Date of Grant and with respect to an additional 33-1/3 percent on each of the second anniversary and the third anniversary of the Date of Grant, respectively. When the Option becomes exercisable with respect to any Shares, those Shares may be purchased at any time, or from time to time, in whole or in part, until the Option Term expires, subject to the terms of this Agreement and the Plan. 3. TERMINATION OF EMPLOYMENT OR SERVICE. (a) Notwithstanding the vesting schedule set forth in SECTION 2, if you cease to be an Employee or a Non-Employee Director (as applicable) of the Company or a Subsidiary (as applicable) due to a Termination for Cause, all outstanding Options whether vested or unvested shall be void and deemed to be forfeited upon the date your employment or service ceases and shall not be exercisable to any extent whatsoever. (b) If you cease to be an Employee or a Non-Employee Director (as applicable) of the Company or a subsidiary (as applicable) for any reason other than Cause, Death, Disability or Retirement, the unvested portion of the Option shall terminate immediately and the vested portion of the Option that is exercisable as of the date employment ceases shall remain exercisable for ninety (90) days following such termination, but not later than the expiration of the Option Term. If you do not exercise the Option during such period, the Option shall be void and deemed to have been forfeited upon the expiration of such period and shall be of no further force or effect. 

Exhibit 10.20 
 (c) If you cease to be an Employee or a Non-Employee Director (as applicable) of the Company or a Subsidiary (as applicable) by reason of your Death or Disability, the unvested portion of the Option shall immediately vest and become exercisable and the Option shall remain exercisable for five (5) years following the date of Death or Disability, but not later than the expiration of the Option Term. If you, or your authorized representative in the case of death, do(es) not exercise the Option during such period, the Option shall be void and deemed to have been forfeited upon the expiration of such period and shall be of no further force or effect. (d) If you cease to be an Employee or a Non-Employee Director (as applicable) of the Company or a Subsidiary (as applicable) by reason of your Retirement, the unvested portion of the Option shall immediately vest and become exercisable and the Option shall remain exercisable for five (5) years following the date of such Retirement, but not later than the expiration of the Option Term. If you do not exercise the Option during such period, the Option shall be void and deemed to have been forfeited upon the expiration of such period and shall be of no further force or effect. 4. ADJUSTMENT; CHANGE IN CONTROL. (a) The Option may be adjusted or terminated in any manner as contemplated in the Plan. (b) Unless the Committee determines otherwise in accordance with the terms of the Plan, upon the occurrence of a Change in Control, all Options shall become exercisable as and to the extent set forth in Article XII of the Plan. (c) Except as provided herein, the Option may be exercised in whole at any time or in part at any time to the extent that the Shares under the Option are then exercisable. In no event, however, may the Option be exercised after the expiration of the Option Term, as described in SECTION 6 below. 5. TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS. The Option is non-transferable otherwise than by will or the laws of descent and distribution. It may be exercised only by you, or if you die, by your executor, administrator, or person(s) to whom the Option is transferred by will or the laws of descent and distribution in accordance with SECTION 3. 6. EXPIRATION OF AGREEMENT. All rights to exercise the Option shall expire, in any event, upon the expiration of the Option Term. 7. SHARE CERTIFICATES. Certificates evidencing Shares issued upon any exercise of the Option may bear a legend setting forth, among other things, such restrictions on the disposition or transfer of the Shares as the Company may deem appropriate to comply with federal and state securities laws. 8. IMPACT OF AGREEMENT ON YOUR EMPLOYMENT OR SERVICE. Nothing contained in this Agreement or the Plan shall restrict the right of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to terminate your employment or service at any time with or without Cause subject to any written employment agreement. 9. AGREEMENT IS SUBJECT TO PLAN. This Agreement is subject to all terms, provisions, and conditions of the Plan, which is incorporated herein by reference and to such regulation as may from time to time be adopted by the Committee. In the event of any conflict between the provisions of the Plan and the provisions of this Agreement, the terms, conditions, and provisions of the Plan shall control, and this Agreement shall be deemed to be modified accordingly. 10. NATURE OF OPTION. This Agreement is intended to grant a Nonqualified Option. 11. NOTICE. All notices by you to the Company and your exercise of the Option shall be addressed to Haynes International, Inc., 1020 West Park Avenue, P.O. Box 9013, Kokomo, IN 46904, ATTENTION: Compensation Committee, or such other address as the Company may, from time to time, specify. 12. SECURITIES LAWS. Notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement or in the Plan to the contrary, the Option may not be exercised until all applicable federal and state securities requirements pertaining to the offer and sale of the securities issued pursuant to the Plan have been met and the Company has been advised by 

Exhibit 10.20 
 counsel satisfactory to the Company that all applicable requirements have been met. If requested by the Committee, you agree to deliver to the Company such signed representations and covenants as may be necessary, satisfactory to the Company in the opinion of counsel, for compliance with applicable federal and state securities laws and such other instruments and agreements as the Committee may reasonably request. 13. WITHHOLDING. The Company shall have the right to withhold from your regular cash compensation, if any, or from any payments under this Agreement, or require you to submit, amounts sufficient to satisfy any federal, state, or local income or employment tax withholding requirements arising from your exercise of any rights under this Agreement or make such other arrangements satisfactory to the Company with regard to such taxes, including the withholding of Shares of common stock that are subject to the Option, at such time as the Company deems necessary or appropriate for compliance with such laws. 14. DEFINITIONS. All capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings assigned to them in the Plan. 

Very truly yours, HAYNES INTERNATIONAL, INC. Company Officer 

Exhibit 10.20 
 ACCEPTANCE OF NONQUALIFIED STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT I hereby accept the terms and provisions of this Nonqualified Stock Option Agreement, dated DATE OF GRANT Agreement ), and the Haynes International, Inc. Company 2020Incentive Compensation Plan, as amended through the date hereof Plan ). I acknowledge that I have received a copy of the Plan, and I am familiar with the terms and provisions of the Plan and the Agreement. I agree to accept as binding, conclusive, and final all decisions and interpretations of the Company s Board of Directors and Committee upon any questions arising under the Plan or this Agreement. Dated this day of , . 

PARTICIPANT 

</EX-10.20>

<EX-10.21>
 6
 hayn-20210930xex10d21.htm
 EX-10.21

Exhibit 10.21 
 RESTRICTED STOCK AWARD AGREEMENT This Restricted Stock Award Agreement is entered into by and between Haynes International, Inc., a Delaware corporation Company ), and Participant_Name , an employee of the Company Grantee ), effective as of DATE OF GRANT Effective Date ). Background The Company wishes to provide incentives to recognize and reward the Grantee, whose performance, contributions and skills will be critical to the Company s success, by aligning his/her interests more closely with those of the Company s stockholders. For this purpose, the Compensation Committee of the Company s Board of Directors Committee has granted the Grantee restricted shares of unregistered common stock of Company, subject to the terms and conditions provided in this Restricted Stock Award Agreement Agreement and the Haynes International, Inc. 2020 Incentive Compensation Plan (the Plan ). All terms not herein defined shall have the meaning set forth in the Plan. In the event of any conflict between the provisions of the Plan and the provisions of this Agreement, the terms, conditions and provisions of the Plan shall control, and this Agreement shall be deemed to be modified accordingly. In consideration of the premises, the Company and the Grantee agree as follows: Agreement 1. Grant . The Company hereby grants the Grantee Number_of_Shares whole shares of unregistered common stock of the Company, which shares Restricted Shares shall be subject to the terms, conditions and restrictions specified in this Agreement and the Plan. The Committee has determined that (disregarding restrictions imposed by this Agreement and the Plan that lapse upon the Grantee s interest becoming vested) the Restricted Shares have a per-share fair market value Value of FMV.
 2. Closing . The transfer of the Restricted Shares Closing shall occur simultaneously with the execution of this Agreement. Concurrently with the execution of this Agreement, (i) the Company shall deliver to the Grantee a certificate, registered in the Grantee s name, representing the Restricted Shares, and (ii) the Grantee shall deliver to the Company a duly executed stock power, endorsed in blank, relating to the Restricted Shares.
 3. Custody . The Grantee understands that, although the certificates representing the Restricted Shares shall be registered in the Grantee s name, all such certificates (other than for Restricted Shares that have vested) shall be deposited, together with the stock power executed by the Grantee, in proper form for transfer, with the Company. The Company is hereby authorized to effectuate the transfer into its name of all certificates representing the Restricted Shares that are forfeited to the Company pursuant to Section 6 of this Agreement. Following the vesting of all 

Exhibit 10.21 
 Restricted Shares subject to this Agreement, or earlier, if requested by the Grantee, the Company shall issue an appropriate certificate for those Restricted Shares that have become vested. 
 4. Nontransferability of Restricted Shares . Until such time as the Restricted Shares become vested, the Grantee shall not have any right to sell, assign, transfer, pledge, hypothecate, or otherwise dispose of the Restricted Shares. The Grantee represents and warrants to the Company that he/she shall not sell, assign, transfer, pledge, hypothecate, or otherwise dispose of the Restricted Shares in violation of applicable securities laws, the Plan or the provisions of this Agreement.
 5. Vesting . The Grantee s interest in the Restricted Shares shall vest and become nonforfeitable as follows: Except as otherwise provided herein or in the Plan, the Grantee s interest in the Restricted Shares shall vest in 50 of the Restricted Shares on each of the first and second anniversaries of the Effective Date, provided that the Grantee is still employed by the Company.
 Notwithstanding the preceding paragraph of this Section 5, the Grantee s interest in the Restricted Shares not previously vested or forfeited shall become 100 vested upon the occurrence of a Change in Control (as defined in the Plan). 6. Forfeiture . Except as set forth herein or in the Plan, if the Grantee ceases to be an employee of the Company for any reason before becoming 100 vested in the Restricted Shares, the unvested portion of the Restricted Shares shall not vest, and the Grantee s interest in the unvested portion of the Restricted Shares shall be immediately forfeited effective as of the date of such termination of service.
 7. Voting and Other Rights . The Grantee shall have absolute beneficial ownership of the Restricted Shares, including the right to vote any and all Restricted Shares and to receive dividends or other distributions thereon, subject to the vesting restrictions set forth in Section 5, until the earlier of the date on which such Restricted Shares shall be forfeited as provided herein or the date on which the Grantee ceases to own such shares. 
 8. Grantee Representations . The Grantee represents and warrants to the Company that:
 (a) he/she is acquiring the Restricted Shares for his/her own account for investment and not with a view to or for resale in connection with any distribution of the Restricted Shares and that he/she has no present intention of distributing or reselling the Restricted Shares;
 (b) the certificate or certificates representing the Restricted Shares shall bear an appropriate legend relating to restrictions on transfer; and
 (c) he/she has not (a) directly or indirectly rendered services to or for an organization, or engaged in a business, that is, in the judgment of the Committee, in competition with the Company or (b) disclosed to anyone outside of the Company, or used for any purpose other than the Company s business, any confidential or proprietary information or material relating to the Company. 

Exhibit 10.21 
 9. Adjustments for Changes in Capitalization of the Company . In the event of any merger, reorganization, consolidation, recapitalization, separation, split-up, liquidation or other change affecting the Shares, an adjustment shall be made to the Restricted Shares to the extent provided under the terms of the Plan. 
 10. Securities Laws . The Grantee understands that applicable securities laws may restrict the right of the Grantee to dispose of any Restricted Shares which the Grantee may acquire hereunder and govern the manner in which such Restricted Shares may be sold. The Grantee shall not offer, sell or otherwise dispose of any of the Restricted Shares in any manner which would (a) require the Company to file any registration statement with the Securities Exchange Commission (the SEC ), (b) require the Company to amend or supplement any registration statement which the Company may at any time have on file with the SEC, or (c) violate the 1933 Act or any other state or federal law.
 11. Withholding Taxes . If the grant or other transfer of the Restricted Shares, or the vesting of the Restricted Shares, results in taxable compensation income to the Grantee, (i) if Grantee has executed the authorization set forth on Exhibit A attached hereto, or so notified the Company in writing at least 6 months prior to the vesting, the Grantee hereby authorizes the Company to transfer shares of stock from the Grantee to the Company in a number sufficient to satisfy Grantee s withholding tax obligation with respect to the vesting shares in the percentage specified by the Grantee, subject to a maximum of twenty-five percent (25 of the amount of such taxable compensation or such other percentage as may from time to time be specified or permitted by the Internal Revenue Service, or (ii) if Grantee has not executed such authorization or given such notice, collect any federal, state or local taxes from the Grantee by lump sum or installment payroll deduction(s) approved by the Finance Department or, if that is not possible or desirable, the Grantee agrees to make direct payment of the applicable taxes to the Company as provided in the Plan.
 12. Integration . This Agreement supersedes any and all prior and/or contemporaneous agreements, either oral or in writing, between the parties hereto, with respect to the subject matter hereof. Each party to this Agreement acknowledges that no representations, inducements, promises, or other agreements, oral or otherwise, have been made by any party, or anyone acting on behalf of any party, pertaining to the subject matter hereof, which are not embodied herein, and that no prior and/or contemporaneous agreement, statement or promise pertaining to the subject matter hereof that is not contained in this Agreement shall be valid or binding on either party.
 13. Impact of Agreement on Employment or Service . Nothing contained in this Agreement or the Plan shall restrict the right of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to terminate Grantee s employment or service at any time with or without Cause subject to any written employment agreement.
 14. Acknowledgments by Grantee . By signing this Agreement, the Grantee acknowledges that he/she (a) has received a copy of the Plan and is familiar with the terms and provisions of the Plan and the Agreement, and (b) agrees to accept as binding, conclusive and final all decisions and interpretations of the Company s Board of Directors and Committee upon any questions arising under the Plan or this Agreement.

Exhibit 10.21 
 15. Successors . This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of any successor of the Company and any successors, assigns or estate of the Grantee, including his/her executors, administrators and trustees.
 16. Amendment . No provision of this Agreement may be modified, waived or discharged unless such waiver, modification or discharge is in writing and signed by the party against whom such modification, waiver or discharge is sought to be enforced.
 17. Governing Law . The validity, interpretation, construction and performance of this Agreement will be governed by and construed in accordance with the substantive laws of the State of Indiana, without giving effect to the principles of conflict of laws of such State.
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company and the Grantee have executed this Agreement, effective on the date specified in the first paragraph hereof. GRANTEE Haynes International , INC. By: Participant_Name Company Officer 

Exhibit 10.23 
 STOCK POWER For Value Received, the undersigned hereby sells, assigns and transfers unto Haynes International, Inc., Number_of_Shares Typed_Number_of_Shares shares of common stock, 0.001 par value, of Haynes International, Inc. (the Company ), standing in his/her name on the books of the Company and does hereby irrevocably constitute and appoint the Secretary of the Company attorney-in-fact to transfer those shares on the books of the Company with full power of substitution in the premises. Dated and effective as of the day of , . By:_______________________________________ Participant_Name In the presence of: Witness Signature Witness Printed Name 

Exhibit 10.23 
 EXHIBIT A AUTHORIZATION The undersigned hereby authorizes and directs the Company to satisfy any withholding tax obligation that may arise in connection with the vesting of all restricted shares granted to me under the attached Restricted Stock Award Agreement by transferring to the Company shares of restricted stock having a fair market value (as determined in accordance with the Haynes International, Inc. 2020 Incentive Compensation Plan, as amended from time to time) CHOOSE your withholding (check one): Equal to the IRS statutory requirements for withholding; or Equal to ______ of the fair market value (as determined in accordance with the Plan) of the vesting shares ____________________________________ Participant_Name 

</EX-10.21>

<EX-23.1>
 7
 hayn-20210930xex23d1.htm
 EX-23.1

Exhibit 23.1 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM We consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statement Nos. 333-236760, 333-215172, 333-145499 and 333-134989 on Form S-8 of our report dated November 18, 2021, relating to the consolidated financial statements of Haynes International, Inc. and the effectiveness of Haynes International, Inc. s internal control over financial reporting, appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Haynes International, Inc. for the year ended September 30, 2021. /s/ Deloitte Touche LLP Indianapolis, IN November 18, 2021 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 8
 hayn-20210930xex31d1.htm
 EX-31.1

Exhibit 31.1 CERTIFICATIONS I, Michael L. Shor, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Haynes International, Inc.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statement made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the period presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal controls over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-159f) and 15(d)-15(f)) for the registrant and have: (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 18, 2021 /s/ Michael L. Shor Michael L. Shor President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 9
 hayn-20210930xex31d2.htm
 EX-31.2

Exhibit 31.2 CERTIFICATIONS I, Daniel W. Maudlin, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Haynes International, Inc.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statement made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the period presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal controls over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-159f) and 15(d)-15(f)) for the registrant and have: (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 18, 2021 /s/ Daniel W. Maudlin Daniel W. Maudlin Vice President of Finance and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 10
 hayn-20210930xex32d1.htm
 EX-32.1

Exhibit 32.1 Certifications Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 As Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002 I, Daniel W. Maudlin, the Vice President Finance and Chief Financial Officer of Haynes International, Inc., certify that (i) the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2021 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and (ii) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Haynes International, Inc. as of the dates and for the periods set forth therein. 999 

 Vice President Finance and Chief Financial Officer 

 /s/ Daniel W. Maudlin Daniel W. Maudlin Vice President Finance and Chief Financial Officer November 18, 2021 Date 
 I, Michael L. Shor, the President and Chief Executive Officer of Haynes International, Inc., certify that (i) the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2021 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and (ii) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Haynes International, Inc. as of the dates and for the periods set forth therein. 9 

 President and Chief Executive Officer 

 /s/ Michael L. Shor Michael L. Shor President and Chief Executive Officer November 18, 2021 Date 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 16
 hayn-20210930.xsd
 EX-101.SCH

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 18
 hayn-20210930_def.xml
 EX-101.DEF

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 19
 hayn-20210930_lab.xml
 EX-101.LAB

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 20
 hayn-20210930_pre.xml
 EX-101.PRE

</EX-101.PRE>

