<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20211119_10-K_edgar_data_1057060_0001564590-21-057762.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>18379772</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>575601</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>3878613</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>6982732</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2129530</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>4480949</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>14</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001564590-21-057762.hdr.sgml : 20211119
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20211119160115
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001564590-21-057762
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		125
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20210930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20211119
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20211119

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			MARINEMAX INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001057060
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RETAIL-AUTO & HOME SUPPLY STORES [5531]
		IRS NUMBER:				593496957
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0930

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-14173
		FILM NUMBER:		211428278

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2600 MCCORMICK DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE200
		CITY:			CLEARWATER
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33759
		BUSINESS PHONE:		8135318150

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2600 MCCORMICK DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE200
		CITY:			CLEARWATER
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33759

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001564590-21-057762.txt : 20211119

10-K
 1
 hzo-10k_20210930.htm
 10-K

hzo-10k_20210930.htm

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, DC 20549 

Form 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

 For the fiscal year ended 
 Commission File Number 

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) 

(State of Incorporation) 

(I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, 
 ) 
 (Address, including zip code, and telephone number, including area code, of principal executive offices) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of Each Class 
 
 Trading Symbol 
 
 Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 
 None 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of 
 the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 
 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant (21,629,303 shares) based on the closing price of the registrant s common stock as reported on the New York Stock Exchange on March 31, 2021, which was the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, was . For purposes of this computation, all officers and directors of the registrant are deemed to be affiliates. Such determination should not be deemed to be an admission that such officers and directors are, in fact, affiliates of the registrant. 
 As of November 15, 2021, there were outstanding shares of the registrant s common stock, par value .001 per share. 
 Documents Incorporated by Reference 
 Portions of the registrant s definitive proxy statement for the 2022 Annual Meeting of Shareholders are incorporated by reference into Part III of this report. 

MARINEMAX, INC. 
 ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K 
 Fiscal Year Ended September 30, 2021 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PART I 

Item 1 

Business 
 
 1 

Item 1A 

Risk Factors 
 
 16 

Item 1B 

Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 28 

Item 2 

Properties 
 
 29 

Item 3 

Legal Proceedings 
 
 33 

Item 4 

Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 33 

PART II 

Item 5 

Market for the Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 33 

Item 6 

Selected Financial Data 
 
 35 

Item 7 

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 36 

Item 7A 

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 
 43 

Item 8 

Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 43 

Item 9 

Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 43 

Item 9A 

Controls and Procedures 
 
 43 

Item 9B 

Other Information 
 
 47 

PART III 

Item 10 

Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 47 

Item 11 

Executive Compensation 
 
 47 

Item 12 

Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 47 

Item 13 

Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 
 47 

Item 14 

Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 
 47 

PART IV 

Item 15 

Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 47 

Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Information 
 The statements contained in this report on Form 10-K that are not purely historical are forward-looking statements within the meaning of applicable securities laws. Forward-looking statements include statements regarding our expectations, anticipations, intentions, plans, beliefs, or strategies regarding the future. Forward-looking statements also include statements regarding revenue, margins, expenses, and earnings for fiscal 2022 and thereafter our belief that our practices enhance our ability to attract more customers, foster an overall enjoyable boating experience, and offer boat manufacturers stable and professional retail distribution and a broad geographic presence our assessment of our competitive advantages, including our hassle-free sales approach, prime retail locations, premium product offerings, extensive facilities, strong management and team members, and emphasis on customer service and satisfaction before and after a boat sale our belief that our core values of customer service and satisfaction and our strategies for growth and enhancing our business, including without limitation, our acquisition strategies and pursuit of contract manufacturing and vertical integration, will enable us to achieve success and long-term growth as economic conditions continue to recover our belief that our retailing strategies are aligned with the desires of consumers and the scope and duration of the COVID-19 pandemic and its impact on global economic systems, our employees, sites, operations, customers, suppliers and supply chain, managing growth effectively. All forward-looking statements included in this report are based on information available to us as of the filing date of this report, and we assume no obligation to update any such forward-looking statements. Our actual results could differ materially from the forward-looking statements. Among the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially are the factors discussed under Item 1A, Risk Factors. 
 
 Unless expressly indicated or the context requires otherwise, the terms MarineMax, Company, we, us, and our in this document refer to MarineMax, Inc. and its subsidiaries. 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 
 Business 

 Introduction 
 Our Company 
 We believe we are the largest recreational boat and yacht retailer and superyacht services company in the world. Through our current 79 retail locations in 21 states, we sell new and used recreational boats and related marine products, including engines, trailers, parts, and accessories. We also arrange related boat financing, insurance, and extended service contracts provide boat repair and maintenance services offer yacht and boat brokerage sales and, where available, offer slip and storage accommodations. In the British Virgin Islands we offer the charter of power catamarans, through MarineMax Vacations. We also own Fraser Yachts Group and Northrop & Johnson, leading superyacht brokerage and luxury yacht services companies, with operations in multiple countries . We also own Cruisers Yachts, a manufacturer of sport yacht and yachts with sales through our select retail dealership locations and through independent dealers, and is recognized as one of the world s premier manufacturers of premium sport yacht and yachts. 
 Effective May 2, 2021, our reportable segments changed as a result of the Company s acquisition of Cruisers Yachts, which changed management s reporting structure and operating activities. We now report our operations through two new reportable segments: Retail Operations and Product Manufacturing. 
 As of September 30, 2021, the Retail Operations segment includes the activity of 77 retail locations in Alabama, California, Connecticut, Florida, Georgia, Illinois, Maryland, Massachusetts, Michigan, Minnesota, Missouri, New Jersey, New York, North Carolina, Ohio, Oklahoma, Rhode Island, South Carolina, Texas, Washington and Wisconsin, where we sell new and used recreational boats, including pleasure and fishing boats, with a focus on premium brands in each segment. We also sell related marine products, including engines, trailers, parts, and accessories. In addition, we provide repair, maintenance, and slip and storage services we arrange related boat financing, insurance, and extended service contracts we offer boat and yacht brokerage sales yacht charter services. In the British Virgin Islands we offer the charter of power catamarans, through MarineMax Vacations . Fraser Yachts Group and Northrop & Johnson, leading superyacht brokerage and luxury yacht services companies with operations in multiple countries, are also included in this segment. 
 As of September 30, 2021, the Product Manufacturing segment includes activity of Cruisers Yachts, a wholly-owned MarineMax subsidiary, manufacturing sport yacht and yachts with sales through our select retail dealership locations and through independent dealers. Cruisers Yachts is recognized as one of the world s premier manufacturers of premium sport yacht and yachts, producing models from 33 to 60 feet. 
 In November 2021, we acquired Intrepid Powerboats Intrepid ), a premier manufacturer of powerboats, and Texas MasterCraft, a premier watersports dealer in Northern Texas. Intrepid is recognized as a world class producer of customized boats, carefully reflecting the unique desires of each individual owner. Texas Mastercraft specializes in ski and wakeboard boats. The activity of Intrepid will be included in our Product Manufacturing segment. The activity of Texas MasterCraft will be included in our Retail Operations segment. 
 We are the largest retailer of Sea Ray and Boston Whaler recreational boats which are manufactured by Brunswick Corporation Brunswick ). Sales of new Brunswick boats accounted for approximately 27 of our revenue in fiscal 2021. Sales of new Sea Ray and Boston Whaler boats, both divisions of Brunswick, accounted for approximately 11 and 13 , respectively, of our revenue in fiscal 2021. Brunswick is a world leading manufacturer of marine products and marine engines. We have agreements with Brunswick covering Sea Ray products and Boston Whaler products and are the exclusive dealer of Sea Ray and Boston Whaler boats in almost all of our geographic markets. Additionally, we are the exclusive dealer for Harris aluminum boats, a division of Brunswick, in many of our geographic markets. We also are the exclusive dealer for Italy-based Azimut-Benetti Group, or Azimut, for Azimut and Benetti mega-yachts, yachts, and other recreational boats for the United States. Sales of new Azimut boats and yachts accounted for approximately 10 of our revenue in fiscal 2021. Additionally, we are the exclusive dealer for certain other premium brands that serve certain industry segments in our markets as shown by the table on page three. 
 We also are involved in other boating-related activities. We sell used boats at our retail locations, online, and at various third-party marinas and other offsite locations we sell marine engines and propellers, primarily to our retail customers as replacements for their existing engines and propellers we sell a broad variety of parts and accessories at our retail locations and at various offsite locations, and through our print catalog we offer maintenance, repair, and slip and storage services at most of our retail locations we offer finance and insurance products at most of our retail locations and at various offsite locations and to our customers and independent boat dealers and brokers we offer boat and yacht brokerage sales at most of our retail locations and at various offsite locations and we conduct a charter business, which is based in the British Virgin Islands, in which we offer customers the opportunity to charter third-party and Company owned power catamarans. 
 1 
 
 From March 2020 through June 2020, we temporarily closed certain departments or locations based on guidance from local government or health officials as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. We are following guidelines to ensure we are safely operating as recommended. As the COVID-19 pandemic is complex and evolving rapidly with many unknowns, the Company will continue to monitor ongoing developments and respond accordingly. Management expects its business, across all of its geographies, will be impacted to some degree, but the significance of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the Company s business and the duration for which it may have an impact cannot be determined at this time. 
 MarineMax commenced operations as a result of the March 1, 1998 acquisition of five previously independent recreational boat dealers. Since that time, we have acquired 32 additional previously independent recreational boat dealers, multiple marinas, four boat brokerage operations, two superyacht service companies, two full-service yacht repair operations, and two boat and yacht manufacturers. We attempt to capitalize on the experience and success of the acquired companies in order to establish a high standard of customer service and responsiveness in the highly fragmented retail boating industry. As a result of our emphasis on premium brand boats, our average selling price for a new boat in fiscal 2021 was approximately 227,000, a slight increase from approximately 215,000 in fiscal 2020, compared with the industry average selling price for calendar 2020 of approximately 60,000 based on industry data published by the National Marine Manufacturers Association. We consider a store to be one or more retail locations that are adjacent or operate as one entity or a superyacht services region. Our same-store sales increased 1 in fiscal 2019, increased 25 in fiscal 2020 and increased 13 in fiscal 2021. 
 The U.S. recreational boating industry generated approximately 49.4 billion in retail sales in calendar 2020, which is above the former peak of 43.1 billion in calendar 2019. Total powerboats sold in calendar 2020 were approximately 230,450 units as compared to 201,400 units sold in calendar 2019. The retail sales include sales of new and used boats marine products, such as engines, trailers, equipment, and accessories and related expenditures, such as fuel, insurance, docking, storage, and repairs. Retail sales of new and used boats, engines, trailers, and accessories accounted for approximately 40.0 billion of these sales in 2020 based on industry data from the National Marine Manufacturers Association. The highly-fragmented retail boating industry generally consists of small dealers that operate in a single market and provide varying degrees of merchandising, professional management, and customer service. We believe that many small dealers find it increasingly difficult to make the managerial and capital commitments necessary to achieve higher customer service levels and upgrade systems and facilities as required by boat manufacturers and often demanded by customers. We also believe that many dealers lack an exit strategy for their owners. We believe these factors contribute to our opportunity to gain a competitive advantage in current and future markets, through market expansions and acquisitions. 
 Material Updates to Our Strategy 
 Since the last discussion of our strategy in our Form 10-K for our fiscal year ended September 30, 2020, our primary goal remains to enhance our position as the leading recreational boat and yacht retailer. In addition, we have broadened our strategy, including through our recent acquisitions of Fraser Yachts Group, Northrop & Johnson, Skipper Marine Holdings, Inc. and certain affiliates (collectively, "SkipperBud s"), KCS International Holdings, Inc. and certain affiliates ("Cruisers Yachts"), Intrepid, and Texas MasterCraft. Our acquisition of Fraser Yachts Group, Northrop & Johnson and SkipperBud s, increases our superyacht brokerage and luxury yacht services and marina/storage services. Our acquisition of Cruisers Yachts provides us a premium, American built sport yacht and yachts for our product portfolio. Prior to the acquisition, we were a dealer for Cruiser Yachts. Cruisers Yachts also operates through independent dealers and is recognized as one of the world s premier manufacturers of premium sport yacht and yachts. Our goal is that this broadening of our strategy will potentially increase our margins while providing better services to our customers. 
 In addition, we continue to broaden and strengthen our digital initiatives. Our digital services are always available and offer our full selection of boats, yachts and charters, as well as our expert team to answer customers questions and help them find a boat virtually. Additionally, our Boatyard digital platform allows marine businesses effective and customized digital solutions delivering great customer experiences by enabling customers to interact through a personalized experience tailored to their needs. 
 Development of the Company Expansion of Business 
 Since our initial acquisitions in March 1998, we have acquired 32 additional previously independent recreational boat dealers, multiple marinas, four boat brokerage operations, two superyacht service companies, two full-service yacht repair operations, and two boat and yacht manufacturers. Acquired dealers operate under the MarineMax name. 
 We continually attempt to enhance our business by providing a full range of services, offering extensive and high-quality product lines, maintaining prime retail locations, pursuing the MarineMax One Price hassle-free sales approach, and emphasizing a high level of customer service and satisfaction. 
 We also from time to time evaluate opportunities to expand our operations by potentially acquiring recreational boat dealers to expand our geographic scope, expanding our product lines, opening new retail locations within or outside our existing territories, and offering new products and services for our customers and by potentially acquiring companies to pursue contract manufacturing or vertical integration strategies. 
 2 
 
 Apart from acquisitions and our superyacht service locations , we have opened 35 new retail locations in existing territories, excluding those opened on a temporary basis for a specific purpose. We also monitor the performance of our retail locations and close retail locations that do not meet our expectations. Based on these factors and previous depressed economic conditions, we have closed 7 5 retail locations since March 1998 which includes the 2008 financial crisis , excluding those opened on a temporar y basis for a specific purpose and including 10 dur ing the last three fiscal years. 
 
 The following table sets forth information regarding the businesses that we have acquired and their geographic regions since fiscal year 2011. 

Acquired Companies 

Acquisition Date 

Geographic Region 

Treasure Island Marina, LLC 

February 2011 

Florida Panhandle 

Bassett Marine, LLC 

September 2012 

Connecticut, Rhode Island and Western Massachusetts 

Parker Boat Company 

March 2013 

Central Florida 

Ocean Alexander Yachts 

April 2014 

Eastern United States 

Bahia Mar Marina 

January 2016 

Florida Panhandle 

Russo Marine 

April 2016 

Eastern Massachusetts and Rhode Island 

Hall Marine Group 

January 2017 

North Carolina, South Carolina and Georgia 

Island Marine Center 

January 2018 

New Jersey 

Tera Miranda 

April 2018 

Oklahoma 

Bay Pointe Marina 

September 2018 

Massachusetts 

Sail & Ski Center 

April 2019 

Texas 

Fraser Yachts Group 

July 2019 

Worldwide 

Boatyard, Inc. 

February 2020 

Worldwide 

Northrop & Johnson 

July 2020 

Worldwide 

Private Insurance Services 

July 2020 

Worldwide 

SkipperBud s & Silver Seas Yachts 

October 2020 

Great Lakes region and West Coast United States 

Cruisers Yachts 

May 2021 

Worldwide 

Nisswa Marine 

July 2021 

Minnesota 

Intrepid 

November 2021 

Worldwide 

Texas MasterCraft 

November 2021 

Texas 

3 

In addition to acquiring recreational boat dealers, superyacht service companies, boat manufacturers, and opening new retail locations, we also add new product lines to expand our operations. The following table sets forth certain of our current product lines that we have added to our existing locations during the years indicated. 

Product Line 

Fiscal Year 

Current Geographic Regions 

Boston Whaler 

1998 

West Central Florida, Stuart, Florida, and Dallas, Texas 

Grady-White 

2002 

Houston, Texas 

Boston Whaler 

2004-2005 

North and South Carolina (2004), Houston, Texas (2005) 

Azimut 

2006 

Northeast United States from Maryland to Maine 

Grady-White 

2006-2010 

Pensacola, Florida (2006), Jacksonville, Florida (2010) 

Azimut 

2008 

Florida 

Boston Whaler 

2009-2012 

Southwest Florida (2009), Pompano Beach, Florida (2012) 

Harris 

2010 

Missouri, Minnesota, and New Jersey 

Nautique by Correct Craft 

2010 

West Central Florida and Minnesota 

Harris 

2011-2012 

West Central Florida (2011), Alabama (2012), North and Southwest Florida (2012), and Texas (2012) 

Crest 

2011-2018 

Georgia (2011), Oklahoma (2012), North Carolina and South Carolina (2012), New Jersey (2015), Florida (2018) 

Azimut 

2012 

United States other than where previously held 

Scout 

2012 

Southeast Florida, Maryland, and New Jersey 

Sailfish 

2013 

Connecticut, New Jersey, North Carolina, Ohio, and Rhode Island 

Ocean Alexander Yachts 

2014 

Eastern United States 

Scout 

2014 

Texas, New York 

Aquila 

2014 

Worldwide, excluding China 

Galeon 

2015 

North America, Central America, and South America 

Grady-White 

2016 

Miami, Florida 

Yamaha Jet Boats 

2017 

Georgia, North Carolina, and South Carolina 

Bennington 

2017 

South Carolina 

Mastercraft 

2018-2021 

South Carolina (2018), Wisconsin and Illinois (2021) 

NauticStar 

2018 

Panama City, Florida, Oklahoma, Missouri, Minnesota, North Carolina and South Carolina 

Tig 

2018-2019 

Orlando, Florida, Oklahoma, Georgia, and North Carolina 

Benetti 

2019 

United States and Canada 

Aviara 

2019 

United States 

MJM Yachts 

2019 

Florida 

ATX Surf Boats 

2020 

Orlando, Florida, Oklahoma, Georgia, and North Carolina 

Barletta 

2021 

Wisconsin, Illinois, Detroit, and Michigan 

Four Winns 

2021 

Wisconsin, Illinois, Ohio and Detroit, Michigan 

Harris 

2021 

Wisconsin, Illinois, Grand Rapids, Michigan and Ohio 

Sea Ray 

2021 

Wisconsin, Illinois, Michigan, and Ohio 

Starcraft 

2021 

Wisconsin, Illinois & Michigan 

Sylvan 

2021 

Wisconsin, Illinois, & Eastern Michigan 

Tiara 

2021 

Wisconsin, Illinois, Michigan, California & Ohio 

Princess 

2021 

California and Seattle, Washington 

Cruisers Yachts (1) 

2021 

Worldwide 

Intrepid (1) 

2022 

Worldwide 

Mastercraft 

2022 

North Texas 

(1) 
 
 Product line owned by MarineMax 

We add brands with the intent to either offer a migration path for our existing customer base or fill a gap in our product offerings. As a result, we believe that new brands we offer are generally complementary and do not negatively impact the business generated from our other prominent brands. We also discontinue offering product lines from time to time, primarily based upon customer preferences. 
 We strive to maintain our core values of high customer service and satisfaction and plan to continue to pursue strategies that we believe will enable us to achieve long-term success and growth. We believe our expanded product offerings have strengthened our 
 4 
 
 same-store sales growth. We plan to further expand our business through both acquisitions in new territories and new store openings in existing territories. In addition, we plan to continue to expand our other traditional services, including conducting used boat sales at our retail locations, at offsite locations, and digitally selling related marine products, including engines, trailers, parts, and accessories at our retail locations and at various offsite locations providing maintenance, repair, and storage services at most of our retail locations offering our customers the ability to finance new or used boat purchases and to purchase extended service contracts and arrange insurance coverage, including boat property, disability, undercoating, gel sealant, fabric protection, and casualty insurance coverage offering boat and yacht brokerage sales at most of our retail locations and at various offsite locations offering boat storage conducting our yacht charter business and manufacturing sport yacht and yachts . Our expansion plans will depend, in large part, upon economic and industry conditions. 
 U.S. Recreational Boating Industry 
 The U.S. recreational boating industry generated approximately 49.4 billion in retail sales in calendar 2020, which is above the former peak of 43.1 billion in calendar 2019. The retail sales include sales of new and used recreational boats marine products, such as engines, trailers, parts, and accessories and related boating expenditures, such as fuel, insurance, docking, storage, and repairs. Retail sales of new and used boats, engines, trailers, equipment, and accessories accounted for approximately 40.0 billion of such sales in calendar 2020. Total powerboats sold in calendar 2020 were approximately 230,450 units as compared to 201,400 units sold in calendar 2019. To provide historical perspective, annual retail recreational boating sales were 17.9 billion in 1988, but declined to a low of 10.3 billion in 1992 based on industry data published by the National Marine Manufacturers Association. We believe this decline was attributable to several factors, including a recession, the Gulf War, and the imposition throughout 1991 and 1992 of a luxury tax on boats sold at prices in excess of 100,000. The luxury tax was repealed in 1993, and retail boating sales increased each year thereafter except for 1998, 2003, and 2007 through 2010. We believe recreational boating has a natural appeal to consumers, along with other outdoor activities, and will continue to grow in favorable economic conditions absent any unusual industry headwinds (see Risk Factors). 
 The recreational boat retail market remains highly fragmented with little consolidation having occurred to date and consists of numerous boat retailers, most of which are small companies owned by individuals that operate in a single market and provide varying degrees of merchandising, professional management, and customer service. We believe that many boat retailers are encountering increased pressure from boat manufacturers to improve their levels of service and systems, increased competition from larger national retailers in certain product lines, and, in certain cases, business succession issues. 
 Products and Services 
 We offer new and used recreational boats and related marine products, including engines, trailers, parts, and accessories. While we sell a broad range of new and used boats, we focus on premium brand products. In addition, we assist in arranging related boat financing, insurance, and extended service contracts provide boat maintenance and repair services offer slip and storage accommodations provide boat and yacht brokerage sales and conduct a yacht charter business. 
 New Boat Sales 
 We primarily sell recreational boats, including pleasure boats and fishing boats. A number of the products we offer are manufactured by Brunswick, a leading worldwide manufacturer of recreational boats and yachts, including Sea Ray pleasure boats, Boston Whaler fishing boats, and Harris aluminum boats. Sales of new Brunswick boats accounted for approximately 27 of our revenue in fiscal 2021. Sales of new Sea Ray and Boston Whaler boats accounted for approximately 11 and 13 , respectively, of our revenue in fiscal 2021. Certain of our dealerships also sell luxury yachts, fishing boats, and pontoon boats provided by other manufacturers, including Italy-based Azimut. Sales of new Azimut boats and yachts accounted for approximately 10 of our revenue in fiscal 2021. Cruisers Yachts, a wholly-owned MarineMax subsidiary, manufactures sport yacht and yachts with sales through our select retail dealership locations and through independent dealers. During fiscal 2021, new boat sales including sales of Cruisers Yachts accounted for approximately 70.5 or 1.455 billion of our revenue. 
 We offer recreational boats in most market segments, but have a particular focus on premium quality pleasure boats and yachts as reflected by our fiscal 2021 average new boat sales price of approximately 227,000 a slight increase from approximately 215,000 in fiscal 2020, compared with an estimated industry average selling price for calendar 2020 of approximately 60,000 based on industry data published by the National Marine Manufacturers Association. Given our locations in some of the more affluent, offshore-oriented boating areas in the United States and emphasis on high levels of customer service, we sell a relatively higher percentage of large recreational boats, such as mega-yachts, yachts, and sport cruisers. We believe that the product lines we offer are among the highest quality within their respective market segments, with well-established trade-name recognition and reputations for quality, performance, and style. 
 5 
 
 The following table is illustrative of the range and approximate manufacturer suggested retail price range of new boats that we currently offer, but is not all inclusive. 

Product Line and Trade Name 

Overall Length 

Manufacturer Suggested 
 Retail Price Range 

Motor Yachts 

Azimut 

40 to 120 + 

800,000 to 16,000,000+ 

Ocean Alexander Yachts 

45 to 155 + 

1,500,000 to 35,000,000+ 

Benetti 

30M to 145M 

12,000,000 to 24,000,000+ 

Princess 

35' to 95' 

700,000 to 10,000,000 

Pleasure Boats 

Sea Ray 

19 to 40 

30,000 to 800,000+ 

Aquila 

32 to 48 

400,000 to 1,200,000 

Galeon 

40 to 80 

750,000 to 6,000,000+ 

NauticStar 

19 to 32 

30,000 to 300,000 

MJM Yachts 

35 to 50 + 

800,000 to 2,000,000+ 

Aviara 

32 to 40 

400,000 to 800,000+ 

Cruisers Yachts (1) 

33 to 60 

300,000 to 2,500,000+ 

Tiara 

34' to 53' 

400,000 to 2,500,000 

Four Winns 

19' to 35' 

45,000 to 550,000 

Intrepid (1) 

25' to 48' 

200,000 to 1,500,000 

Pontoon Boats 

Harris 

18 to 27 

25,000 to 250,000 

Crest 

20 to 27 

40,000 to 175,000 

Bennington 

17 to 25 

20,000 to 250,000 

Barletta 

20' to 28' 

60,000 to 250,000 

Starcraft 

18' to 25' 

25,000 to 100,000 

Sylvan 

18' to 25' 

25,000 to 100,000 

Fishing Boats 

Boston Whaler 

11 to 42 

12,000 to 1,200,000 

Grady White 

18 to 45 

40,000 to 1,200,000 

Scout 

17 to 53 

20,000 to 2,700,000 

Sailfish 

19 to 36 

35,000 to 500,000 

Ski Boats 

Nautique by Correct Craft 

20 to 25 

80,000 to 325,000 

Tig 

20 to 25 

80,000 to 180,000 

ATX Surf Boats 

20 to 24 

70,000 to 150,000 

Mastercraft 

20 to 26 

70,000 to 250,000 

Jet Boats 

Yamaha Jet Boats 

19 to 24 

30,000 to 80,000 

(1) 
 
 Product line owned by MarineMax 

Motor Yachts . Ocean Alexander Yachts, Azimut, Benetti, and Princess are four of the world s premier yacht builders. The motor yacht product lines typically include state-of-the-art designs with live-aboard luxuries. Azimut yachts are known for their Americanized open layout with Italian design and powerful performance. The luxurious interiors of Azimut yachts are accented by windows and multiple accommodations that have been designed for comfort. Ocean Alexander Yachts are known for their excellent engineering, performance, and functionality combined with luxuries typically found on larger mega yachts. Benetti yachts and mega yachts are known for maintaining the highest quality standards with excellent aesthetic and functional results as well as combining the finest Italian tradition and craftsmanship with the latest technology. Princess yachts are a leading British luxury yacht manufacturer with meticulous attention to detail, design, and exhilarating performance. 
 Pleasure Boats . Sea Ray pleasure boats target both the luxury and the family recreational boating markets and come in a variety of configurations to suit each customer s particular recreational boating style. Sea Ray pleasure boats feature custom instrumentation that may include an electronics package various hull, deck, and cockpit designs that can include a swim platform bow pulpit and raised bridge and various amenities, such as swivel bucket helm seats, lounge seats, sun pads, wet bars, built-in ice chests, and refreshment centers. Most Sea Ray pleasure boats feature Mercury or MerCruiser engines. Galeon specializes in luxury yacht and 
 6 
 
 motorboats with over thirty years of experience. Galeon is one of Europe s leading and premier boat manufacturers. We believe Galeon yachts combine the latest technology , hand crafted excellence, excellent attention to detail, superb performance, and great innovative designs with modern styling and convenience. Aquila power catamarans provide form, function, and offer practicality and comfort with trend setting innovation. We believe NauticStar provides sport deck boats that combine comfort, features, economy, and versatility that mak e Nau ticStar a popular choice among experienced boaters. MJM Yachts combine speed, performance, greater stability, innovative designs and layouts, along with comforts and space for entertaining in addition to a paten t protected MJM signature look. Aviara is the newest brand manufactured by MasterCraft focused on the production of vessels 30-feet and over with the goal of creating an elevated open water experience by fusing progressive style, effortless comfort, and modern luxury . Cruisers Yachts is owned by MarineMax and is continuously building world-class, innovative, quality, hand-crafted, American made sport yacht and yachts with the stylish and luxurious Cantius series of boats as well as sleek and powerful outboard models. Tiara Yachts manufactures handcrafted, American-made luxury yachts designed for performance and comfort. Four Winns manufactures quality runabouts, bowriders, yachts and tow sport boats. Intrepid uses advanced composite construction to make each boat unique to its owner as well as stronger, faster and more fuel-efficient to deliver a safe, smooth, dry ride on the water. 
 Pontoon Boats . Harris is a pontoon industry leader and offers a variety of some of the most innovative, luxurious, and premium pontoon models to fit boaters needs. Harris is known for exceptional performance combined with a stable and safe platform. Crest provides a variety of pontoon models that are designed to provide extreme levels of quality, safety, style and comfort to meet family recreational needs. Bennington offers what we believe to be industry leading design, meticulous craftsmanship, and a quiet, smooth, ride. Barletta offers quality construction, simple yet refined models, and customer focused amenities. Starcraft is a leading boat manufacturer with a long history of continuous improvements to fiberglass hull design and a dedication to providing exciting pontoon, runabouts, and deck boat models for families and watersport enthusiasts. Sylvan builds quality, innovative, high performance pontoon boats. With a variety of designs and options, the pontoon boats we offer appeal to a broad audience of pontoon boat enthusiasts and existing customers. 
 Fishing Boats . The fishing boats we offer, such as Boston Whaler, Grady-White, Scout, and Sailfish, range from entry level models to advanced models designed for fishing and water sports in lakes, bays, and off-shore waters, with cabins with limited live-aboard capability. The fishing boats typically feature livewells, in-deck fishboxes, rodholders, rigging stations, cockpit coaming pads, and fresh and saltwater washdowns. 
 Ski Boats . The ski boats we offer are Nautique by Correct Craft, Tig , ATX Surf Boats, and Mastercraft, which range from entry level models to advanced models and all of which are designed to achieve an ultimate wake for increased skiing, surfing, and wakeboarding performance and safety. With a variety of designs and options, Nautique, Tig , ATX Surf Boats, and Mastercraft ski boats appeal to the competitive and recreational user alike. 
 Jet Boats . Yamaha jet boats are designed to offer a reliable, high performing, internal propulsion system with superior handling. Yamaha is a worldwide leader in jet boats. With a variety of designs and options, the jet boats we offer appeal to a broad audience of jet boat enthusiasts and existing customers. 
 Used Boat Sales 
 We sell used versions of the new makes and models we offer and, to a lesser extent, used boats of other makes and models generally taken as trade-ins. During fiscal 2021, used boat sales accounted for 10.9 or approximately 224.9 million of our revenue, and 29.0 of the used boats we sold were Brunswick models. 
 Our used boat sales depend on our ability to source a supply of high-quality used boats at attractive prices. We acquire substantially all of our used boat inventory through customer trade-ins. We strive to increase our used boat business through the availability of quality used boat trade-ins generated from our new boat sales efforts, which are well-maintained through our service initiatives. Additionally, substantially all of our used boat inventory is posted on our digital properties, which expands the awareness and availability of our products to a large audience of boating enthusiasts. We also sell used boats at various marinas and other offsite locations throughout the country. 
 To further enhance our used boat sales, we offer extended warranty plans generally available for used boats less than nine years old. The extended warranty plans apply to each qualifying used boat, which has passed a 48-point inspection, and provides protection against failure of most mechanical parts for up to three years. We believe this type of program enhances our sales of used boats by motivating purchasers of used boats to complete their purchases through our dealerships. 
 Marine Engines, Related Marine Equipment, and Boating Parts and Accessories 
 We offer marine engines and equipment, predominantly manufactured by Mercury Marine, a division of Brunswick, and Yamaha. We sell marine engines and propellers primarily to retail customers as replacements for their existing engines or propellers. Mercury Marine and Yamaha have introduced various new engine models that are designed to reduce engine emissions to comply with current United States Environmental Protection Agency EPA requirements. See Business Governmental Regulations, including Environmental Regulations. Industry leaders, Mercury Marine and Yamaha, specialize in state-of-the-art marine propulsion 
 7 
 
 systems and accessories. Many of our dealerships have been recognized by Mercury Marine as Premier Service Dealers . This designation is generally awarded based on meeting certain standards and qualifications. 
 We also sell a broad variety of marine parts and accessories at our retail locations, at various offsite locations, and through our print catalog. These marine parts and accessories include marine electronics dock and anchoring products, such as boat fenders, lines, and anchors boat covers trailer parts water sport accessories, such as tubes, lines, wakeboards, and skis engine parts oils lubricants steering and control systems corrosion control products and service products high-performance accessories, such as propellers and instruments and a complete line of boating accessories, including life jackets, inflatables, and water sports equipment. We also offer novelty items, such as shirts, caps, and license plates bearing the manufacturer s or dealer s logos. In all of our parts and accessories business, we utilize our industry knowledge and experience to offer boating enthusiasts high-quality products with which we have experience. 
 The sale of marine engines, related marine equipment, and boating parts and accessories, which are all tangible products, accounted for approximately 3.2 or 66.8 million of our fiscal 2021 revenue. 
 Maintenance, Repair, and Storage Services 
 Providing customers with professional, prompt maintenance and repair services is critical to our sales efforts and contributes to our success. We provide maintenance and repair services at most of our retail locations, with extended service hours at certain of our locations. In addition, in many of our markets, we provide mobile maintenance and repair services at the location of the customer s boat. We believe that this service commitment is a competitive advantage in the markets in which we compete and is critical to our efforts to provide a trouble-free boating experience. To further this commitment, in certain of our markets, we have opened stand-alone maintenance and repair facilities in locations that are more convenient for our customers and that increase the availability of such services. We also believe that our maintenance and repair services contribute to strong customer relationships and that our emphasis on preventative maintenance and quality service increases the potential supply of well-maintained boats for our used boat sales. 
 We perform both warranty and non-warranty repair services, with the cost of warranty work reimbursed by the manufacturer in accordance with the manufacturer s warranty reimbursement program. For warranty work, most manufacturers, including Brunswick, reimburse a percentage of the dealer s posted service labor rates, with the percentage varying depending on the dealer s customer satisfaction index rating and attendance at service training courses. We derive the majority of our warranty revenue from Brunswick products, as Brunswick products comprise the largest percentage of our products sold. Certain other manufacturers reimburse warranty work at a fixed amount per repair. Because boat manufacturers permit warranty work to be performed only at authorized dealerships, we receive substantially all of the warranted maintenance and repair work required for the new boats we sell. The third-party extended warranty contracts we offer also result in an ongoing demand for our maintenance and repair services for the duration of the term of the extended warranty contract. 
 Our maintenance and repair services are performed by manufacturer-trained and certified service technicians. In charging for our mechanics labor, many of our dealerships use a variable rate structure designed to reflect the difficulty and sophistication of different types of repairs. The percentage markups on parts are similarly based on manufacturer suggested prices and market conditions for different parts. 
 At many of our locations, we offer boat storage services, including in-water slip storage and inside and outside land storage. These storage services are offered at competitive market rates and include both in-season and out-of-season storage. 
 Maintenance, repair, and storage services accounted for approximately 5.6 or 114.6 million of our revenue during fiscal 2021 of which, approximately 3.3 or 67.5 million related to repair services, approximately 0.8 or 15.5 million related to parts and accessories for repairs, and approximately 1.5 or 31.6 million related to income from storage service rentals. This includes warranty and non-warranty services. 
 F&I Products 
 At each of our retail locations and at various offsite locations where applicable, we offer our customers the ability to finance new or used boat purchases and to purchase extended service contracts and arrange insurance coverage, including boat property, disability, undercoating, gel sealant, fabric protection, and casualty insurance coverage (collectively, F&I ). We have relationships with various national marine product lenders under which the lenders purchase retail installment contracts evidencing retail sales of boats and other marine products that are originated by us in accordance with existing pre-sale agreements between us and the lenders. These arrangements permit us to receive a portion of the finance charges expected to be earned on the retail installment contract based on a variety of factors, including the credit standing of the buyer, the annual percentage rate of the contract charged to the buyer, and the lender s then current minimum required annual percentage rate charged to the buyer on the contract. This participation is subject to repayment by us if the buyer prepays the contract or defaults within a designated time period, usually 0 to 180 days. To the extent required by applicable state law, our dealerships are licensed to originate and sell retail installment contracts financing the sale of boats and other marine products. 
 8 
 
 We also offer third-party extended service contracts under which, for a predetermined price, we provide all designated services pursuant to the service contract guidelines during the contract term at no additional charge to the customer above a deductible. While we sell all new boats with the boat manufacturer s standard hull and engine warranty, extended service contracts provide additional coverage beyond the time frame or scope of the manufacturer s warranty. Purchasers of used boats generally are able to purchase an extended service contract, even if the selected boat is no longer covered by the manufacturer s warranty. Generally, we receive a fee for arranging an extended service contract. Most required services under the contracts are provided by us and paid for by the third-party contract holder. Beginning in fiscal 2021, we have partnered with a third-party F&I product provider to offer prepaid maintenance plans for select, new models. 
 We also are able to assist our customers with obtaining property and casualty insurance which covers loss or damage to the vessel. Our specialty yacht insurance agency, Private Insurance Services, provides worldwide yacht insurance programs for brokerage houses, yacht management groups, and maritime attorneys. Private Insurance Services utilizes expertise in complex underwriting, including understanding the exposure of an owner, captain, crew, guests, tenders and navigation to provide clients with uniquely designed protection so customers can cruise confidently. 
 During fiscal 2021, fee income generated from F&I products accounted for approximately 2.7 or 55.6 million of our revenue. We believe that our customers ability to obtain competitive financing quickly and easily at our dealerships complements our ability to sell new and used boats. We also believe our ability to provide customer-tailored financing on a same-day basis gives us an advantage over many of our competitors, particularly smaller competitors that lack the resources to arrange boat financing at their dealerships or that do not generate sufficient volume to attract the diversity of financing sources that are available to us. 
 Brokerage Sales 
 Through employees or subcontractors that are licensed boat or yacht brokers where applicable, we offer boat or yacht brokerage sales at most of our retail locations. For a commission, we offer for sale brokered boats or yachts, listing them digitally on various sites, advising our other retail locations of their availability through our integrated computer system, and posting them on our website, www.MarineMax.com . Often sales are co-brokered, with the commission split between the buying and selling brokers. We believe that our access to potential used boat customers and methods of listing and advertising customers brokered boats or yachts is more extensive than is typical among brokers. In addition to generating revenue from brokerage commissions, our brokerage sales also enable us to offer a broad array of used boats or yachts without increasing related inventory costs. Also, through Fraser Yachts Group and Northrop & Johnson we offer yacht and superyacht brokerage. During fiscal 2021, brokerage sales commissions accounted for approximately 5.6 or 116.6 million of our revenue. 
 Our brokerage customers generally receive the same high level of customer service as our new and used boat customers. Our waterfront retail locations enable in-water demonstrations of an on-site brokered boat. Our maintenance and repair services, including mobile service, also are generally available to our brokerage customers. Generally, the purchaser of a boat brokered through us also can take advantage of MarineMax Getaways! weekend and day trips and other rendezvous gatherings and in-water events, as well as boat operation and safety seminars. We believe that the array of services we offer are unique in the brokerage business. 
 Yacht Charter 
 In 2011 we launched a yacht charter business in which we offer customers the opportunity to charter catamarans in exotic destinations, starting with our initial location in the British Virgin Islands. In this business, we sell specifically designed yachts to third parties for inclusion in our yacht charter fleet enter into yacht management agreements under which yacht owners enable us to put their yachts in our yacht charter program for a period of several years for a fixed monthly fee payable by us provide our services in storing, insuring, and maintaining their yachts and charter these yachts to vacation customers at agreed fees payable to us. The yacht owners will be able to utilize the yachts for personal use for a designated number of weeks during the terms of the management agreement and take possession of their yachts following the expiration of the yacht management agreements. 
 9 
 
 In addition to the specific business we launched in the British Virgin Islands , we also offer yacht charter services. For a fee, we assist yacht owners in the charte r of their vessel by third-parties. Additionally, through Fraser Yachts Group and Northrop & Johnson we offer yacht and superyacht chartering, charter management, yacht management, crew placement, new boat build oversight services and other luxury yacht services. During fiscal 202 1 , the income from rentals of chartering power yachts, yacht charter fees, and other charter services accounted for approximately 1.5 or 29.7 million of our revenue. Our facilities in the British Virgin Islands and yacht charter fleet suffered damage from Hurricane Irma in September of 2017. We maintain insurance for inventory damage, subject to deductibles. The yacht charter fleet resumed charters during fiscal 2019 on a limited basis as damage was repaired and returned to full operations in 2020. Beginning in March 2020, we temporarily closed our facilities in the British Virgin Islands and yacht charters based on guidance from local government and health officials as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic . Yacht charters resumed during fiscal 2021, but the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and the duration for which it may have an impact cannot be determined at this time. 
 Offsite Sales 
 We sell used boats, offer F&I products, and sell parts and accessories at various third-party offsite locations, including marinas. 
 Product Manufacturing 
 Cruisers Yachts, a wholly-owned MarineMax subsidiary, manufactures sport yacht and yachts with sales through our select retail dealership locations and through independent dealers. Cruisers Yachts is recognized as one of the world s premier manufacturers of premium sport yacht and yachts, producing models from 33 to 60 feet. In November 2021, we acquired Intrepid, a premier manufacturer of powerboats. Intrepid is recognized as a world class producer of customized boats, carefully reflecting the unique desires of each individual owner. 
 Retail Locations 
 We sell our recreational boats and other marine products and offer our related boat services through 79 retail locations in Alabama, California, Connecticut, Florida, Georgia, Illinois, Maryland, Massachusetts, Michigan, Minnesota, Missouri, New Jersey, New York, North Carolina, Ohio, Oklahoma, Rhode Island, South Carolina, Texas, Washington and Wisconsin. Each retail location generally includes an indoor showroom (including some of the industry s largest indoor boat showrooms) and an outside area for displaying boat inventories, a business office to assist customers in arranging financing and insurance, maintenance and repair facilities, and at certain retail locations boat storage services, including in-water slip storage and inside and outside land storage. 
 Many of our retail locations are waterfront properties on some of the nation s most popular boating locations, including the Norwalk Harbor and Westbrook Harbor in Connecticut multiple locations on the Intracoastal Waterway, the Atlantic Ocean, Boca Ciega Bay, Caloosahatchee River, Naples Bay, Tampa Bay, Pensacola Bay, and the Saint Andrews Bay in Florida Lake Lanier and Wilmington River in Georgia Chesapeake Bay in Maryland Lake Minnetonka and the St. Croix River in Minnesota Lake of the Ozarks in Missouri Barnegat Bay, Lake Hopatcong, Little Egg Harbor Bay, and the Manasquan River in New Jersey Huntington Harbor in New York Town River in Massachusetts Masonboro Inlet in North Carolina Lake Wylie in South Carolina Lake Erie in Ohio Grand Lake in Oklahoma Newport Bay, San Diego Bay, and Richardson Bay in California Saginaw River, Lake St. Clair, Cass Lake, Spring Lake, and Lake Fenton in Michigan Lake Union in Washington Sturgeon Bay, Lake Mendota, Kinnickinnic River, and Lake Butte Des Mortes in Wisconsin Lake Michigan and Lake Marie in Illinois Newport Harbor in Rhode Island and Clear Lake and Lake Lewisville in Texas. Our waterfront retail locations, most of which include marina-type facilities and docks at which we display our yachts and boats, are easily accessible to the boating populace, serve as in-water showrooms, and enable the sales force to give customers immediate in-water demonstrations of various boat models. Most of our other locations are in close proximity to water. 
 Operations 
 Dealership Operations and Management 
 We have adopted a generally decentralized approach to the operational management of our dealerships. While certain administrative functions are centralized at the corporate level, local management is primarily responsible for the day-to-day operations of the retail locations. Each retail location is managed by a general manager, who oversees the day-to-day operations, personnel, and financial performance of the individual store, subject to the direction of a regional president or district president, who generally has responsibility for the retail locations within a specified geographic region. Typically, each retail location also has a staff consisting of an F&I manager, a parts manager, a service manager, sales representatives, maintenance and repair technicians, and various support personnel. 
 10 
 
 Sales and Marketing 
 Our sales philosophy focuses on selling the pleasures of the boating lifestyle and creating memories of a lifetime with family and friends. We believe that the critical elements of our sales philosophy include our appealing retail locations, no-hassle sales approach, highly trained sales representatives, high level of customer service, emphasis on educating the customer and the customer s family on boating, and providing our customers with opportunities for boating through our MarineMax Getaways! . We strive to provide exceptional customer experiences through the best services, products, and technology before, during, and after the sale. Our team and customers are United by Water . 
 Each retail location offers the customer the opportunity to evaluate a variety of new and used boats in a comfortable and convenient setting. Our full-service retail locations facilitate a turn-key purchasing process that includes attractive lender financing packages, extended service agreements, and insurance. Many of our retail locations are located on waterfronts and marinas, which attract boating enthusiasts and enable customers to operate various boats prior to making a purchase decision. 
 The brands we offer are diverse in size and use and are spread across our customer activities of leisure, fishing, watersports, luxury, and vacations. We believe the transformative qualities of the water should be shared by everyone, so we created our boat lineup accordingly. Our promise gives our brands meaning and reason to exist next to one another on our showroom floor. 
 We sell our boats at posted MarineMax One Price that generally represent a discount from the manufacturer s suggested retail price. Our sales approach focuses on the customer experience by minimizing customer anxiety associated with price negotiation. 
 As a part of our sales and marketing efforts, our digital marketing capabilities are a competitive advantage, with the majority of leads originating through our digital properties, including MarineMax.com. Social media is a growing venue for customer engagement and communication and has become a strong medium for connecting with new customers. Additionally, we hold online experience events including immersive boat tours that allow participants to explore boats and yachts from multiple manufactures, segments, and models from nearly any electronic device including their phone, tablet, or computer. 
 We participate in boat shows and in-the-water sales events at area boating locations, typically held in January, February, March, and toward the end of the boating season, in each of our markets. Boat shows and other offsite promotions are an important venue for generating customer engagement. The boat shows also generate a significant amount of interest in our products resulting in boat sales after the show. Online we are always available and can offer our full selection of boats, yachts and charters, as well as our expert team to answer customers questions and help them find a boat virtually. 
 We emphasize customer education through one-on-one education by our sales representatives and, at some locations, our delivery captains, before and after a sale, and through in-house seminars for the entire family on boating safety, the use and operation of boats, and product demonstrations. Typically, one of our delivery captains or the sales representative delivers the customer s boat to an area boating location and thoroughly instructs the customer about the operation of the boat, including hands-on instructions for docking and trailering the boat. To enhance our customer relationships after the sale, we lead and sponsor MarineMax Getaways! group boating trips to various destinations, rendezvous gatherings, and on-the-water organized events that promote the boating lifestyle and memories of a lifetime. Each Company-sponsored event, planned and led by a Company employee, also provides a favorable medium for acclimating new customers to boating, sharing exciting boating destinations, creating friendships with other boaters, and enabling us to promote new product offerings to boating enthusiasts. 
 As a result of our relative size, we believe we have a competitive advantage within the industry by being able to conduct an organized and systematic advertising and marketing effort. Part of our marketing capabilities include a customer relationship management system that tracks all customer engagements, evaluates the customers propensity to buy, automatically generates follow-up activities, and facilitates Company-wide availability of a particular boat or other marine products and services desired by a customer. 
 Suppliers and Inventory Management 
 We purchase a substantial portion of our new boat inventory directly from manufacturers, which allocate new boats to dealerships based on the amount of boats sold by the dealership and their market share. We manufacture a portion of our new boat inventory from our Product Manufacturing segment . We also exchange new boats with other dealers to accommodate customer demand and to balance inventory. 
 In fiscal 2021, sales of new Brunswick and Azimut boats and yachts accounted for approximately 27 and 10 of our revenue, respectively. Sales of new Sea Ray and Boston Whaler boats accounted for approximately 11 and 13 , respectively, of our revenue in fiscal 2021. No purchases of new boats and other marine related products from any other manufacturer accounted for more than 10 of our revenue in fiscal 2021. 
 We have entered into multi-year agreements with Brunswick covering Sea Ray and Boston Whaler. We also have a multi-year agreement with Azimut-Benetti Group for its Azimut product line. We typically deal with each of our manufacturers, other than Brunswick and Azimut-Benetti Group, under an annually renewable, non-exclusive dealer agreement. 
 11 
 
 The dealer agreements do not restrict our right to sell any product lines or competing products provided that we are in compliance with the material obligations of our dealer agreements. The terms of each dealer agreement appoints a designated geographical territory for the dealer, which is exclusive to the dealer provided that the dealer is able to meet the material obligations of its dealer agreement. 
 Manufacturers generally establish prices on an annual basis, but may change prices at their sole discretion. Manufacturers typically discount the cost of inventory and offer inventory financing assistance during the manufacturers slow seasons, generally October through March. To obtain lower cost of inventory, we strive to capitalize on these manufacturer incentives to take product delivery during the manufacturers slow seasons. This permits us to gain pricing advantages and better product availability during the selling season. Arrangements with certain other manufacturers may restrict our right to offer some product lines in certain markets. 
 We transfer individual boats among our retail locations to fill customer orders that otherwise might take substantially longer to fill from the manufacturer. This reduces delays in delivery, helps us maximize inventory turnover, and assists in minimizing potential overstock or out-of-stock situations. We actively monitor our inventory levels to maintain levels appropriate to meet current anticipated market demands. We are not bound by contractual agreements governing the amount of inventory that we must purchase in any year from any manufacturer, but the failure to purchase at agreed upon levels may result in the loss of certain manufacturer incentives or dealership rights. 
 Inventory Financing 
 Marine manufacturers customarily provide interest assistance programs to retailers. The interest assistance varies by manufacturer and may include periods of free financing or reduced interest rate programs. The interest assistance may be paid directly to the retailer or the financial institution depending on the arrangements the manufacturer has established. We believe that our financing arrangements with manufacturers are standard within the industry. 
 We account for consideration received from our vendors in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers ASC 606 ). ASC 606 requires us to classify interest assistance received from manufacturers as a reduction of inventory cost and related cost of sales as opposed to netting the assistance against our interest expense incurred with our lenders. Pursuant to ASC 606, amounts received by us under our co-op assistance programs from our manufacturers are netted against related advertising expenses. 
 We are party to an Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement (the Credit Facility ), with Wells Fargo Commercial Distribution Finance LLC, M&T Bank, Bank of the West, and Truist Bank. The Credit Facility provides the Company a line of credit with asset based borrowing availability of up to 500.0 million for working capital and inventory financing, with the amount permissible pursuant to a borrowing base formula. The Credit Facility has a three-year term and expires in July 2024, subject to extension for two one-year periods, with lender approval. The Credit Facility is further discussed in the Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations section of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Technology Platform 
 We believe that our technology platform, which is utilized by each of our dealerships and has been developed over a number of years through cooperative efforts with strategic partners, enhances our ability to integrate successfully the operations of our dealerships and future acquisitions, facilitates the interchange of information, and enhances cross-selling opportunities throughout our company. The platform integrates each level of operations on a Company-wide basis, including but not limited to inventory, financial reporting, budgeting, and sales management. The platform enables us to monitor each dealership s operations in order to identify quickly areas requiring additional focus and to manage inventory. The platform also provides sales representatives with prospect and customer information that aids them in tracking engagements insights, automatically generates follow-up activities, facilitates the availability of a particular boat Company-wide, locates boats needed to satisfy a particular customer request, and monitors the maintenance and service needs of customers boats. Company representatives also utilize the platform to assist in arranging financing and insurance packages. We mitigate cybersecurity risks by employing extensive measures, including employee training, systems, monitoring and testing, and maintenance of protective systems and contingency plans. 
 Human Capital Resources 
 As of September 30, 2021, we had 2,666 employees, 2,067 (77 of whom were in store-level operations, 467 (18 of whom were in the yacht manufacturing operations, and 132 (5 of whom were in corporate administration and management. We are not a party to any collective bargaining agreements. We consider our relations with our employees to be excellent. 
 In managing the business, we devote substantial efforts to recruit employees that we believe to be exceptionally well qualified for their position. We also train our employees to understand our core retail philosophies, which focus on making the purchase of a boat and its subsequent use as hassle-free and enjoyable as possible. Through our MarineMax University, or MMU, we teach our retail philosophies to existing and new employees at various locations and online, through MMU-online. MMU is a modularized and 
 12 
 
 instructor-led educational program that focuses on our retailing philosophies and provides instruction on such matters as the sales process, customer service, F&I, accounting, leadership, and human resources. We also have a specialized service training center and program in Clearwater, Florida where we train our service technicians in best practices. 
 Sales representatives receive compensation primarily on a commission basis. Each general manager is a salaried employee with incentive bonuses based on the performance of the managed dealership. Maintenance and repair service managers receive compensation on a salary basis with bonuses based on the performance of their departments. Our technology platform provides each store and department manager with daily financial and operational information, enabling them to monitor the performance of their personnel on a daily, weekly, and monthly basis. We have a uniform, fully integrated technology platform serving each of our dealerships. 
 Our philosophy is to pay competitive base salaries to team members at levels that help us to attract, motivate, and retain highly qualified team members and reduce turnover. Cash incentive bonuses are designed to reward individuals based on our Company s financial results as well as the achievement of personal and corporate objectives designed to contribute to our long-term success in building shareholder value. Grants of stock-based awards under our 2011 Stock-Based Compensation Plan are intended to align compensation with the price performance of our common stock. Total compensation levels reflect corporate positions, responsibilities, and achievement of goals. As a result of our performance-based compensation philosophy, pay levels may vary significantly from year to year and among our various team members. Performance metrics utilized by our cash compensation plans include pretax income performance bonus, aged inventory, district and regional financial performance targets, and net promoter score (customer satisfaction). 
 Intellectual Property 
 We have registered tradenames and trademarks, including among other marks, MarineMax and United by Water in over 20 countries and territories. Pursuant to agreements with manufacturers and subject to restrictions in those agreements, we have the right to use and display the trademarks and logos of our manufacturer s brands at our retail stores as well as in our advertising and promotional materials. The current registrations of our tradenames and trademarks are effective for varying periods of time, which we may renew periodically, provided that we comply with all statutory maintenance requirements, including continued use of each trademark in each country. 
 Seasonality and Weather Conditions 
 Our business, as well as the entire recreational boating industry, is highly seasonal, with seasonality varying in different geographic markets. Over the three-year period ended September 30, 2021, the average revenue for the quarters ended December 31, March 31, June 30 and September 30 represented approximately 20 , 24 , 32 , and 24 , respectively, of our average annual revenues. With the exception of Florida, we generally realize significantly lower sales and higher levels of inventories and related short-term borrowings, in the quarterly periods ending December 31 and March 31. The onset of the public boat and recreation shows in January generally stimulates boat sales and typically allows us to reduce our inventory levels and related short-term borrowings throughout the remainder of the fiscal year. Our expansion into boat storage may act to reduce our seasonality and cyclicality. 
 Our business is also subject to weather patterns, which may adversely affect our results of operations. For example, prolonged winter conditions, drought conditions (or merely reduced rainfall levels) or excessive rain, may limit access to area boating locations or render boating dangerous or inconvenient, thereby curtailing customer demand for our products. In addition, unseasonably cool weather and prolonged winter conditions may lead to a shorter selling season in certain locations. Hurricanes and other storms could result in disruptions of our operations or damage to our boat inventories and facilities, as has been the case when Florida and other markets were affected by hurricanes, such as Hurricanes Harvey and Irma in 2017. Although our geographic diversity is likely to reduce the overall impact to us of adverse weather conditions in any one market area, these conditions will continue to represent potential, material adverse risks to us and our future financial performance. 
 Governmental Regulations, including Environmental Regulations 
 Our operations are subject to extensive regulation, supervision, and licensing under various foreign, federal, state, and local statutes, ordinances, and regulations. While we believe that we maintain all requisite licenses and permits and are in compliance with all applicable federal, state, and local regulations, there can be no assurance that we will be able to maintain all requisite licenses and permits. The failure to satisfy those and other regulatory requirements could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. The adoption of additional laws, rules, and regulations could also have a material adverse effect on our business. Various foreign, federal, state, and local regulatory agencies, including the Occupational Safety and Health Administration OSHA ), the EPA, and similar foreign, federal, state, and local agencies, have jurisdiction over the operation of our dealerships, repair facilities, and other operations with respect to matters such as consumer protection and privacy, workers safety, and laws regarding protection of the environment, including air, water, and soil. 
 13 
 
 The EPA has various air emissions regulations for outboard marine engines that impose more strict emissions standards for two-cycle, gasoline outboard marine engines. The majority of the outboard marine engines we sell are manufactured by Mercury Marine. Mercury Marine s product line of low-emission engines, including the Verado , SeaPro , Pro XS, and other four-stroke outboards, have achieved the EPA s mandated 2006 emission levels. While we remain committed to supporting sustainable manufacturing and a sustainable environment for all boaters, any increased costs of producing engines resulting from EPA standards, or the inability of our manufacturers to comply with EPA requirements, could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 Certain of our facilities own and operate underground storage tanks USTs and above ground storage tanks ASTs for the storage of various petroleum products. The USTs and ASTs are generally subject to federal, state, and local laws and regulations that require testing and upgrading of tanks and remediation of contaminated soils and groundwater resulting from leaking tanks. In addition, if leakage from Company-owned or operated tanks migrates onto the property of others, we may be subject to civil liability to third parties for remediation costs or other damages. Based on historical experience, we believe that our liabilities associated with tank testing, upgrades, and remediation are unlikely to have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or operating results. 
 As with boat dealerships generally, and parts and service operations in particular, our business involves the use, handling, storage, and contracting for recycling or disposal of hazardous or toxic substances or wastes, including environmentally sensitive materials, such as motor oil, waste motor oil and filters, transmission fluid, antifreeze, freon, waste paint and lacquer thinner, batteries, solvents, lubricants, degreasing agents, gasoline, and diesel fuels. Accordingly, we are subject to regulation by federal, state, and local authorities establishing requirements for the use, management, handling, and disposal of these materials and health and environmental quality standards, and liability related thereto, and providing penalties for violations of those standards. We are also subject to laws, ordinances, and regulations governing investigation and remediation of contamination at facilities we operate to which we send hazardous or toxic substances or wastes for treatment, recycling, or disposal. 
 We do not believe we have any material environmental liabilities or that compliance with environmental laws, ordinances, and regulations will, individually or in the aggregate, have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or results of operations. However, soil and groundwater contamination has been known to exist at certain properties owned or leased by us. We have also been required and may in the future be required to remove USTs and ASTs containing hazardous substances or wastes. As to certain of our properties, specific releases of petroleum have been or are in the process of being remedied in accordance with state and federal guidelines. We are monitoring the soil and groundwater as required by applicable state and federal guidelines. In addition, the shareholders of certain of the acquired dealers have indemnified us (and such indemnification is continuing) for specific environmental issues identified on environmental site assessments performed by us as part of the acquisitions. We maintain insurance for pollutant cleanup and removal. The coverage pays for the expenses to extract pollutants from land or water at the insured property, if the discharge, dispersal, seepage, migration, release, or escape of the pollutants is caused by or results from a covered cause of loss. We also have additional storage tank liability insurance and Superfund coverage where applicable. In addition, certain of our retail locations are located on waterways that are subject to federal or state laws regulating navigable waters (including oil pollution prevention), fish and wildlife, and other matters. 
 Three of the properties we own were historically used as gasoline service stations. Remedial action with respect to prior historical site activities on these properties has been completed in accordance with federal and state law. We do not believe that any of these environmental issues will result in any material liabilities to us. 
 Additionally, certain states have required or are considering requiring a license in order to operate a recreational boat. While such licensing requirements are not expected to be unduly restrictive, regulations may discourage potential first-time buyers, thereby limiting future sales, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 Environmental Responsibility 
 We operate many retail locations near or on bodies of water that are acutely susceptible to the risks associated with climate change. Such risks include those related to the physical impacts of climate change, such as possibly more frequent and severe weather events, rising sea levels, and/or long term shifts in climate patterns, and risks related to the transition to a lower-carbon economy, such as reputational, market and/or regulatory risks. Our commitment to environmental responsibility and initiatives to reduce our environmental footprint are outlined in our Environmental Policy. Our Environmental Policy can be found on the Investor Relations section of our website at www.MarineMax.com under Governance Documents. Our Environmental Policy and associated climate related risks and opportunities are reviewed by our Board of Directors on an annual basis or more frequently as needed. 
 We have engaged in many efforts to mitigate and adapt to climate change. For example, we seek out, to the extent feasible, manufacturers committed to the highest levels of sustainability, environmental stewardship, and low-emissions as demonstrated by Mercury Marine. Mercury Marine s commitment to sustainability and successes are detailed in its 2020 Sustainability Report. Mercury Marine s accomplishments include winning the 2019 Sustainable Process Award from the Wisconsin Sustainable Business Council for its sustainable use of aluminum, winning the 2018 Sustainable Product of the Year from the Wisconsin Sustainable Business Council for its Active Trim technology, and winning the 2018 Business Friend of the Environment Award for their new V6 and V8 outboard engines. For the 10 th consecutive year, the Wisconsin Sustainable Business Council awarded Mercury Marine a Green Masters designation, a program measuring a broad range of sustainability issues including energy and water conservation, 
 14 
 
 waste management, community outreach, and education. Additionally, Azimut Yachts was awarded ISO 14001 certification, for its consistent and effective management system aimed at reducing the environmental impact of its operations. Also, to maximize the eco-compatible standards of their yachts, Azimut Yachts adopted RINA (an organization specializing in classification, certification, testing, and inspection) principles to achieve RINA Green Plus notation. 
 Further, while not our primary focus, as opportunities arise we have made targeted investments to support new technology, innovations, and research in the marine industry to reduce emissions, provide environmental stewardship, and support a sustainable environment for all boaters. The Fraser Yachts Group has become the first yacht company to sign the Pact for Energy Transition with the Monaco Government. The energy transition pact was created by the Monaco government to improve energy efficiency and promote renewable energy sources, with the target to reducing greenhouse gas emissions, by allowing residents, workers, businesses, institutions and associations to contribute to the energy transition effort. 
 We take pride in maintaining our retail locations and marinas for the benefit of the local communities and boaters we serve. We strive to execute a proactive strategy related to environmental, health, and safety laws and regulations, and environmental stewardship, which includes investing significant resources in maintaining and developing our retail locations and marinas for the long term. Additionally, several of our Florida locations have been designated Clean Marinas through the Florida Department of Environmental Protection Clean Marina Program. The Clean Marina Program recognizes facilities engaging in environmental best practices and exceeding regulatory requirements in and around Florida s waterways. 
 Corporate Social Responsibility 
 Our commitment to social responsibility is outlined in our Human Rights Policy. Our Human Rights Policy can be found on the Investor Relations section of our website at www.MarineMax.com under Governance Documents. Our Human Rights Policy is reviewed by our Board of Directors on an annual basis or more frequently as needed. We strive to conduct our business in an ethical and socially responsible way, and are sensitive to the needs of the environment, our customers, our shareholders, our team members and our communities. Our ethical and social responsibility is guided by our MarineMax culture and values which are honesty, trust, loyalty, professionalism, consistency, always do what is right, treat others as we want to be treated, and always consider the long term. Our culture, values, and mission are shared and reinforced with our team members through daily stand up meetings, team events, and online communications. We pride ourselves in supporting our local communities both on and off the water. One way in which our presence is felt within the local community is by providing our team members time to volunteer and assist with Habitat for Humanity housing projects in addition to making charitable donations to Habitat for Humanity. Additionally, we are proud to support the ocean cleanup company 4ocean and its mission to end the world s plastic pollution crises. 4ocean i s a global company that actively removes trash from the ocean and coastlines, helps create sustainable economies around the world and inspires individuals to work together for a cleaner ocean. 
 Product Liability 
 The products we sell or service may expose us to potential liabilities for personal injury or property damage claims relating to the use of those products. Historically, the resolution of product liability claims has not materially affected our business. Manufacturers of the products we sell generally maintain product liability insurance. We also maintain third-party product liability insurance that we believe to be adequate. We may experience claims that are not covered by, or that are in excess of, our insurance coverage. The institution of any significant claims against us could subject us to damages, result in higher insurance costs, and harm our business reputation with potential customers. 
 Executive Officers 
 The following table sets forth information concerning each of our executive officers as of November 15, 2021: 

Name 

Age 

Position 

William H. McGill Jr. 

77 

Executive Chairman of the Board and Director 

William Brett McGill 

53 

Chief Executive Officer, President and Director 

Michael H. McLamb 

56 

Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, 
 Secretary, and Director 

Charles A. Cashman 

58 

Executive Vice President and Chief Revenue Officer 

Anthony E. Cassella, Jr 

52 

Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer 

15 

William H. McGill Jr . has served as the Executive Chairman of the Board since October 2018. Mr. McGill served as Chief Executive Officer of MarineMax from January 23, 1998 to September 30, 2018 and as the Chairman of the Board and as a Director of the Company since March 6, 1998. Mr. McGill served as the President of the Company from January 23, 1988 until September 8, 2000 and re-assumed the position from July 1, 2002 to October 1, 2017. Mr. McGill was the principal owner and president of Gulfwind USA, Inc., one of our operating subsidiaries, from 1973 until its merger with us in 1998. 
 William Brett McGill has served as Chief Executive Officer since October 2018, as President since October 2017, and as a Director since February 21, 2019. Mr. McGill served as President and Chief Operating Officer of MarineMax from October 2017 to October 2018. Mr. McGill served as Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer from October 2016 to October 2017, Executive Vice President Operations of the Company from October 2015 to September 2016, as Vice President of West Operations of the Company from May 2012 to September 2015, and was appointed as an executive officer by our Board of Directors in November 2012. Mr. McGill served as one of our Regional Presidents from March 2006 to May 2012, as Vice President of Information Technology, Service and Parts of the Company from October 2004 to March 2006, and as Director of Information Services from March 1998. Mr. McGill began his professional career with a software development firm, Integrated Dealer Systems, prior to joining MarineMax in 1996. William Brett McGill is the son of William H. McGill, Jr. 
 Michael H. McLamb has served as Executive Vice President of MarineMax since October 2002, as Chief Financial Officer since January 23, 1998, as Secretary since April 5, 1998, and as a Director since November 1, 2003. Mr. McLamb served as Vice President and Treasurer of the Company from January 23, 1998 until October 22, 2002. Mr. McLamb, a certified public accountant, was employed by Arthur Andersen LLP from December 1987 to December 1997, serving most recently as a Senior Manager. 
 Charles A. Cashman has served as Executive Vice President and Chief Revenue Officer of MarineMax since October 2016. Mr. Cashman served as Executive Vice President Sales, Marketing, and Manufacturer Relations of the Company from October 2015 to September 2016, served as Vice President of East Operations from May 2012 to September 2015, and was appointed as an executive officer by our Board of Directors in November 2012. Mr. Cashman served as Regional President of East Florida from October 2008 to May 2012, and as District Manager of the East Coast of Florida from March 2007 to October 2008. Mr. Cashman served several other positions of increasing responsibility, including Sales Consultant, Sales Manager, and General Manager, since joining MarineMax in 1992. 
 Anthony E. Cassella, Jr. has served as Vice President of MarineMax since February 2016, Chief Accounting Officer since October 2014, and Vice President of Accounting and Shared Services since February 2011. Mr. Cassella served as Director of Shared Services from October 2007 until February 2011 and Regional Controller from March 1999 until October 2007. Mr. Cassella was the Controller of Merit Marine which the Company acquired in March 1999. Mr. Cassella, a certified public accountant, worked in public accounting from June 1991 to February 1998, serving most recently as Manager. 

Item 1A. 
 
 Risk Factors 

 Risks Related to Competition, Economic, and Industry Conditions 
 Our success depends to a significant extent on the well-being, as well as the continued popularity and reputation for quality of the boating products, of our manufacturers, particularly Brunswick s Sea Ray and Boston Whaler boat lines and Azimut-Benetti Group s Azimut products. The failure to obtain a high quality and desirable mix of competitively priced products that our customers demand could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 Approximately 27 of our revenue in fiscal 2021 resulted from sales of new boats manufactured by Brunswick, including approximately 11 from Brunswick s Sea Ray division, 13 from Brunswick s Boston Whaler division, and approximately 3 from Brunswick s other divisions. Additionally, approximately 10 of our revenue in fiscal 2021 resulted from sales of new boats manufactured by Azimut-Benetti Group. The remainder of our fiscal 2021 revenue from new boat sales resulted from sales of products from a limited number of other manufacturers, none of which accounted for more than 10 of our revenue. 
 We depend on our manufacturers to provide us with products that compare favorably with competing products in terms of quality, performance, safety, and advanced features, including the latest advances in propulsion and navigation systems. Any adverse change in the production efficiency, product development efforts, technological advancement, expansion of manufacturing footprint, supply chain and third-party suppliers, marketplace acceptance, marketing capabilities, ability to secure adequate access to capital, and financial condition of our manufacturers, particularly Brunswick (including Mercury Marine, a division of Brunswick) and Azimut-Benetti Group, given our reliance on Sea Ray, Boston Whaler, Mercury Marine engines, and Azimut, would have a substantial adverse impact on our business. Any difficulties encountered by any of our manufacturers, particularly Brunswick and Azimut-Benetti Group, resulting from economic, financial, supply chain, or other factors, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, could adversely affect the quality and amount of products that they are able to supply to us and the services and support they provide to us. 
 Any interruption or discontinuance of the operations of Brunswick, Azimut-Benetti Group or other manufacturers could cause us to experience shortfalls, disruptions or delays with respect to needed inventory. Although we believe in our brand, our product 
 16 
 
 diversification and that adequate alternate sources would be available that could replace any manufacturer other than Brunswick and Azimut-Benetti Group as a product source, those alternate sources may not be available at the time of any interruption, and alternative products may not be available at comparable quality and price. 
 Boat manufacturers exercise substantial control over our business. 
 We depend on our dealer agreements. We have dealer agreements with Brunswick covering Sea Ray and Boston Whaler products. Most of our retail locations have a multi-year dealer agreement which provides for the lowest product prices charged by the Sea Ray division of Brunswick or Boston Whaler, as applicable, from time to time to other domestic Sea Ray or Boston Whaler dealers, as applicable. These terms are subject to: 

the dealer meeting all the requirements and conditions of the manufacturer s applicable programs and 

the right of Brunswick in good faith to charge lesser prices to other dealers 

to meet existing competitive circumstances 

for unusual and non-ordinary business circumstances or 

for limited duration promotional programs. 

 Each dealer agreement designates a specific geographical territory for the dealer, which is exclusive to the dealer provided that the dealer is able to meet the material obligations of its dealer agreement. 
 We are the exclusive dealer for Azimut-Benetti Group s Azimut product line for the United States. The Azimut dealer agreement provides a geographic territory to promote the product line and to network with the appropriate clientele through various independent locations designated for Azimut retail sales. Our dealer agreement is a multi-year term but requires us to be in compliance with its terms and conditions. 
 As is typical in the industry, we generally deal with manufacturers, other than Sea Ray, Boston Whaler, and Azimut, under renewable annual dealer agreements. These agreements do not contain any contractual provisions concerning product pricing or required purchasing levels. Pricing is generally established on a model year basis, but is subject to change in the manufacturer s sole discretion. Any change or termination of these arrangements for any reason could adversely affect product availability and cost and our financial performance. 
 Through these dealer agreements, boat manufacturers (particularly Brunswick and Azimut) exercise significant control over their dealers, restrict them to specified locations, and retain approval rights over changes in management and ownership, among other things. Failure to meet the customer satisfaction, market share goals, and other conditions set forth in any dealer agreement could have various consequences, including the following: 

the termination of the dealer agreement 

the imposition of additional conditions in subsequent dealer agreements 

limitations on boat inventory allocations 

reductions in reimbursement rates for warranty work performed by the dealer 

loss of certain manufacturer to dealer incentives 

denial of approval of future acquisitions or 

the loss of exclusive rights to sell in the geographic territory. 

 These events could have a material adverse effect on our competitive position and financial performance. 
 Our business, as well as the entire recreational boating industry, is highly seasonal, with seasonality varying in different geographic markets. 
 Over the three-year period ended September 30, 2021, the average revenue for the quarterly periods ended December 31, March 31, June 30 and September 30 represented approximately 20 , 24 , 32 , and 24 , respectively, of our average annual revenue. With the exception of Florida, we generally realize significantly lower sales and higher levels of inventories and related short-term borrowings in the quarterly periods ending December 31 and March 31. The onset of the public boat and recreation shows in January typically stimulates boat sales and allows us to reduce our inventory levels and related short-term borrowings throughout the remainder of the fiscal year. Our business could become substantially more seasonal if we acquire dealers that operate in colder regions of the United States, which are generally closed or experience lower volume in the winter months. 
 17 
 
 The failure to receive rebates and other dealer incentives on inventory purchases or retail sales could substantially reduce our margins. 
 We rely on manufacturers programs that provide incentives for dealers to purchase and sell particular boat makes and models or for consumers to buy particular boat makes or models. Any eliminations, reductions, limitations, or other changes relating to rebate or incentive programs that have the effect of reducing the benefits we receive, whether relating to the ability of manufacturers to pay or our ability to qualify for such incentive programs, could increase the effective cost of our boat purchases, reduce our margins and competitive position, and have a material adverse effect on our financial performance. 
 Other recreational activities, poor industry perception, and potential health risks from environmental conditions can adversely affect the levels of boat purchases. 
 Demand for our products can be adversely affected by competition from other activities that occupy consumers time, including other forms of recreation as well as religious, cultural and community activities. In addition, real or perceived health risks from engaging in outdoor activities and local environmental conditions in the areas in which we operate dealerships could adversely affect the levels of boat purchases. Further, as a seller of high-end consumer products, we must compete for discretionary spending with a wide variety of other recreational activities and consumer purchases. In addition, perceived hassles of boat ownership and customer service and lack of customer education throughout the retail boat industry, which has traditionally been perceived to be relatively poor, represent impediments to boat purchases. 
 We face intense competition. 
 We operate in a highly competitive environment. In addition to facing competition generally from recreation businesses seeking to attract consumers leisure time and discretionary spending dollars, the recreational boat industry itself is highly fragmented, resulting in intense competition for customers, quality products, boat show space, and suitable retail locations. We rely to a certain extent on boat shows to generate sales. 
 We compete primarily with single-location boat dealers and, with respect to sales of marine parts, accessories, and equipment, with national specialty marine parts and accessories stores, online catalog retailers, sporting goods stores, and mass merchants. Competition among boat dealers is based on the quality of available products, the price and value of the products, and attention to customer service. There is significant competition both within markets we currently serve and in new markets that we may enter. We compete in each of our markets with retailers of brands of boats and engines we do not sell in that market. In addition, several of our competitors, especially those selling marine equipment and accessories, are large national or regional chains that have substantial financial, marketing and other resources. Private sales of used boats represent an additional source of competition. 
 Due to various matters, including environmental concerns, permitting and zoning requirements, and competition for waterfront real estate, some markets in the United States have experienced an increased waiting list for marina and storage availability. In general, the markets in which we currently operate are not experiencing any unusual difficulties. However, marine retail activity could be adversely affected in markets that do not have sufficient marine and storage availability to satisfy demand. 
 Timing of large boat and yacht sales and failure to adequately anticipate consumer preference and demand may have an adverse impact on our business. 
 Forecasting optimal inventory levels is difficult to predict based on, among other things, changes in economic conditions, consumer preferences, delivery of new models from manufacturers, and timing of large boat and yacht sales. Failure to adequately anticipate consumer demand and preferences could negatively impact our inventory management strategies, inventory carrying costs, and our operating margins. 
 Economic conditions and consumer spending patterns can have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 General economic conditions and consumer spending patterns can negatively impact our operating results. Unfavorable local, regional, national, or global economic developments or uncertainties regarding future economic prospects could reduce consumer spending in the markets we serve and adversely affect our business. Economic conditions in areas in which we operate dealerships, such as corporate downsizing, military base closings, and inclement weather such as hurricanes or other storms, environmental conditions, and specific events, such as the BP oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico in 2010, or Hurricanes Harvey and Irma in 2017, also could adversely affect, and in certain instances have adversely affected, our operations in certain markets. 
 In an economic downturn, consumer discretionary spending levels generally decline, at times resulting in disproportionately large reductions in the sale of luxury goods. Consumer spending on luxury goods also may decline as a result of lower consumer confidence levels, even if prevailing economic conditions are favorable. As a result, an economic downturn could impact us more than certain of our competitors due to our strategic focus on a higher end of our market. 
 18 
 
 Unfavorable economic conditions can cause us to reduce our acquisition program, delay new store openings, reduce our inventory purchases, engage in inventory reduction efforts, close a number of our retail locations, reduce our headcount, and amend and replace our credit facility, and could also interfere with our supply of certain brands by manufacturers, reduce marketing and other support by manufacturers, decrease revenue, put additional pressures on margins, and result in our failure to satisfy covenants under our credit agreement. 
 More recently, inflation has increased in the United States and throughout the world. This has begun to affect the prices at which manufacturers charge us, as well as the prices that we charge our customers. To the extent such inflation continues, increases, or both, it may reduce our margins and have a material adverse effect on our financial performance. 
 
 COVID-19 pandemic may adversely affect our revenues, results of operations and financial condition. 
 Our business could be materially adversely affected by the widespread outbreak of contagious disease, including the recent COVID-19 pandemic. COVID-19 has spread in many of the geographic areas in which we operate. International, national, state and local governments in affected regions have implemented and will continue to implement safety precautions, including quarantines, travel restrictions, business closures, cancellations of public gatherings and other measures, for an indefinite time period. Other organizations and individuals are taking additional steps to avoid or reduce infection, including limiting travel and staying home from work. These measures are disrupting normal business operations both in and outside of affected areas and have had significant negative impacts on businesses and financial markets worldwide. 
 We continue to monitor our operations and government recommendations and have made modifications to our normal operations, including taking proactive steps to enhance financial flexibility including working to extract capital from our debt-free sizable real estate holdings, taking action to monetize our unlevered inventory, and implementing operating cost savings plans. The onset of the COVID-19 pandemic caused a number of adverse impacts, including reductions in demand for our products, inefficiencies caused by team members working remotely, and certain closed departments or locations based on guidance from each local government or health officials. Disruptions in the capital markets as a result of the COVID-19 outbreak may also adversely affect us if these impacts continue for a prolonged period and we need additional liquidity. Disruptions in our supply chain as a result of the COVID-19 outbreak has adversely affected, and could have an increased adverse effect on, our business, financial condition, and results of operations. While it is not possible at this time to estimate the entirety of the impact that COVID-19 will have on our business, customers, suppliers or other business partners, depending on the severity of the COVID-19 pandemic the length of time of its impact and the applicable government actions in response to it, the effect of the adverse impacts identified in this paragraph may increase and additional adverse impacts may arise. 
 Our sales may be adversely impacted by a material increase in interest rates and adverse changes in fiscal policy or credit market conditions. 
 Over the past several years, our economy has been positively impacted by historically unprecedented low interest rates. Such interest rates, driven by the policies of the Federal Reserve, can be a political issue in the United States. Any change by the Federal Reserve to raise its benchmark interest rate in the future or market expectations of such change may result in significantly higher long-term interest rates, which may negatively impact our customers willingness or desire to purchase our products. 
 Risks Related to Our Strategies 
 Failure to implement strategies to enhance our performance or our strategies could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition. 
 We are increasing our efforts to grow our financing and insurance, parts and accessories, service, yacht charter, brokerage, and boat storage businesses to better serve our customers and thereby increase revenue and improve profitability as a result of these higher margin businesses. In addition, we have implemented programs to increase the lead capture and digital sales of used boats, parts, accessories, and a wide range of boating supplies and products. These efforts and programs are designed to increase our revenue and reduce our dependence on the sale of new boats. We are also pursuing certain acquisitions as discussed in the immediately following Risk Factors. These business initiatives have required, and will continue to require, us to add personnel, invest capital, enter businesses in which we do not have extensive experience, and encounter substantial competition. As a result, our strategies to enhance our performance may not be successful and we may increase our expenses or write off such investments if not successful. 
 19 
 
 Our success depends, in part, on our ability to continue to make successful acquisitions at attractive or fair prices and to integrate the operations of acquired dealers and each dealer we acquire in the future. 
 Since March 1, 1998, we have acquired 32 additional previously independent recreational boat dealers, multiple marinas, four boat brokerage operations, two superyacht service companies, two full-service yacht repair operations, and two boat and yacht manufacturers. Each acquired dealer and entity operated independently prior to its acquisition by us. Our success depends, in part, on our ability to continue to make successful acquisitions at attractive or fair prices that align with our culture and focus on customer service and to integrate the operations of acquired dealers, including centralizing certain functions to achieve cost savings and pursuing programs and processes that promote cooperation and the sharing of opportunities and resources among our dealerships. We may not be able to oversee the combined entity efficiently, realize anticipated synergies, or implement effectively our growth and operating strategies. To the extent that we successfully pursue our acquisition strategy, our resulting growth will place significant additional demands on our management and infrastructure. Our failure to pursue successfully our acquisition strategies or operate effectively the combined entity could have a material adverse effect on our rate of growth and operating performance. 
 We may pursue acquisition strategies in new lines of business. 
 We have historically pursued strategic acquisitions to capitalize upon the consolidation opportunities in the highly fragmented recreational boat dealer industry by acquiring additional dealers and related operations and improving their performance and profitability through the implementation of our operating strategies. We have also recently pursued, and may continue to pursue, potential contract manufacturing, vertical integration strategies, yacht charter and brokerage, marinas, boat storage, or other acquisitions as opportunities arise. To the extent we are successful in pursuing one or more of these strategies, we will face certain risks in addition to those that exist with acquisitions more closely related to our historical business, including potential inexperience in a line of business that is either new to us or that has become materially more significant to us as a result of a transaction, the potential difficulty of presenting a unified corporate image, greater uncertainties in the financial benefits and potential liabilities associated with this expanded base of acquisitions, different types of legal and operational risks, and different types of applicable financial metrics and goals. Our failure to pursue successfully our acquisition strategies in new lines of business, operate effectively the combined entity, and/or mitigate any potential new risks, could have a material adverse effect on our rate of growth and operating performance. 
 Unforeseen expenses, difficulties, and delays frequently encountered in connection with expansion through acquisitions could inhibit our growth and negatively impact our profitability. 
 The acquisition of additional recreational boat dealers, boat storage facilities, yacht brokerage operations, and marinas, which is one of our growth strategies, and vertical integration strategies, all involve significant risks. This strategy entails reviewing and potentially reorganizing acquired business operations, corporate infrastructure and systems, and financial controls. Unforeseen expenses, difficulties and delays frequently encountered in connection with expansion through acquisitions could inhibit our growth and negatively impact our profitability. We may be unable to identify suitable acquisition candidates or to complete the acquisitions of candidates that we identify. Increased competition for acquisition candidates or increased asking prices by acquisition candidates may increase purchase prices for acquisitions to levels beyond our financial capability or to levels that would not result in expected returns required by our acquisition criteria to be in the best interest of shareholders. Acquisitions also may become more difficult or less attractive in the future as we acquire more of the most attractive dealers that best align with our culture and focus on customer service. In addition, we may encounter difficulties in integrating the operations of acquired dealers with our own operations, difficulties in retaining employees, potential risks of losing customers, suppliers, or other business relationships, and difficulties in managing acquired dealers profitably without substantial costs, delays, or other operational or financial problems. 
 Our ability to continue to grow through acquisitions depends upon various factors, including the following: 

the availability of suitable acquisition candidates at attractive purchase prices 

the ability to compete effectively for available acquisition opportunities 

the availability of cash on hand, borrowed funds or stock with a sufficient value to complete the acquisitions 

the ability to obtain any requisite manufacturer or governmental approvals 

the ability to obtain approval of our lenders under our current credit agreement and 

the absence of one or more manufacturers attempting to impose unsatisfactory restrictions on us in connection with their approval of acquisitions. 

 If we finance future acquisitions in whole or in part through the issuance of common stock or securities convertible into or exercisable for common stock, existing shareholders will experience dilution in the voting power of their common stock and earnings per share could be negatively impacted. Any borrowings made to finance future acquisitions or for operations could make us more vulnerable to a downturn in our operating results, a downturn in economic conditions, or increases in interest rates on borrowings that are subject to interest rate fluctuations. 
 20 
 
 We may be required to obtain the consent of Brunswick and various other manufacturers prior to the acquisition of other dealers. 
 In determining whether to approve acquisitions, manufacturers may consider many factors, including our financial condition and ownership structure. Manufacturers also may impose conditions on granting their approvals for acquisitions, including a limitation on the number of their dealers that we may acquire. Our ability to meet manufacturers requirements for approving future acquisitions will have a direct bearing on our ability to complete acquisitions and effect our growth strategy. There can be no assurance that a manufacturer will not terminate its dealer agreement, refuse to renew its dealer agreement, refuse to approve future acquisitions, or take other action that could have a material adverse effect on our acquisition program. 
 Our internal growth and operating strategies of opening new locations and offering new products involve risk. 
 In addition to pursuing growth by acquiring boat dealers, we intend to continue to pursue a strategy of growth through opening new retail locations and offering new products in our existing and new territories. This strategy may entail obtaining additional distribution rights from our existing and new manufacturers. We may not be able to secure additional distribution rights or obtain suitable alternative sources of supply if we are unable to obtain such distribution rights. The inability to expand our product lines and geographic scope by obtaining additional distribution rights could have a material adverse effect on the growth and profitability of our business. 
 Accomplishing these goals for expansion will depend upon a number of factors, including the following: 

our ability to identify new markets in which we can obtain distribution rights to sell our existing or additional product lines 

our ability to lease or construct suitable facilities at a reasonable cost in existing or new markets 

our ability to hire, train, and retain qualified personnel 

the timely and effective integration of new retail locations into existing operations 

our ability to achieve adequate market penetration at favorable operating margins without the acquisition of existing dealers and 

our financial resources. 

 Our dealer agreements with Brunswick require Brunswick s consent to open, close, or change retail locations that sell Sea Ray or Boston Whaler products as applicable, and other dealer agreements generally contain similar provisions. We may not be able to open and operate new retail locations or introduce new product lines on a timely or profitable basis. Moreover, the costs associated with opening new retail locations or introducing new product lines may adversely affect our profitability. 
 As a result of these growth strategies, we expect to continue to expend significant time and effort in opening and acquiring new retail locations, improving existing retail locations in our current markets, and introducing new products. Our systems, procedures, controls, financial resources, and management and staffing levels may not be adequate to support expanding operations. The inability to manage our growth effectively could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 In addition to our traditional repeat and referral business in our physical locations, digital channels are increasingly significant in serving our existing customer base and reaching new customers. Our continued expansion and success will be negatively impacted if we are not able to fully exploit these channels. 
 Our digital channels are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that are beyond our control, including the following: 

changes in technology 

cybersecurity risk 

changes in consumer willingness to conduct business electronically, including increasing concerns with consumer privacy and risk and changing laws, rules, and regulations, such as the imposition of or increase in taxes 

technology or security impediments that may inhibit our ability to electronically market our products and services 

changes in applicable international, federal, state and commercial regulation 

failure of our service providers, suppliers or service partners to perform their services properly and in a timely and efficient manner 

failure to adequately respond to customers, process orders or deliver services 

 21 

our failure to assess and evaluate our digital product and service offerings to ensure that our products and services are desired by boating enthusiasts and 

the potential exposure to liability with respect to third-party information, including but not limited to copyright, trademark infringement, or other wrongful acts of third parties false or erroneous information provided by third parties or illegal activities by third parties, such as the sale of stolen boats or other goods. 

 Further, we may also be vulnerable to competitive pressures from the growing electronic commerce activity in our market, both as they may impact our own on-line business, and as they may impact the operating results and investment values of our existing physical locations. 
 Various operations in multiple countries around the world expose us to international political, economic, foreign currency, and other risks. 
 Our operations involve certain international activities, including our sales of yachts produced by the Azimut-Benetti Group in Italy, yachts produced by Galeon in Poland, and power catamarans for our charter fleet produced by Sino Eagle in China, as well as our Fraser Yachts Group and Northrop & Johnson operations. These activities in multiple countries around the world expose us to international political, economic, foreign currency, and other risks. Some of our sales and purchases of inventory are denominated in a currency other than the U.S. dollar. Consequently, a strong or weak U.S. dollar may adversely affect reported revenues and our profitability. We may hedge certain foreign currency exposures to lessen and delay, but not to completely eliminate, the effects of foreign currency fluctuations on our financial results. Our future financial results could be significantly affected by the value of the U.S. dollar in relation to the foreign currencies in which we conduct business. The degree to which our financial results are affected for any given time period will depend in part upon the success and extent of our hedging activities. 
 Additionally, protectionist trade legislation in the United States, the European Union, Poland, or China, such as a change in current tariff structures, export or import compliance laws, or other trade policies could adversely affect our ability to import yachts from these foreign suppliers under economically favorable terms and conditions. There have been recent changes and additional changes may occur in the future, to United States and foreign trade and tax policies, including heightened import restrictions, import and export licenses, new tariffs, trade embargoes, government sanctions, and trade barriers. Any of these restrictions could prevent or make it difficult or more costly for us to import yachts from foreign suppliers under economically favorable terms and conditions. Increased tariffs could require us to increase our prices which likely could decrease demand for our products. In addition, other countries may limit their trade with the United States or retaliate through their own restrictions and/or increased tariffs which would affect our ability to export products and therefore adversely affect our sales. Many of these challenges, particularly tariffs, are present in commerce with China, a market from which we purchase products. While such tariffs may be delayed or cancelled before coming into effect and we believe we have taken steps to mitigate their potential effects, such tariffs would likely increase our costs for our Chinese suppliers. 
 Our international operations create a number of logistical and communications challenges. The economic, political and other risks we face resulting from these operations include the following: 
 compliance with U.S. and local laws and regulatory requirements, including labor, tax, and environmental, health and safety, as well as changes in those laws and requirements 
 transportation delays or interruptions and other effects of less developed infrastructures 
 effects from the voter-approved exit of the United Kingdom from the European Union (often referred to as Brexit), including any resulting deterioration in economic conditions, volatility in currency exchange rates, or adverse regulatory changes 
 limitations on imports and exports 
 adverse foreign exchange rate fluctuations 
 imposition of restrictions on currency conversion or the transfer of funds 
 withdrawal from or revision to international trade agreements 
 national and international conflicts, including foreign policy changes, political or economic instability, or terrorist acts 
 the effects of issued or threatened government sanctions, tariffs and duties, trade barriers or economic restrictions 
 maintenance of quality standards and/or 
 possible employee turnover or labor unrest. 
 22 
 
 Risks Related to Our Operations 
 The availability and costs of borrowed funds can adversely affect our ability to obtain adequate boat inventory and the ability and willingness of our customers to finance boat purchases. 
 The availability and costs of borrowed funds can adversely affect our ability to obtain and maintain adequate boat inventory and the holding costs of that inventory as well as the ability and willingness of our customers to finance boat purchases. We rely on the Credit Facility led by Wells Fargo Commercial Distribution Finance LLC to purchase and maintain our inventory of boats. The Credit Facility provides a floor plan financing commitment of up to 500.0 million. The collateral for the Credit Facility is all of our personal property with certain limited exceptions. None of our real estate has been pledged for collateral for the Credit Facility. As of September 30, 2021, we were in compliance with all of the covenants under the Credit Facility and our additional available borrowings under the Credit Facility was approximately 79.0 million based upon the outstanding borrowing base availability. 
 Our ability to borrow under the Credit Facility depends on our ability to continue to satisfy our covenants and other obligations under the Credit Facility and the ability for our manufacturers to be approved vendors under our Credit Facility. The variable interest rate under our Credit Facility will fluctuate with changing market conditions and, accordingly, our interest expense will increase as interest rates rise. A significant increase in interest rates could have a material adverse effect on our operating results. The aging of our inventory limits our borrowing capacity as defined provisions in the Credit Facility reduce the allowable advance rate as our inventory ages. Depressed economic conditions, weak consumer spending, turmoil in the credit markets, and lender difficulties, among other potential reasons, could interfere with our ability to maintain compliance with our debt covenants and to utilize the Credit Facility to fund our operations. Any inability to utilize the Credit Facility or the acceleration of amounts owed, resulting from a covenant violation, insufficient collateral, or lender difficulties, could require us to seek other sources of funding to repay amounts outstanding under the Credit Facility or replace or supplement the Credit Facility, which may not be possible at all or under commercially reasonable terms. 
 Similarly, decreases in the availability of credit and increases in the cost of credit adversely affect the ability of our customers to purchase boats from us and thereby adversely affect our ability to sell our products and impact the profitability of our finance and insurance activities. 
 Higher energy, costs and availability of raw materials, parts, components, and fuel costs along with adequate supply may adversely affect our business. 
 All of the recreational boats we sell are powered by diesel or gasoline engines. Consequently, an interruption in the supply, or a significant increase in the price or tax on the sale of fuel on a regional or national basis could have a material adverse effect on our sales and operating results. Increases in fuel prices negatively impact boat sales. The supply of fuels may be interrupted, rationing may be imposed, or the price of or tax on fuels may significantly increase in the future, adversely impacting our business. Also, increases in energy costs can adversely affect the pricing and availability of petroleum-based raw materials such as resins and foam that are used in many of the marine products produced by boat manufacturers, including Cruisers Yachts and Intrepid, increasing our cost of inventory. Additionally, higher fuel prices may also have an adverse effect on demand for our parts and accessories business because higher fuel prices increase the cost of boat ownership and possibly affect product use. 
 Boat manufacturers, including Cruisers Yachts and Intrepid, rely on third parties to supply raw materials used in the manufacturing process, including oil, aluminum, copper, steel, and resins, as well as product parts and components. The prices for these raw materials, parts, and components fluctuate depending on market conditions and, in some instances, commodity prices or trade policies, including tariffs. Substantial increases in the prices of raw materials, parts, and components would increase our product and operating costs, and could reduce our profitability if we are unable to recoup the increased costs through higher product prices or improved operating efficiencies. Similarly, if a critical supplier were to close its operations, cease manufacturing, or otherwise fail to deliver an essential component necessary to our manufacturing operations, that could detrimentally affect our ability to purchase or manufacture and sell products, resulting in an interruption in business operations and/or a loss of sales. 
 In addition, some components used in the boat manufacturing processes, including certain engine components, furniture, upholstery, and boat windshields, are available from a sole supplier or a limited number of suppliers. Operational and financial difficulties that these or other suppliers may face in the future could adversely affect their ability to supply us with the parts and components we and our boat manufacturers need, which could significantly disrupt our operations. It may be difficult to find a replacement supplier for a limited or sole source raw material, part, or component without significant delay or on commercially reasonable terms. In addition, an uncorrected defect or supplier's variation in a raw material, part, or component, either unknown to us or incompatible with our manufacturing process, could jeopardize our ability to manufacture products. 
 Some additional supply risks that could disrupt our operations, impair our ability to deliver products to customers, and negatively affect our financial results include: 
 an outbreak of disease or facility closures due to the COVID-19 pandemic, or similar public health threat 
 23 
 
 a deterioration of our relationships with suppliers 
 events such as natural disasters, power outages, or labor strikes 
 financial pressures on our suppliers due to a weakening economy or unfavorable conditions in other end markets 
 supplier manufacturing constraints and investment requirements or 
 disruption at major global ports and shipping hubs. 
 These risks are exacerbated in the case of single-source suppliers, and the exclusive supplier of a key component could potentially exert significant bargaining power over price, quality, warranty claims, or other terms. 
 Substantially all of our products are powered with outboard engines from Mercury Marine, Yamaha, and inboard engines from Volvo, which makes us reliant on these companies for the supply of engines. 
 The availability and cost of engines for our boats and yachts is critical. If we are required to replace Mercury Marine, Yamaha, or Volvo as our engine suppliers for any reason, it could cause a decrease in products available for sale or an increase in our cost of sales, either of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. If we experience an interruption to our engine supply, then this could cause a decrease in products available for sale or an increase in our cost of sales, either of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 The availability of boat insurance is critical to our success. 
 The ability of our customers to secure reasonably affordable boat insurance that is satisfactory to lenders that finance our customers purchases is critical to our success. Any difficulty of customers to obtain affordable boat insurance could impede boat sales and adversely affect our business. 
 Elements of our yacht charter and charter brokerage businesses expose us to certain risks. 
 Our yacht charter business entails the sale of specifically designed yachts to third parties for inclusion in our yacht charter fleet a yacht management agreement under which yacht owners enable us to put their yachts in our yacht charter program for a period of several years for a fixed monthly fee payable by us our services in storing, insuring, and maintaining their yachts and the charter by us of these yachts to vacation customers at agreed fees payable to us. Our failure to find purchasers for yachts intended for our charter fleet will increase our boat inventory and related operating costs lack of sales into our charter fleet may result in increased losses due to market adjustments of our yacht charter inventory and our failure to generate a sufficient number of vacation charter customers will require us to absorb all the costs of the monthly fees to the yacht owners as well as other operating costs. 
 Customers consider safety and reliability a primary concern in selecting a yacht charter provider. The yacht charter business may present a number of safety risks including, but not limited to, catastrophic disaster, adverse weather and marine conditions, such as Hurricane Irma in 2017, mechanical failure and collision, and health issues such as the COVID-19 pandemic. If we are unable to maintain acceptable records for safety and reliability, our ability to retain current customers and attract new customers may be adversely affected. Additionally, any safety issue encountered during a yacht charter may result in claims against us as well as negative publicity. Beginning in March 2020, we temporarily closed our facilities in the British Virgin Islands and yacht charters based on guidance from local government and health officials as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic . Additionally, our yacht charter brokerage business in Europe has slowed as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. Yacht charters resumed during fiscal 2021, but the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and the duration for which it may have an impact cannot be determined at this time. These events could have a material adverse effect on the competitive position and financial performance of both our yacht charter business and our core retail sales business. 
 The yacht charter business is also highly fragmented, consisting primarily of local operators and franchisees. Competition among charter operators is based on location, the type and size of yachts offered, charter rates, destinations serviced, and attention to customer service. Yacht charters also face competition from other travel and leisure options, including, but not limited to, cruises, hotels, resorts, theme parks, organized tours, land-based casino operators, and vacation ownership properties. We therefore risk losing business not only to other charter operators, but also to vacation operators that provide such alternatives. 
 We depend on income from financing, insurance and extended service contracts. 
 A portion of our income results from referral fees derived from the placement or marketing of various finance and insurance products, consisting of customer financing, insurance products, and extended service contracts, the most significant component of which is the participation and other fees resulting from our sale of customer financing contracts. 
 24 
 
 The availability of financing for our boat purchasers and the level of participation and other fees we receive in connection with such financing depend on the particular agreement between us and the lender and the current rate environment. Lenders may impose terms in their boat financing arrangements with us that may be unfavorable to us or our customers. Laws or regulations may be enacted nationally or locally which could result in fees from lenders being eliminated or reduced, materially impacting our operating results. If customer financing becomes more difficult to secure, it may adversely impact our business. 
 Changes, including the lengthening of manufacturer warranties, may reduce our ability to offer and sell extended service contracts which may have a material adverse impact on our ability to sell F&I products. 
 The reduction of profit margins on sales of F&I products or the lack of demand for or the unavailability of these products could have a material adverse effect on our operating margins. 
 Our continued success is dependent on positive perceptions of our MarineMax brand which, if impaired, could adversely affect our sales. 
 We believe that our MarineMax brand is one of the reasons our customers choose to come to us for their boating needs. To be successful, we must preserve our reputation. Reputational value is based in large part on perceptions, and broad access to social media makes it easy for anyone to provide public feedback that can influence perceptions of us. It may be difficult to control negative publicity, regardless of whether it is accurate. While reputations may take decades to build, any negative incidents can quickly erode trust and confidence, particularly if they result in significant negative mainstream and/or social media publicity, governmental investigations, or litigation. Additionally, an isolated business incident at a single retail location could materially adversely affect our other stores, retail brands, reputation and sales channels, particularly if such incident results in significant adverse publicity, governmental investigations or litigation. Negative incidents, such as quality and safety concerns or incidents related to our manufacturers products, could lead to tangible adverse effects on our business, including lost sales or team member retention and recruiting difficulties. In addition, vendors and others with whom we choose to do business may affect our reputation. 
 Our operations are dependent upon key personnel and team members. 
 Our success depends, in large part, upon our ability to attract, train and retain, qualified team members and executive officers, as well as the continuing efforts and abilities of team members and executive officers. Although we have employment agreements with certain of our executive officers and management succession plans, we cannot ensure that these or other executive personnel and team members will remain with us, or that our succession planning will adequately mitigate the risk associated with key personnel transitions. As a result of our decentralized operating strategy, we also rely on the management teams of our dealerships. In addition, we likely will depend on the senior management of any significant businesses we acquire in the future. 
 The products we sell, or services we provide, may expose us to potential liabilities for personal injury or property damage claims relating to the use of those products. 
 Manufacturers of the products we sell generally maintain product liability insurance. We also maintain third-party product liability insurance that we believe to be adequate. We may experience claims that are not covered by, or that are in excess of, our insurance coverage. The institution of any significant claims against us could subject us to damages, result in higher insurance costs, and harm our business reputation with potential customers. 
 We manufacture and sell products that create exposure to potential claims and litigation. 
 Our manufacturing operations and the products we produce could result in product quality, warranty, personal injury, property damage, and other issues, thereby increasing the risk of litigation and potential liability, as well as regulatory fines. Historically, the resolution of such claims has not had a materially adverse effect on our business, and we maintain what we believe to be adequate insurance coverage to mitigate a portion of these risks. However, we may experience material losses in the future, incur significant costs to defend claims or issue product recalls, experience claims in excess of our insurance coverage or that are not covered by insurance, or be subjected to fines or penalties. Our reputation may be adversely affected by such claims, whether or not successful, including potential negative publicity about our products. We record accruals for known potential liabilities, but there is the possibility that actual losses may exceed these accruals and therefore negatively impact earnings. 
 We have a fixed cost base that can affect our profitability if demand decreases. 
 The fixed cost levels of operating a boat and yacht manufacturer can put pressure on profit margins when sales and production decline. Our profitability depends, in part, on our ability to spread fixed costs over a sufficiently large number of products sold and shipped, and if we make a decision to reduce our rate of production, gross or net margins could be negatively affected. Consequently, decreased demand or the need to reduce production can lower our ability to absorb fixed costs and materially impact our financial condition or results of operations. 
 25 
 
 Adverse federal or state tax policies can have a negative effect on us. 
 Changes in federal and state tax laws, such as an imposition of luxury taxes on new boat purchases, increases in prevailing federal or state tax rates, and removal of certain interest deductions, also influence consumers decisions to purchase products we offer and could have a negative effect on our sales. For example, during 1991 and 1992, the federal government imposed a luxury tax on new recreational boats with sales prices in excess of 100,000, which coincided with a sharp decline in boating industry sales from a high of more than 17.9 billion in 1988 to a low of 10.3 billion in 1992. 
 In addition, increases in the United States corporate income tax rates (as currently being contemplated by the legislative and federal branches) would have an adverse effect on our financial performance and financial condition. Further, related increases in capital gains rates, personal income tax rates or both could have an adverse effect on the buying power of potential customers and therefore an adverse effect on our financial performance and financial condition. 
 Risks Related to the Environment and Geography 
 Weather and environmental conditions may adversely impact our business. 
 Weather and environmental conditions may adversely impact our operating results. For example, drought conditions, reduced rainfall levels, excessive rain and environmental conditions, and hurricanes may force boating areas to close or render boating dangerous or inconvenient, thereby curtailing customer demand for our products. While we traditionally maintain a full range of insurance coverage for any such events, there can be no assurance that such insurance coverage is adequate to cover losses that we sustain as a result of such disasters. In addition, unseasonably cool weather and prolonged winter conditions may lead to shorter selling seasons in certain locations. Many of our dealerships sell boats to customers for use on reservoirs, thereby subjecting our business to the continued viability of these reservoirs for boating use. Although our geographic diversity and any future geographic expansion should reduce the overall impact on us of adverse weather and environmental conditions in any one market area, weather and environmental conditions will continue to represent potential material adverse risks to us and our future operating performance. Additionally, to the extent unfavorable weather conditions are exacerbated by global climate change, regardless of the cause, resulting in environmental changes including, but not limited to, severe weather, changing sea levels, poor water conditions, or reduced access to water, which could disrupt or negatively affect our business. 
 Environmental and climate changes could affect our business. 
 We operate many retail locations near or on bodies of water that are acutely susceptible to the risks associated with climate change. Such risks include those related to the physical impacts of climate change, such as more frequent and severe weather events, rising sea levels, and/or long term shifts in climate patterns, and risks related to the transition to a lower-carbon economy, such as reputational, market and/or regulatory risks. Climate change and climate events could result in social, cultural and economic disruptions in these areas, including supply chain disruptions, the disruption of local infrastructure and transportation systems that could limit the ability of our team members and our customers to access our retail locations. These events could also compound adverse economic conditions and impact consumer confidence and discretionary spending. 
 A significant amount of our boat sales are from the State of Florida. 
 Economic conditions, weather and environmental conditions, competition, market conditions, and any other adverse conditions impacting the State of Florida in which we generated approximately 54 , 54 and 50 of our revenue during fiscal 2019, 2020, and 2021, respectively, could have a major impact on our operations. 
 Environmental and other regulatory issues may impact our operations. 
 Our operations are subject to extensive regulation, supervision, and licensing under various federal, state and local statutes, ordinances and regulations, such as those relating to finance and insurance, consumer protection, consumer privacy, escheatment, anti-money laundering, environmental, emissions, health or safety, U.S. trade sanctions, the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and employment practices. With respect to employment practices, we are subject to various laws and regulations, including complex federal, state and local wage and hour and anti-discrimination laws. The failure to satisfy those and other regulatory requirements could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations, as well as potentially the assessment of damages, the imposition of penalties, changes to our processes, or a cessation of our operations, and/or damage to our image and reputation. 
 Various federal, state, and local regulatory agencies, including OSHA, EPA, and similar federal and local agencies, have jurisdiction over the operation of our dealerships, repair facilities, and other operations, with respect to matters such as consumer protection, workers safety, and laws regarding protection of the environment, including air, water, and soil. The EPA promulgated emissions regulations for outboard marine engines that impose stricter emissions standards for two-cycle, gasoline outboard marine 
 26 
 
 engines. It is possible that environmental regulatory bodies (including state regulatory bodies) may impose higher emissions standards in the future for these and other marine engines. Any increased costs of producing engines resulting from current or potentially higher EPA or state standards in the future could be passed on to our company, or could result in the inability or potential unforeseen delays of our manufacturers to comply with current and future EPA or state requirements, and these potential consequences could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 Certain of our facilities own and operate USTs, and ASTs for the storage of various petroleum products. USTs and ASTs are generally subject to federal, state and local laws and regulations that require testing and upgrading of tanks and remediation of contaminated soils and groundwater resulting from leaking tanks. In addition, we may be subject to civil liability to third parties for remediation costs or other damages if leakage from our owned or operated tanks migrates onto the property of others. 
 Our business involves the use, handling, storage, and contracting for recycling or disposal of hazardous or toxic substances or wastes, including environmentally sensitive materials, such as motor oil, waste motor oil and filters, transmission fluid, antifreeze, freon, waste paint and lacquer thinner, batteries, solvents, lubricants, degreasing agents, gasoline and diesel fuels. Accordingly, we are subject to regulation by federal, state and local authorities establishing investigation and health and environmental quality standards, and liability related thereto, and providing penalties for violations of those standards. 
 Our Product Manufacturing segment is regulated by federal, state and local environmental laws governing our use, transport and disposal of substances and control of emissions. While we are unaware of any failure to comply with these laws or any contamination at our facilities, the costs of compliance, including remediations of any discovered issues and any changes to our operations mandated by new or amended laws, may be significant, and any failures to comply could result in material expenses, delays or fines. 
 We also are subject to laws, ordinances, and regulations governing investigation and remediation of contamination at facilities we operate or to which we send hazardous or toxic substances or wastes for treatment, recycling or disposal. In particular, the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act CERCLA or Superfund imposes joint, strict, and several liability on: 

owners or operators of facilities at, from, or to which a release of hazardous substances has occurred 

parties that generated hazardous substances that were released at such facilities and 

parties that transported or arranged for the transportation of hazardous substances to such facilities. 

 A majority of states have adopted Superfund statutes comparable to and, in some cases, more stringent than CERCLA. If we were to be found to be a responsible party under CERCLA or a similar state statute, we could be held liable for all investigative and remedial costs associated with addressing such contamination. In addition, claims alleging personal injury or property damage may be brought against us as a result of alleged exposure to hazardous substances resulting from our operations. In addition, certain of our retail locations are located on waterways that are subject to federal or state laws regulating navigable waters (including oil pollution prevention), fish and wildlife, and other matters. 
 Soil and groundwater contamination has been known to exist at certain properties owned or leased by us. We have also been required and may in the future be required to remove USTs and ASTs containing hazardous substances or wastes. As to certain of our properties, specific releases of petroleum have been or are in the process of being remediated in accordance with state and federal guidelines. We are monitoring the soil and groundwater as required by applicable state and federal guidelines. We also may have additional storage tank liability insurance and Superfund coverage where applicable. Environmental laws and regulations are complex and subject to frequent change. Compliance with amended, new or more stringent laws or regulations, more strict interpretations of existing laws, or the future discovery of environmental conditions may require additional expenditures by us, and such expenditures may be material. 
 Additionally, certain states have required or are considering requiring a license in order to operate a recreational boat. These regulations could discourage potential buyers, thereby limiting future sales and adversely affecting our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 Risks Related to Cybersecurity 
 Increased cybersecurity requirements, vulnerabilities, threats and more sophisticated and targeted computer crime could pose a risk to our systems, networks, data and our third-party service providers. Our business operations could be negatively impacted by an outage or breach of our informational technology systems or a cybersecurity event. 
 Our business is dependent upon the efficient operation of our technology platform. The platform facilitates the interchange of information and enhances cross-selling opportunities throughout our company. The platform integrates each level of operations on a Company-wide basis, including but not limited to inventory, financial reporting, budgeting, marketing, sales management, as well as to prepare our consolidated financial and operating data. The failure of our technology platform to perform as designed or the failure to maintain and enhance or protect the integrity of our technology platform and those of our third-party service providers, could 
 27 
 
 disrupt our business operations, impact sales and the results of operations, expose us to customer or third-party claims, or result in adverse publicity. 
 Increased global cybersecurity vulnerabilities, threats and more sophisticated and targeted cyber-related attacks (including ransomware) pose a risk to the security of our and our customers , suppliers and third-party service providers products, systems and networks and the confidentiality, availability and integrity of our data. Unauthorized parties may also attempt to gain access to our systems or facilities, or those of third parties with whom we do business, through fraud, trickery or other forms of deceiving our team members, contractors, vendors, and temporary staff. While we attempt to mitigate these risks by employing extensive measures, including employee training, systems, monitoring and testing, and maintenance of protective systems and contingency plans, we remain potentially vulnerable to additional known or unknown threats. 
 We may also have access to sensitive, confidential or personal data or information that is subject to privacy, security laws, and regulations. Despite our efforts to protect sensitive, confidential or personal data or information, we and our third-party service providers may be vulnerable to security breaches, theft, misplaced or lost data, programming errors, employee errors and/or malfeasance that could potentially lead to the compromising of sensitive, confidential or personal data or information, improper use of our systems, unauthorized access, use, disclosure, modification or destruction of information, and operational disruptions. 
 It is possible that we or our third-party service providers might not be aware of a successful cyber-related attack on our systems until well after the incident. In addition, a cyber-related attack could result in other negative consequences, including damage to our reputation or competitiveness, remediation or increased protection costs, litigation or regulatory action, and could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Depending on the nature of the information compromised, we may have obligations to notify customers and/or employees about the incident, and we may need to provide some form of remedy, such as a subscription to a credit monitoring service, for the individuals affected by the incident, which could result in material reputational damage to us. While we traditionally maintain a full range of insurance coverage for any such events, there can be no assurance that such insurance coverage is adequate to cover losses that we sustain as a result of an outage or breach of our informational technology systems or a cybersecurity event. 
 We are also subject to laws and regulations in the United States and other countries concerning the handling of personal information, including laws that require us to notify governmental authorities and/or affected individuals of data breaches involving certain personal information. These laws and regulations include, for example, the European General Data Protection Regulation, effective May 2018, and the California Consumer Privacy Act, effective January 2020. Regulatory actions or litigation seeking to impose significant penalties could be brought against us in the event of a data breach or alleged non-compliance with such laws and regulations. 
 Risks Related to Our Common Stock 
 The timing and amount of our share repurchases are subject to a number of uncertainties. 
 In March 2020, the Board of Directors approved a new stock repurchase plan authorizing the Company to purchase up to 10 million shares of its commons stock through March 2022. There is no guarantee that our stock repurchase plans will be able to successfully mitigate the dilutive effect of stock options and stock-based grants. The success of our stock repurchase plans is based upon a number of factors, including the price and availability of the Company s stock, general market conditions, the nature of other investment opportunities available to us from time to time, and the availability of cash. 
 We do not pay cash dividends. 
 We have never paid cash dividends on our common stock and we have no current intention to do so for the foreseeable future. 
 If securities analysts do not publish research or reports about our company, or if they issue unfavorable commentary about us or our industry or downgrade our common stock, the price of our common stock could decline. 
 The trading market for our common stock depends in part on the research and reports that third-party securities analysts publish about our company and our industry. We may be unable or slow to attract research coverage and if one or more analysts cease coverage of our company, we could lose visibility in the market. In addition, one or more of these analysts could downgrade our common stock or issue other negative commentary about our company or our industry. As a result of one or more of these factors, the trading price of our common stock could decline. 

Item 1B. 
 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 

 None. 
 28 

Item 2. 
 
 Properties 

 The Retail Operations segment includes our leased corporate offices in Clearwater, Florida. We also lease 50 properties under leases in the United States and British Virgin Islands, many of which contain multi-year renewal options and some of which grant us right of first refusal to purchase the property at fair value. In most cases, we pay a fixed rent at negotiated rates. In substantially all of the leased locations, we are responsible for taxes, utilities, insurance, and routine repairs and maintenance. We own 34 properties associated with the retail locations we operate. Additionally, we own three retail locations that are currently closed as noted below. A store is considered one or more retail locations that are adjacent or operate as one entity. Fraser Yachts Group and Northrop & Johnson lease offices in the United States and Europe. 
 29 
 
 The following table reflects the status, approximate size, and facilities of the various retail locations in the United States and British Virgin Islands we operate as of the date of this report. 

Location 

Location Type 

Square 
 Footage(1) 

Facilities at Property 

Operated 
 Since(2) 

Waterfront 

Alabama 

Gulf Shores 

Company owned 

4,000 

Retail and service 

1998 

California 

Newport Beach 

Third-party lease 

1,000 

Retail only, 4 wet slips 

2020 

Newport Bay 

San Diego 

Third-party lease 

1,400 

Retail only, 12 wet slips 

2020 

San Diego Bay 

Sausalito 

Third-party lease 

2,000 

Retail and service 6 wet slips 

2020 

Richardson Bay 

Connecticut 

Norwalk 

Third-party lease 

9,000 

Retail and service 56 wet slips 

1994 

Norwalk Harbor 

Westbrook 

Third-party lease 

4,200 

Retail and service 

1998 

Westbrook Harbor 

Florida 

Cape Haze 

Company owned 

18,000 

Retail only, 8 wet slips 

Intracoastal Waterway 

Clearwater 

Company owned 

42,000 

Retail and service 20 wet slips 

1973 

Tampa Bay 

Cocoa 

Company owned 

15,000 

Retail and service 

1968 

Dania 

Company owned 

32,000 

Repair and service 16 wet slips 

1991 

Port Everglades 

Fort Walton Beach 

Third-party lease 

3,000 

Repair and service 83 wet slips 

2019 

Choctawhatchee Bay 

Fort Myers 

Company owned 

60,000 

Retail, service, and storage 64 wet slips 

1983 

Caloosahatchee River 

Jacksonville 

Third-party lease 

9,000 

Retail and service 

2016 

Intracoastal Waterway 

Key Largo 

Third-party lease 

8,900 

Retail and service 6 wet slips 

2002 

Card Sound 

Miami 

Company owned 

7,200 

Retail and service 15 wet slips 

1980 

Little River 

Miami 

Company owned 

5,000 

Service only 11 wet slips 

2005 

Little River 

Naples 

Company owned 

19,600 

Retail and service 14 wet slips 

1997 

Naples Bay 

North Palm Beach 

Third-party lease 

1,000 

Retail only 

2016 

Intracoastal Waterway 

Orlando 

Third-party lease 

18,400 

Retail and service 

1984 

Panama City 

Third-party lease 

10,500 

Retail only 8 wet slips 

2011 

Saint Andrews Bay 

Pensacola 

Company owned 

52,800 

Retail, service, and storage 60 wet slips 

2016 

Pensacola Bay 

Pompano Beach 

Company owned 

23,000 

Retail and service 16 wet slips 

1990 

Intracoastal Waterway 

Pompano Beach 

Company owned 

5,400 

Retail and service 24 wet slips 

2005 

Intracoastal Waterway 

Sarasota 

Third-party lease 

26,500 

Retail, service, and storage 15 wet slips 

1972 

Sarasota Bay 

St. Petersburg 

Company owned 

15,000 

Retail and service 20 wet slips 

2006 

Boca Ciega Bay 

Stuart 

Company owned 

29,100 

Retail and service 66 wet slips 

2002 

Intracoastal Waterway 

Venice 

Company owned 

62,000 

Retail, service, and storage 90 wet slips 

1972 

Intracoastal Waterway 

Georgia 

Buford (Atlanta) (3) 

Company owned 

13,500 

Retail and service 

2001 

Cumming (Atlanta) 

Third-party lease 

13,000 

Retail and service 50 wet slips 

1981 

Lake Lanier 

Savannah 

Third-party lease 

50,600 

Retail, marina, service and storage 36 wet slips 

2017 

Wilmington River 

Illinois 

Praire Harbor 

Third-party lease 

3,500 

Marina, 140 wet slips 

2020 

Lake Michigan 

30 

Sequoit Harbor Antioch 

Third-party lease 

85,300 

Retail, marina, service and storage 208 wet slips 

2020 

Lake Marie 

Winthrop Harbor 

Third-party lease 

319,100 

Retail, marina, service and storage 53 wet slips 

2020 

Lake Michigan 

Maryland 

Baltimore 

Third-party lease 

7,600 

Retail and service 17 wet slips 

2005 

Baltimore Inner Harbor 

Kent Island 

Third-party lease 

30,500 

Retail, service, and storage 

2021 

Kent Narrows 

Joppa (3) 

Company owned 

28,400 

Retail, service, and storage 294 wet slips 

1966 

Gunpowder River 

Massachusetts 

Danvers 

Third-party lease 

32,000 

Retail and service 

2016 

Quincy 

Company owned 

14,700 

Retail, service, and storage 247 wet slips 

2018 

Town River 

Michigan 

Bay City 

Third-party lease 

195,800 

Retail, marina, service and storage 59 wet slips 

2020 

Saginaw River 

Bele Mear Harbor 

Third-party lease 

8,500 

Retail and service, 4 wet slips 

2020 

Lake St. Clair 

Cass Lake 

Third-party lease 

31,600 

Retail, marina, service and storage 124 wet slips 

2020 

Cass Lake 

Grand Haven 

Third-party lease 

32,000 

Retail, service, and storage 6 wet slips 

2020 

Spring Lake 

Lake Fenton 

Third-party lease 

57,900 

Retail, marina, service and storage 123 wet slips 

2020 

Lake Fenton 

Mac Ray Harbor 

Third-party lease 

300 

Retail only, 4 wet slips 

2020 

Lake St. Clair 

Minnesota 

Bayport 

Third-party lease 

500 

Retail only 10 wet slips 

1996 

St. Croix River 

Excelsior 

Third-party lease 

2,500 

Retail only 14 wet slips 

2013 

Lake Minnetonka 

Rogers 

Company owned 

70,000 

Retail, service, and storage 

1991 

Nisswa 

Company owned 

108,400 

Retail, service, and storage 

2021 

Nisswa Lake 

Missouri 

Lake Ozark 

Company owned 

60,300 

Retail, service, and storage 300 wet slips 

1987 

Lake of the Ozarks 

Laurie (3) 

Company owned 

700 

Retail and service 

Osage Beach 

Company owned 

2,000 

Retail and service 

1987 

New Jersey 

Brant Beach 

Company owned 

3,800 

Retail, service, and storage 36 wet slips 

1965 

Barnegat Bay 

Brick 

Company owned 

20,000 

Retail, service, and storage 225 wet slips 

1977 

Manasquan River 

Lake Hopatcong 

Company owned 

4,600 

Retail and service 80 wet slips 

1998 

Lake Hopatcong 

Ship Bottom 

Company owned 

19,300 

Retail and service 

1972 

Somers Point 

Company owned 

31,000 

Retail, service, and storage 33 wet slips 

1987 

Little Egg Harbor Bay 

Ocean View 

Third-party lease 

13,800 

Retail, service, and storage 

2018 

New York 

Huntington 

Third-party lease 

1,200 

Retail and service 

1995 

Huntington Harbor and Long Island Sound 

North Carolina 

Lake Norman 

Third-party lease 

10,300 

Retail only 

2017 

Southport 

Third-party lease 

1,600 

Retail only 

2008 

Cape Fear River 

Wrightsville Beach 

Third-party lease 

34,500 

Retail, service, and storage 

1996 

Masonboro Inlet 

Ohio 

Marina Del Isle 

Third-party lease 

163,800 

Retail, marina, service and storage 189 wet slips 

2020 

Lake Erie 

31 

Port Clinton 

Company owned 

80,000 

Retail, service and storage 8 wet slips 

1997 

Lake Erie 

Oklahoma 

Grand Lake 

Company owned 

3,500 

Retail and service 23 wet slips 

2019 

Grand Lake 

Rhode Island 

Newport 

Third-party lease 

700 

Retail only 

2011 

Newport Harbor 

South Carolina 

Charleston 

Third-party lease 

14,800 

Retail, service, and storage 

2017 

Greenville 

Third-party lease 

24,500 

Retail, service, and storage 

2017 

Lake Wylie 

Third-party lease 

76,400 

Retail, marina, service and storage 82 wet slips 

2017 

Lake Wylie 

Texas 

Austin 

Third-party lease 

26,000 

Retail and service 

2019 

San Antonio 

Third-party lease 

14,100 

Retail and service 

2019 

Lakeway 

Third-party lease 

10,000 

Retail only 

2019 

Lewisville (Dallas) 

Company owned 

22,000 

Retail and service 

2002 

Seabrook 

Company owned 

32,000 

Retail and service 30 wet slips 

2002 

Clear Lake 

Aubrey 

Company owned 

15,000 

Retail and service 

2021 

Fort Worth 

Company owned 

30,000 

Retail and service 

2021 

Washington 

Seattle 

Third-party lease 

400 

Retail only, 6 wet slips 

2020 

Lake Union 

Wisconsin 

Harbor Club Marina 

Third-party lease 

1,000 

Marina, 140 wet slips 

2020 

Sturgeon Bay 

Lake Geneva 

Third-party lease 

114,900 

Retail, service and storage 2 wet slips 

2020 

Madison 

Third-party lease 

138,300 

Retail, marina, service and storage 135 wet slips 

2020 

Lake Mendota 

Milwaukee 

Third-party lease 

68,100 

Retail, service and storage 11 wet slips 

2020 

Kinnickinnic River 

Oshkosh 

Third-party lease 

98,300 

Retail, marina, service and storage 98 wet slips 

2020 

Lake Butte Des Mortes 

Pewaukee 

Third-party lease 

157,200 

Retail, service and storage 

2020 

Sturgeon Bay 

Third-party lease 

222,200 

Retail, marina, service and storage 260 wet slips 

2020 

Sturgeon Bay 

British Virgin 
 Islands 

Tortola 

Third-party lease 

2,600 

Vacation charters 45 wet slips 

2011 

Caribbean Sea 

(1) 
 
 Square footage is approximate and does not include outside sales space or dock or marina facilities. 

(2) 
 
 Operated since date is the date the facility was opened by us or opened prior to its acquisition by us. 

3 
 
 Owned location that is currently closed. 

We have leased offices in the United States through the Fraser Yachts Group and Northrop & Johnson in Ft. Lauderdale, Florida and San Diego, California as well as leased offices outside the United States in Monaco, France, Italy, Spain, and the United Kingdom. 
 The Product Manufacturing segment operates out of three owned manufacturing properties, two in in the Green Bay, Wisconsin metropolitan area, and one in Largo, Florida. Additionally, we have one office that we own in the Green Bay, Wisconsin metropolitan area, and one leased office in Dania, Florida. 
 We believe that our properties are suitable and adequate for our current needs. We believe that our manufacturing facilities have adequate capacity to meet our current and anticipated demand. We believe that our properties are well maintained and in good operating condition. 
 32 

Item 3. 
 
 Legal Proceedings 

 We are party to various legal actions arising in the ordinary course of business. While it is not feasible to determine the actual outcome of these actions as of September 30, 2021, we do not believe that these matters will have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 

Item 4. 
 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 

 Not applicable. 
 PART II 

Item 5. 
 
 Market for the Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

 Market Information, Holders 
 Our common stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol HZO . The following table sets forth high and low sale prices of the common stock for each calendar quarter indicated as reported on the New York Stock Exchange. 

High 

Low 

2019 

Fourth quarter 

18.76 

14.56 

2020 

First quarter 

23.15 

7.25 

Second quarter 

23.00 

7.80 

Third quarter 

34.06 

21.93 

Fourth quarter 

39.96 

25.54 

2021 

First quarter 

63.99 

34.14 

Second quarter 

70.89 

44.06 

Third quarter 

56.00 

43.75 

Fourth quarter (through November 15, 2021) 

57.20 

46.10 

On November 15, 2021, the closing sale price of our common stock was 56.85 per share. On November 15, 2021, there were approximately 50 record holders and approximately 23,000 beneficial owners of our common stock. 
 Dividends 
 We have never declared or paid cash dividends on our common stock. We currently plan to retain any earnings to finance the growth of our business rather than to pay cash dividends. Payments of any cash dividends in the future will depend on our financial condition, results of operations, statutory restrictions, loan covenants and capital requirements as well as other factors deemed relevant by our Board of Directors (such as market expectations). 
 33 
 
 Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer 
 The following table presents information with respect to our repurchases of our common stock during the three months ended September 30, 2021. 

Period 

Total 
 Number 
 of Shares 
 Purchased (1)(2) 

Average 
 Price Paid 
 per Share 

Total Number 
 of Shares 
 Purchased 
 as Part of 
 Publicly 
 Announced 
 Plans or 
 Programs 

Maximum Number of Shares that may be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs 

July 1, 2021 to July 31, 2021 

163,673 

47.56 

163,673 

9,466,268 

August 1, 2021 to August 31, 2021 

46,504 

49.12 

46,504 

9,419,764 

September 1, 2021 to September 30, 2021 

59,075 

48.52 

9,419,764 

Total 

269,252 

48.04 

210,177 

9,419,764 

(1) 
 
 Under the terms of the new share repurchase program announced on March 16, 2020, the Company is authorized to purchase up to 10 million shares of its common stock through March 31, 2022. 

(2) 
 
 59,075 shares reported in September 2021 are attributable to shares tendered by employees for the payment of applicable withholding taxes in connection with the vesting of restricted stock or restricted stock unit awards. 

 Performance Graph 
 The following line graph compares cumulative total shareholder returns for the five years ended September 30, 2021 for (i) our common stock, (ii) the Russell 2000 Index, and (iii) the Nasdaq Retail Trade Index. The graph assumes an investment of 100 on September 30, 2016. The calculations of cumulative shareholder return on the Russell 2000 Index and the Nasdaq Retail Trade Index include reinvestment of dividends. The calculation of cumulative shareholder return on our common stock does not include reinvestment of dividends because we did not pay any dividends during the measurement period. The historical performance shown is not necessarily indicative of future performance. 

The performance graph above shall not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or Exchange Act, or otherwise subject to the liability of that section. The performance graph above will not be deemed incorporated by reference into any filing of our company under the Exchange Act or the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
 
 34 

Item 6. 
 
 Selected Financial Data 

 Not applicable. 
 
 35 

Item 7. 
 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

 The following should be read in conjunction with Part I, including the matters set forth in the Risk Factors section of this report, and our consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included elsewhere in this report. This section of this Form 10-K generally discusses fiscal 2021 and 2020 items and year-to-year comparisons between fiscal 2021 and 2020. Discussions of fiscal 2019 items and year-to-year comparisons between fiscal 2020 and 2019 that are not included in this Form 10-K can be found in the Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in Part II, Item 7 of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2020. 
 Overview 
 In March 2020, the outbreak of COVID-19 caused by a novel strain of the coronavirus was recognized as a pandemic by the World Health Organization, and the outbreak is widespread throughout the United States (including Florida in which we generated approximately 54 , 54 , and 50 of our revenue during fiscal 2019, 2020, and 2021, respectively), and in other countries in which we operate. As a result, from March 2020 through June 2020, we temporarily closed certain departments or locations based on guidance from local government or health officials . Currently, all of our stores are fully operational, but the effects of COVID-19 (including the related international, federal, state, and local governmental actions and regulations) remain unpredictable. We are following guidelines to ensure we are safely operating as recommended. Where possible, we are offering private personal showings as well as virtual appointments. Our digital platform is serving as an effective solution in this environment with robust online activity. Our experienced teams continue to engage with customers virtually and in our stores to help customers select their boats and obtain appropriate services. 
 We believe we are the largest recreational boat and yacht retailer and superyacht services company in the world. Through our current 79 retail locations in 21 states (as of the filing of this Annual Report on Form 10-K), we sell new and used recreational boats and related marine products, including engines, trailers, parts, and accessories. We also arrange related boat financing, insurance, and extended service contracts provide boat repair and maintenance services offer yacht and boat brokerage sales and, where available, offer slip and storage accommodations. In the British Virgin Islands we offer the charter of catamarans, through MarineMax Vacations. We also own Fraser Yachts Group, a leading superyacht brokerage and luxury yacht services company with operations in multiple countries. In July 2020, we acquired Northrop & Johnson, another leading superyacht brokerage and services company with operations in multiple countries. In October 2020, we purchased all of the outstanding equity of SkipperBud s. SkipperBud s is one of the largest boat sales, brokerage, service and marina/storage groups in the United States. In May 2021, we purchased all of the outstanding equity of Cruisers Yachts. Cruisers Yachts, a wholly-owned MarineMax subsidiary, manufactures sport yacht and yachts with sales through our select retail dealership locations and through independent dealers, and is recognized as one of the world s premier manufacturers of premium sport yacht and yachts. In July 2021, we acquired Nisswa Marine, a full-service dealer located in Minnesota. In November 2021, we acquired Intrepid, a premier manufacturer of powerboats, and Texas MasterCraft, a premier watersports dealer in Northern Texas. 
 MarineMax was incorporated in January 1998 (and reincorporated in Florida in March 2015). We commenced operations with the acquisition of five independent recreational boat dealers on March 1, 1998. Since the initial acquisitions in March 1998, we have, as of the filing of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, acquired 32 recreational boat dealers, four boat brokerage operations, two full-service yacht repair operations, and two boat and yacht manufacturers. As a part of our acquisition strategy, we frequently engage in discussions with various recreational boat dealers regarding their potential acquisition by us. Potential acquisition discussions frequently take place over a long period of time and involve difficult business integration and other issues, including, in some cases, management succession and related matters. As a result of these and other factors, a number of potential acquisitions that from time to time appear likely to occur do not result in binding legal agreements and are not consummated. We completed two acquisitions in the fiscal year ended September 30, 2019, two acquisitions in the fiscal year ended September 30, 2020, and three acquisitions in the fiscal year ending September 30, 2021. 
 General economic conditions and consumer spending patterns can negatively impact our operating results. Unfavorable local, regional, national or global economic developments or uncertainties regarding future economic prospects could reduce consumer spending in the markets we serve and adversely affect our business. Economic conditions in areas in which we operate dealerships, particularly Florida in which we generated approximately 54 , 54 , and 50 of our revenue during fiscal 2019, 2020, and 2021, respectively, can have a major impact on our operations. Local influences, such as corporate downsizing, military base closings, and inclement weather such as hurricanes and other storms, environmental conditions, and specific events, such as the BP oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico in 2010, also could adversely affect, and in certain instances have adversely affected, our operations in certain markets. 
 In an economic downturn, consumer discretionary spending levels generally decline, at times resulting in disproportionately large reductions in the sale of luxury goods. Consumer spending on luxury goods also may decline as a result of lower consumer confidence levels, even if prevailing economic conditions are favorable. As a result, an economic downturn could impact us more than certain of our competitors due to our strategic focus on a higher end of our market. Although we have expanded our operations during 
 36 
 
 periods of stagnant or modestly declining industry trends, the cyclical nature of the recreational boating industry or the lack of industry growth may adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Any period of adverse economic conditions or low consumer confidence is likely to have a negative effect on our business. 
 Historically, in periods of lower consumer spending and depressed economic conditions, we have, among other things, substantially reduced our acquisition program, delayed new store openings, reduced our inventory purchases, engaged in inventory reduction efforts, closed a number of our retail locations, reduced our headcount, and amended and replaced our credit facility. 
 Although past economic conditions have adversely affected our operating results, we believe during and after such conditions we have capitalized on our core strengths to substantially outperform the industry, resulting in market share gains. Our ability to capture such market share supports the alignment of our retailing strategies with the desires of consumers. We believe the steps we have taken to address weak market conditions in the past have yielded, and we believe will yield in the future, an increase in revenue. Acquisitions remain an important strategy for us, and, subject to a number of conditions, including macro-economic conditions and finding attractive acquisition targets, we plan to explore opportunities through this strategy. We expect our core strengths and retailing strategies including our digital platform, will position us to capitalize on growth opportunities as they occur and will allow us to emerge with greater earnings potential. 
 Effective May 2, 2021, our reportable segments changed as a result of the Company s acquisition of Cruisers Yachts, which changed management s reporting structure and operating activities. We now report our operations through two new reportable segments: Retail Operations and Product Manufacturing. See Note 21 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 As of September 30, 2021, the Retail Operations segment includes the activity of 77 retail locations in Alabama, California, Connecticut, Florida, Georgia, Illinois, Maryland, Massachusetts, Michigan, Minnesota, Missouri, New Jersey, New York, North Carolina, Ohio, Oklahoma, Rhode Island, South Carolina, Texas, Washington and Wisconsin, where we sell new and used recreational boats, including pleasure and fishing boats, with a focus on premium brands in each segment. We also sell related marine products, including engines, trailers, parts, and accessories. In addition, we provide repair, maintenance, and slip and storage services we arrange related boat financing, insurance, and extended service contracts we offer boat and yacht brokerage sales yacht charter services. In the British Virgin Islands we offer the charter of catamarans, through MarineMax Vacations . Fraser Yachts Group and Northrop & Johnson, leading superyacht brokerage and luxury yacht services companies with operations in multiple countries, are also included in this segment. 
 As of September 30, 2021, the Product Manufacturing segment includes activity of Cruisers Yachts, a wholly-owned MarineMax subsidiary, manufacturing sport yacht and yachts with sales through our select retail dealership locations and through independent dealers. Cruisers Yachts is recognized as one of the world s premier manufacturers of premium sport yacht and yachts, producing models from 33 to 60 feet. 
 Application of Critical Accounting Policies 
 We have identified the policies below as critical to our business operations and the understanding of our results of operations. The impact and risks related to these policies on our business operations are discussed throughout Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations when such policies affect our reported and expected financial results. 
 In the ordinary course of business, we make a number of estimates and assumptions relating to the reporting of results of operations and financial condition in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. We base our estimates on historical experiences and on various other assumptions (including future earnings) that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances. The results of these assumptions form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities, including contingent assets and liabilities such as contingent consideration liabilities from acquisitions, which are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results could differ significantly from those estimates under different assumptions and conditions. We believe that the following discussion addresses our most critical accounting policies, which are those that are most important to the portrayal of our financial condition and results of operations and require our most difficult, subjective, and complex judgments, often as a result of the need to make estimates about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain. 
 37 
 
 Revenue Recognition 
 The majority of our revenue is from contracts with customers for the sale of boats, motors, and trailers. We recognize revenue from boat, motor, and trailer sales upon transfer of control of the boat, motor, or trailer to the customer, which is generally upon acceptance of the boat, motor, and trailer by the customer and the satisfaction of our performance obligations. The transaction price is determined with the customer at the time of sale. Customers may trade in a used boat to apply toward the purchase of a new or used boat. The trade-in is a type of noncash consideration measured at fair value, based on external and internal observable and unobservable market data and applied as payment to the contract price for the purchased boat. At the time of acceptance, the customer is able to direct the use of, and obtain substantially all of the benefits of the boat, motor, or trailer. We recognize commissions earned from a brokerage sale when the related brokerage transaction closes upon transfer of control of the boat, motor, or trailer to the customer, which is generally upon acceptance by the customer. 
 We do not directly finance our customers boat, motor, or trailer purchases. In many cases, we assist with third-party financing for boat, motor, and trailer sales. We recognize commissions earned by us for placing notes with financial institutions in connection with customer boat financing when we recognize the related boat sales. Pursuant to negotiated agreements with financial institutions, we are charged back for a portion of these fees should the customer terminate or default on the related finance contract before it is outstanding for a stipulated minimum period of time. We base the chargeback allowance, which was not material to the consolidated financial statements taken as a whole as of September 30, 2020 and 2021, on our experience with repayments or defaults on the related finance contracts. We recognize variable consideration from commissions earned on extended warranty service contracts sold on behalf of third-party insurance companies at generally the later of customer acceptance of the service contract terms as evidenced by contract execution or recognition of the related boat sale. We also recognize variable consideration from marketing fees earned on insurance products sold by third-party insurance companies at the later of customer acceptance of the insurance product as evidenced by contract execution or when the related boat sale is recognized. 
 We recognize revenue from parts and service operations (boat maintenance and repairs) over time as services are performed. Each boat maintenance and repair service is a single performance obligation that includes both the parts and labor associated with the service. Payment for boat maintenance and repairs is typically due upon the completion of the service, which is generally completed within a short period of time from contract inception. We satisfy our performance obligations, transfer control, and recognize revenue over time for parts and service operations because we are creating a contract asset with no alternative use and we have an enforceable right to payment for performance completed to date. Contract assets primarily relate to our right to consideration for work in process not yet billed at the reporting date associated with maintenance and repair services. We use an input method to recognize revenue and measure progress based on labor hours expended to satisfy the performance obligation at average labor rates. We have determined labor hours expended to be the relevant measure of work performed to complete the maintenance and repair service for the customer. As a practical expedient, because repair and maintenance service contracts have an original duration of one year or less, we do not consider the time value of money, and we do not disclose estimated revenue expected to be recognized in the future for performance obligations that are unsatisfied (or partially unsatisfied) at the end of the reporting period or when we expect to recognize such revenue. Contract assets, recorded in prepaid expenses and other current assets, totaled approximately 2.6 million and 5.7 million as of September 30, 2020 and September 30, 2021, respectively. 
 We recognize revenue from the sale of our manufactured yachts when control of the yacht is transferred to the dealer, which is generally upon acceptance by the dealer. At the time of acceptance, the dealer is able to direct the use of, and obtain substantially all of the benefits of the yacht. We have elected to record shipping and handling activities that occur after the dealer has obtained control of the yacht as a fulfillment activity. 
 Intersegment revenue represents yachts that were manufactured in our Product Manufacturing segment and were sold to our Retail Operations segment. The Product Manufacturing segment supplies our Retail Operations segment along with various independent dealers. 
 Contract liabilities primarily consist of customer deposits. We recognize contract liabilities (customer deposits) as revenue at the time of acceptance and the transfer of control to the customers. Total contract liabilities of approximately 24.3 million recorded as of September 30, 2019 were recognized in revenue during the fiscal year ended September 30, 2020. Total contract liabilities of approximately 31.8 million recorded as of September 30, 2020 were recognized in revenue during the fiscal year ended September 30, 2021. 
 We recognize deferred revenue from service operations and slip and storage services over time on a straight-line basis over the term of the contract as our performance obligations are met. We recognize income from the rentals of chartering power yachts over time on a straight-line basis over the term of the contract as our performance obligations are met. 
 38 

Inventories 
 Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value. The cost of inventories purchased from our vendors consist of the amount paid to acquire the inventory, net of vendor consideration and purchase discounts, the cost of equipment added, reconditioning costs, and transportation costs relating to acquiring inventory for sale. Trade-in used boats are initially recorded at fair value and adjusted for reconditioning and other costs. The cost of inventories that are manufactured by the Company consist of material, labor, and manufacturing overhead. Unallocated overhead and abnormal costs are expensed as incurred. New and used boats, motors, and trailers inventories are accounted for on a specific identification basis. Raw materials and parts, accessories, and other inventories are accounted for on an average cost basis. We utilize our historical experience, the aging of the inventories, and our consideration of current market trends as the basis for determining a lower of cost or net realizable value. Our valuation allowance contains uncertainties because the calculation requires management to make assumptions and to apply judgment regarding the amount at which the inventory will ultimately be sold which considers forecasted market trends, model changes, and new product introductions. We do not believe there is a reasonable likelihood that there will be a change in the future estimates or assumptions we use to calculate our valuation allowance which would result in a material effect on our operating results. As of September 30, 2020 and 2021, our valuation allowance for new and used boat, motor and trailer inventories was 2.4 million and 0.4 million, respectively. If events occur and market conditions change, causing the fair value to fall below carrying value, the valuation allowance could increase. 
 Goodwill 
 We account for acquisitions in accordance with FASB ASC 805, Business Combinations ASC 805 ), and goodwill in accordance with ASC 350, Intangibles Goodwill and Other ASC 350 ). For business combinations, the excess of the purchase price over the estimated fair value of net assets acquired in a business combination is recorded as goodwill. In accordance with ASC 350, we test goodwill for impairment at least annually and whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable. Our annual impairment test is performed during the third fiscal quarter. If the carrying amount of a reporting unit s goodwill exceeds its fair value we recognize an impairment loss in accordance with ASC 350. Based upon our most recent analysis, we determined through our qualitative assessment that it is not more likely than not that the fair values of our reporting units are less than their carrying values. As a result, we were not required to perform a quantitative goodwill impairment test. The qualitative assessment requires us to make judgments and assumptions regarding macroeconomic and industry conditions, our financial performance, and other factors. We do not believe there is a reasonable likelihood that there will be a change in the judgments and assumptions used in our qualitative assessment which would result in a material effect on our operating results. 
 Impairment of Long-Lived Assets 
 FASB ASC 360-10-40, Property, Plant, and Equipment - Impairment or Disposal of Long-Lived Assets ASC 360-10-40 ), requires that long-lived assets, such as property and equipment and purchased intangibles subject to amortization, be reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. Recoverability of the asset (or asset group) is measured by comparison of its carrying amount to undiscounted future net cash flows the asset (or asset group) is expected to generate over the remaining life of the asset (or asset group). If such assets are considered to be impaired, the impairment to be recognized is measured as the amount by which the carrying amount of the asset (or asset group) exceeds its fair market value. Estimates of expected future cash flows represent our best estimate based on currently available information and reasonable and supportable assumptions. Our impairment loss calculations contain uncertainties because they require us to make assumptions and to apply judgment in order to estimate expected future cash flows. Any impairment recognized in accordance with ASC 360-10-40 is permanent and may not be restored. Based upon our most recent analysis, we believe no impairment of long-lived assets existed as of September 30, 2021. We do not believe there is a reasonable likelihood that there will be a change in the future estimates or assumptions used to test for recoverability which would result in a material effect on our operating results. 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 See Note 3 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 39 
 
 Results of Operations 
 The following table sets forth certain financial data as a percentage of revenue for the periods indicated: 

Fiscal Year Ended September 30, 

2019 

2020 

2021 

(Amounts in thousands) 

Revenue 

1,237,153 

100.0 

1,509,713 

100.0 

2,063,257 

100.0 

Cost of sales 

914,321 

73.9 

1,111,000 

73.6 

1,403,824 

68.0 

Gross profit 

322,832 

26.1 

398,713 

26.4 

659,433 

32.0 

Selling, general and administrative expenses 

262,300 

21.2 

291,998 

19.3 

449,974 

21.8 

Income from operations 

60,532 

4.9 

106,715 

7.1 

209,459 

10.2 

Interest expense 

11,579 

0.9 

9,275 

0.6 

3,665 

0.2 

Income before income taxes 

48,953 

4.0 

97,440 

6.5 

205,794 

10.0 

Income tax provision 

12,968 

1.0 

22,806 

1.5 

50,815 

2.5 

Net income 

35,985 

3.0 

74,634 

5.0 

154,979 

7.5 

Fiscal Year Ended September 30, 2021, Compared with Fiscal Year Ended September 30, 2020 
 Revenue . Revenue increased 553.5 million, or 36.7 , to approximately 2.063 billion for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2021 from 1.510 billion for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2020. Of this increase, 202.9 million was attributable to a 13.4 increase in comparable-store sales and an approximate 350.6 million net increase was related to stores opened, including acquired, or closed that were not eligible for inclusion in the comparable-store base. The increase in our comparable-store sales was primarily due to demand driven increases in new and used boat revenue and our higher margin finance and insurance products, brokerage, parts, service, and storage services. 
 Gross Profit . Gross profit increased 260.7 million, or 65.4 , to 659.4 million for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2021 from 398.7 million for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2020. Gross profit as a percentage of revenue increased to 32.0 for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2021 from 26.4 for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2020. The increase in gross profit as a percentage of revenue was primarily the result of demand driven price increases resulting in greater new and used boat margins and increases in our higher margin businesses, including our superyacht-services companies, as a percentage of sales. The increase in gross profit dollars was primarily attributable to increased new and used boat sales. 
 Selling, General and Administrative Expenses. Selling, general and administrative expenses increased 158.0 million, or 54.1 , to 450.0 million for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2021 from 292.0 million for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2020. Selling, general and administrative expenses increased as a percentage of revenue to 21.8 for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2021 from 19.3 for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2020 . The increase in selling, general, and administrative expenses was driven by an increase in mix to our higher margin businesses which typically carry a higher expense structure and acquisitions. 
 Interest Expense . Interest expense decreased 5.6 million, or 60.2 , to 3.7 million for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2021, from 9.3 million for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2020. Interest expense as a percentage of revenue decreased to 0.2 for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2021, from 0.6 for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2020. The decrease in interest expense was primarily the result of decreased borrowings. 
 Income Taxes . Income tax expense increased 28.0 million, or 122.8 , to 50.8 million for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2021 from 22.8 million for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2020. Our effective income tax rate increased to 24.7 for fiscal year ended September 30, 2021, from 23.4 for fiscal year ended September 30, 2020. The increase in the effective income tax rate was primarily attributed to prior fiscal year state tax benefits and prior fiscal year tax benefits from stock-based compensation that did not occur for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2021. 
 Quarterly Data and Seasonality 
 Our business, as well as the entire recreational boating industry, is highly seasonal, with seasonality varying in different geographic markets. With the exception of Florida, we generally realize significantly lower sales and higher levels of inventories, and related short-term borrowings, in the quarterly periods ending December 31 and March 31. The onset of the public boat and recreation shows in January generally stimulates boat sales and typically allows us to reduce our inventory levels and related short-term borrowings throughout the remainder of the fiscal year. Our business could become substantially more seasonal if we acquire additional dealers that operate in colder regions of the United States or close retail locations in warm climates. 
 Our business is also subject to weather patterns, which may adversely affect our results of operations. For example, prolonged winter conditions, drought conditions (or merely reduced rainfall levels) or excessive rain, may limit access to area boating locations 
 40 
 
 or render boating dangerous or inconvenient, thereby curtailing customer demand for our products. In addition, unseasonably cool weather and prolonged winter conditions may lead to a shorter selling season in certain locations. Hurricanes and other storms could result in disruptions of our operations or damage to our boat inventories and facilities, as has been the case when Florida and other markets were affected by hurricanes, such as Hurricanes Harvey and Irma in 2017. Although we believe our geographic diversity is likely to reduce the overall impact to us of adverse weather conditions in any one market area, these conditions will continue to represent potential, material adverse risks to us and our future financial performance. 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Our cash needs are primarily for working capital to support operations, including new and used boat and related parts inventories, off-season liquidity, and growth through acquisitions. Acquisitions remain an important strategy for us, and we plan to continue our growth through this strategy in appropriate circumstances. However, we cannot predict the length of favorable economic or financial conditions. We regularly monitor the aging of our inventories and current market trends to evaluate our current and future inventory needs. We also use this evaluation in conjunction with our review of our current and expected operating performance and expected business levels to determine the adequacy of our financing needs. 
 These cash needs historically have been financed with cash generated from operations and borrowings under the Credit Facility (described below). Our ability to utilize the Credit Facility to fund operations depends upon the collateral levels and compliance with the covenants of the Credit Facility. Any turmoil in the credit markets and weakness in the retail markets may interfere with our ability to remain in compliance with the covenants of the Credit Facility and therefore our ability to utilize the Credit Facility to fund operations. As of September 30, 2021, we were in compliance with all covenants under the Credit Facility. We currently depend upon dividends and other payments from our dealerships and the Credit Facility to fund our current operations and meet our cash needs. As 100 owner of each of our dealerships, we determine the amounts of such distributions subject to applicable law, and currently, no agreements exist that restrict this flow of funds from our dealerships. 
 For the fiscal years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020, cash provided by operating activities was approximately 373.9 million and 304.7 million, respectively. For the fiscal year ended September 30, 2019, cash used in operating activities was approximately 12.4 million. For the fiscal year ended September 30, 2021, cash provided by operating activities was primarily related to decreases in inventory, increases in contract liabilities (customer deposits), accrued expenses and other liabilities, and our net income adjusted for non-cash expenses and gains such as depreciation and amortization expense, deferred income tax provision, and stock-based compensation expense. For the fiscal year ended September 30, 2020, cash provided by operating activities was primarily related to decreases in inventory, accounts receivable, increases in accrued expenses and other liabilities, increases in accounts payable, and our net income adjusted for non-cash expenses and gains such as depreciation and amortization expense, deferred income tax provision, stock-based compensation expense, and insurance proceeds received. For the fiscal year ended September 30, 2019, cash used in operating activities was primarily related to increases in inventory, accounts receivable, and prepaid expenses and other assets, partially offset by our net income adjusted for non-cash expenses and gains such as depreciation and amortization expense, deferred income tax provision, stock-based compensation expense, insurance proceeds received, and increases in accounts payable, contract liabilities, and accrued expenses and other long-term liabilities . 
 For the fiscal years ended September 30, 2021, 2020, and 2019, cash used in investing activities was approximately 161.1 million, 30.1 million, and 56.3 million, respectively. For the fiscal year ended September 30, 2021, cash used in investing activities was primarily used for acquisitions, to purchase property and equipment associated with improving existing retail facilities, and to purchase investments, partially offset by proceeds from insurance settlements. For the fiscal year ended September 30, 2020, cash used in investing activities was primarily used to purchase property and equipment associated with improving existing retail facilities and purchase property and equipment and other assets associated with business acquisitions. For the fiscal year ended September 30, 2019, cash used in investing activities was primarily used to purchase property and equipment associated with improving existing retail facilities and purchase property and equipment and other assets associated with business acquisitions. 
 For the fiscal years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020, cash used in financing activities was approximately 145.7 million and 158.1 million, respectively. For the fiscal year ended September 30, 2019, cash provided by financing activities was approximately 58.6 million. For the fiscal year ended September 30, 2021, cash used in financing activities was primarily attributable to net payments for short-term borrowings, purchase of treasury stock, payments on tax withholdings for equity awards, payments for long-term debt, and contingent acquisition consideration payments, partially offset by proceeds from long-term debt and net proceeds from issuance of common stock under incentive compensation and employee purchase plans. For the fiscal year ended September 30, 2020, cash used in financing activities was primarily attributable to a decrease in net short-term borrowings as a result of decreased inventory levels, repurchase of common stock under the share repurchase program, payments on tax withholdings for equity awards, partially offset by proceeds from the issuance of common stock from our stock-based compensation plans and proceeds from long- term debt. For the fiscal year ended September 30, 2019, cash provided by financing activities was primarily attributable to net short-term borrowings as a result of increased inventory levels and proceeds from the issuance of common stock from our stock-based compensation plans, partially offset by the repurchase of common stock under the share repurchase program and payments on tax withholdings for equity awards. 
 41 

In July 2021, we entered into an Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement, with Wells Fargo Commercial Distribution Finance LLC, M&T Bank, Bank of the West, and Truist Bank. The Credit Facility provides the Company a line of credit with asset based borrowing availability of up to 500.0 million for working capital and inventory financing, with the amount permissible pursuant to a borrowing base formula. The Credit Facility has a three-year term and expires in July 2024, subject to extension for two one-year periods, with lender approval. 
 The Credit Facility has certain financial covenants as specified in the agreement. The covenants include provisions that our leverage ratio must not exceed 2.75 to 1.0 and that our current ratio must be greater than 1.2 to 1.0. The interest rate for amounts outstanding under the Credit Facility is 345 basis points plus the greater of 75 basis points or the one-month LIBOR. There is an unused line fee of ten basis points on the unused portion of the Credit Facility. In October 2021, we amended the Credit Facility to allow for the transition of the benchmark interest rate used from LIBOR to the Secured Overnight Finance Rate (SOFR). 
 Advances under the Credit Facility are initiated by the acquisition of eligible new and used inventory or are re-advances against eligible new and used inventory that have been partially paid-off. Advances on new inventory will generally mature 1,080 days from the original invoice date. Advances on used inventory will mature 361 days from the date we acquire the used inventory. Each advance is subject to a curtailment schedule, which requires that we pay down the balance of each advance on a periodic basis starting after six months. The curtailment schedule varies based on the type and value of the inventory. The collateral for the Credit Facility is primarily the Company s inventory that is financed through the Credit Facility and related accounts receivable. None of our real estate has been pledged for collateral for the Credit Facility. 
 As of September 30, 2021, our indebtedness associated with our short-term borrowings and our long-term debt totaled approximately 24.1 million and 51.7 million, respectively. As of September 30, 2021, short-term borrowings and long-term debt recorded on the Consolidated Balance Sheets included unamortized debt issuance costs of approximately 0.2 million and 0.6 million, respectively. Refer to Note 11 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for disclosure of borrowing availability, interest rates, and terms of our short-term borrowings and long-term debt. 
 Except as specified in this Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and in the attached consolidated financial statements, we have no material commitments for capital for the next 12 months. Based on the information currently available to us, the COVID-19 pandemic s impact on consumer demand is uncertain, however, we believe that the cash generated from sales and our existing capital resources will be adequate to meet our liquidity and capital requirements for at least the next 12 months, except for possible significant acquisitions. 
 Commitments and Commercial Commitments 
 The following table sets forth a summary of our material contractual obligations and commercial commitments as of September 30, 2021: 

Payments Due by Period Ending September 30, 

Total 

Less Than 1 Year (2022) 

1-3 Years (2023 and 2024) 

3-5 Years (2025 and 2026) 

More Than 5 Years (2027 and thereafter) 

(Amounts in thousands) 

Short-term borrowings (1) 

24,136 

24,136 

Long-term debt (2) 

51,680 

3,587 

7,174 

7,174 

33,745 

Other liabilities (3) 

13,618 

6,015 

7,603 

Operating leases (4) 

152,159 

16,080 

27,627 

20,262 

88,190 

Total 

241,593 

49,818 

42,404 

27,436 

121,935 

(1) 
 
 Estimates of future interest payments for short-term borrowings have been excluded in the tabular presentation. Amounts due are contingent upon the outstanding balances and the variable interest rates. Refer to Note 11 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for disclosure of borrowing availability, interest rates, and terms of our short-term borrowings. 

(2) 
 
 The amounts included in long-term debt refers to future cash principal payments. Refer to Note 11 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for disclosure of borrowing availability, interest rates, and terms of our long-term debt. 

3 
 
 The amounts included in other liabilities consist primarily of our estimated liability for claims on certain workers compensation insurance policies and estimated future contingent consideration payments. 

4 
 
 Amounts for operating lease commitments do not include certain operating expenses such as maintenance, insurance, and real estate taxes. These amounts are not a material component of operating expenses. 

 42 

Item 7A. 
 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 

 Interest Rate Risk 
 We are exposed to risk from changes in interest rates on our outstanding indebtedness. Changes in the underlying interest rates on our variable interest rate short-term borrowings and long-term debt could affect our earnings. For example, a hypothetical 100 basis point increase in the interest rate would result in an increase of approximately 0.6 million in annual pre-tax interest expense. This estimated increase is based upon the outstanding balance of our short-term borrowings and long-term debt as of September 30, 2021 and assumes no mitigating changes by us to reduce the outstanding balances and no additional interest assistance that could be received from vendors due to the interest rate increase. 
 Foreign Currency Exchange Rate Risk 
 Products purchased from European-based and Chinese-based manufacturers are transacted in U.S. dollars. Fluctuations in the U.S. dollar exchange rate may impact the retail price at which we can sell foreign products. Accordingly, fluctuations in the value of other currencies compared with the U.S. dollar may impact the price points at which we can profitably sell such foreign products, and such price points may not be competitive with other products in the United States. Thus, such fluctuations in exchange rates ultimately may impact the amount of revenue, cost of goods sold, cash flows and earnings we recognize for such foreign products. We cannot predict the effects of exchange rate fluctuations on our operating results. In certain cases, we may enter into foreign currency cash flow hedges to reduce the variability of cash flows associated with forecasted purchases of boats and yachts from European-based and Chinese-based manufacturers. We are not currently engaged in foreign currency exchange hedging transactions to manage our foreign currency exposure. If and when we do engage in foreign currency exchange hedging transactions, there can be no assurance that our strategies will adequately protect our operating results from the effects of exchange rate fluctuations. 
 Additionally, the Fraser Yachts Group and Northrop & Johnson have transactions and balances denominated in currencies other than the U.S dollar. Most of the transactions or balances for Fraser Yachts Group are denominated in euros. Net revenues recognized whose functional currency was not the U.S. dollar were less than 2 of our total revenues in fiscal 2021. 

Item 8. 
 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

 Reference is made to the financial statements, the notes thereto, and the report thereon, commencing on page F-1 of this report, which financial statements, notes, and report are incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 9. 
 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

 None. 

Item 9A. 
 
 Controls and Procedures 

 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 We maintain disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that material information required to be disclosed by us in Securities Exchange Act reports is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 Our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on such evaluation, such officers have concluded that, as of the end of the period covered by this report, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance level. 
 Changes in Internal Controls 
 During the quarter ended September 30, 2021, there were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that materially affected, or were reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting, except as described in the following sentence. On October 1, 2020 and May 2, 2021, we acquired SkipperBud s and Cruisers Yachts, respectively. As we proceed with integration, we are implementing various accounting processes and internal controls over financial reporting for these reporting subsidiaries. 
 43 
 
 Limitations on the Effectiveness of Controls 
 Our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, does not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting will prevent all errors and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Although our disclosure controls and procedures are designed to provide reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives, because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within the Company have been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty, and that breakdowns can occur because of a simple error or mistake. Additionally, controls can be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people, or by management override of the control. The design of any system of controls also is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions over time, a control may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Because of the inherent limitations in a cost-effective control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. 
 CEO and CFO Certifications 
 Exhibits 31.1 and 31.2 are the Certifications of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, respectively. The Certifications are required in accordance with Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the Section 302 Certifications ). This Item of this report, which you are currently reading is the information concerning the Evaluation referred to in the Section 302 Certifications and this information should be read in conjunction with the Section 302 Certifications for a more complete understanding of the topics presented. 
 Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2021 as required by the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Rule 13a-15(c). In making this assessment, we used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013). Based on its evaluation, our management concluded that its internal control over financial reporting was effective as of September 30, 2021. The Company acquired Skipper Marine Holdings, Inc., and certain affiliates (SkipperBud s) and KCS International Holdings, Inc., and certain affiliates (Cruisers Yachts), during fiscal 2021. Management excluded from its assessment of the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2021 SkipperBud s and Cruisers Yachts internal control over financial reporting, which together represent approximately 12 of total assets and 16 of total revenues included in the Company s consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended September 30, 2021. 
 Our internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2021, has been audited by KPMG LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report which appears herein. 
 
 44 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Shareholders and Board of Directors MarineMax, Inc.: 
 Opinion on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited MarineMax, Inc. and subsidiaries' (the Company) internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2021, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2021, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of September 30, 2021 and 2020, and the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income, shareholders equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended September 30, 2021, and the related notes (collectively, the consolidated financial statements), and our report dated November 19, 2021 expressed an unqualified opinion on those consolidated financial statements. 
 The Company acquired Skipper Marine Holdings, Inc., and certain affiliates (SkipperBud s) and KCS International Holdings, Inc., and certain affiliates (Cruisers Yachts) during 2021. Management excluded from its assessment of the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2021, SkipperBud s and Cruisers Yachts internal control over financial reporting associated with 12 of total assets and 16 of total revenues included in the consolidated financial statements of the Company as of and for the year ended September 30, 2021. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting also excluded an evaluation of the internal control over financial reporting of SkipperBud s and Cruisers Yachts. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audit also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 45 

Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 /s/ KPMG LLP 
 Tampa, Florida November 19, 2021 
 46 

Item 9B. 
 
 Other Information 

 None. 
 PART III 

Item 10. 
 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

 The information required by this Item relating to our directors and corporate governance is incorporated herein by reference to the definitive Proxy Statement (particularly under the caption Corporate Governance to be filed pursuant to Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act for our 2021 Annual Meeting of Shareholders (the 2022 Proxy Statement ). The information required by this Item relating to our executive officers is included in Business Executive Officers. 
 We have adopted a code of ethics that applies to our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, and other senior accounting personnel. The Code of Ethics for the CEO and Senior Financial Officers is located on our website at www.MarineMax.com in the Investor Relations section under Corporate Governance. 
 We intend to satisfy the disclosure requirement under Item 5.05(c) of Form 8-K regarding any amendment to, or waiver from, a provision of this code of ethics by posting such information on our website, at the address and location specified above. 

Item 11. 
 
 Executive Compensation 

 The information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to the 2022 Proxy Statement (particularly under the caption Executive Compensation ). 

Item 12. 
 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

 The information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to the 2022 Proxy Statement (particularly under the caption Security Ownership of Principal Shareholders, Directors, and Officers ). 

Item 13. 
 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

 The information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to the 2022 Proxy Statement (particularly under the caption Certain Relationships and Related Transactions ). 

Item 14. 
 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 

 The information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to the 2022 Proxy Statement (particularly under the caption Ratification of Appointment of Independent Auditor ). 
 PART IV 

Item 15. 
 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 

(a) 
 
 Financial Statements and Financial Statement Schedules 

(1) 
 
 Financial Statements. Financial Statements are listed in the Index to Consolidated Financial Statements on page F-1 of this report. 

(2) 
 
 Financial Statement Schedules. No financial statement schedules are included because such schedules are not applicable, are not required, or because required information is included in the consolidated financial statements or notes thereto. 

(3) 
 
 Exhibits. See Item 15(b) below. 

(b) 
 
 Exhibits 

Exhibit Number 

Exhibit 

2.1 

Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated February 25, 2015, by and between MarineMax, Inc. and MarineMax Reincorporation, Inc. (1) 

3.1 

Articles of Incorporation of the Registrant. (2) 

3.2 

Bylaws of the Registrant. (2) 

4.1 

Specimen of Common Stock Certificate. (2) 

47 

Exhibit Number 

Exhibit 

4.2 

Description of Securities. 

10.1 

Employment Agreement, dated November 29, 2018, between Registrant and William H. McGill Jr., as amended. (3) 

10.1(b) 

Employment Agreement, dated November 29, 2018, between Registrant and Michael H. McLamb, as amended. (3) 

10.1(c) 

Employment Agreement, dated November 29, 2018, between Registrant and William Brett McGill. (3) 

10.1(d) 

Key Executive Retention Agreement, dated February 25, 2021, by and between MarineMax, Inc. and Anthony Cassella. (4) 

10.1(e) 

Key Executive Retention Agreement, dated February 25, 2021, by and between MarineMax, Inc. and Charles Cashman. (4) 

10.2 

Amended 2008 Employee Stock Purchase Plan. (5) 

10.3 

2011 Stock-Based Compensation Plan. (6) 

10.3(a) 

Form Stock Option Agreement for 2011 Stock-Based Compensation Plan. (7) 

10.3(b) 

Form Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement for 2011 Stock-Based Compensation Plan. (8) 

10.4 

Sales and Service Agreement, dated October 30, 2020, between Registrant and Boston Whaler, Inc. (15) 

10.5 

Sales and Service Agreement, dated October 30, 2020, between Registrant and Sea Ray Division of Brunswick Corporation. (15) 

10.6 

Agreement Relating to Acquisitions between Registrant and Brunswick Corporation, dated December 7, 2005. (9) 

10.6(a) 

Amendment, executed October 17, 2014, to Agreement Relating to Acquisitions between Registrant and Brunswick Corporation, dated December 7, 2005. (10) 

10.6(b) 

Sea Ray Sales and Service Agreement. (8) 

10.6(c) 

Sea Ray Sales and Service Agreement, executed October 17, 2014, by and between MarineMax East, Inc. and Sea Ray, a Division of Brunswick Corporation. (9) 

10.6(d) 

Sea Ray Sales and Service Agreement, executed October 17, 2014, by and between MarineMax Northeast, LLC, and Sea Ray, a Division of Brunswick Corporation. (9) 

10.6(e) 

Sea Ray Sales and Service Agreement, executed October 17, 2014, by and between MarineMax, Inc. and Sea Ray, a Division of Brunswick Corporation. (9) 

10.6(f) 

Boston Whaler Sales and Service Agreement, executed December 5, 2014, by and between MarineMax East, Inc. and Boston Whaler, a Division of Brunswick Corporation. (10) 

10.6(g) 

Boston Whaler Sales and Service Agreement, executed December 5, 2014, by and between MarineMax Northeast, LLC, and Boston Whaler, a Division of Brunswick Corporation. (10) 

10.6(h) 

Boston Whaler Sales and Service Agreement, executed December 5, 2014, by and between MarineMax, Inc. and Boston Whaler, a Division of Brunswick Corporation. (10) 

10.7 

Loan and Security Agreement, dated May 20, 2020, by and among MarineMax, Inc. and its subsidiaries, Wells Fargo Commercial Distribution Finance, LLC, M&T Bank, Bank of the West, and Truist Bank. (11) 

10.7(a) 

Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement, dated July 9, 2021, by and among MarineMax, Inc. and its subsidiaries, Wells Fargo Commercial Distribution Finance, LLC, M&T Bank, Bank of the West, and Truist Bank. 

10.7(b) 

Sixth Amended and Restated Program Terms Letter, dated May 20, 2020, by and among MarineMax, Inc. and its subsidiaries, as Borrowers, and Wells Fargo Commercial Distribution Finance, LLC. (11) 

10.7(c) 

Seventh Amended and Restated Program Terms Letter, dated July 9, 2021, by and among MarineMax, Inc. and its subsidiaries, as Borrowers, and Wells Fargo Commercial Distribution Finance, LLC. 

10.8 

Director Fee Share Purchase Program. (12) 

10.9 

Severance Policy for Key Executives. (13) 

10.10 

Dealership Agreement dated September 1, 2008 by and between MarineMax Northeast, LLC and Azimut Benetti S.p.A. (14) 

10.10(a) 

First Amendment dated June 22, 2010 to Dealership Agreement dated September 1, 2008, by and between MarineMax Northeast, LLC and Azimut Benetti S.p.A. (14) 

10.10(b) 

Second Amendment dated February 29, 2012 to Dealership Agreement dated September 1, 2008, by and between MarineMax Northeast, LLC and Azimut Benetti S.p.A. (14) 

10.10(c) 

Third Amendment dated July 21, 2012 to Dealership Agreement dated September 1, 2008, by and between MarineMax Northeast, LLC and Azimut Benetti S.p.A. (14) 

10.11 

Dealership Agreement dated September 1, 2008 by and between MarineMax East, LLC and Azimut Benetti S.p.A. (14) 

10.11(a) 

First Amendment dated June 22, 2010 to Dealership Agreement dated September 1, 2008, by and between MarineMax East, Inc. and Azimut Benetti S.p.A. (14) 

10.11(b) 

Second Amendment dated February 29, 2012 to Dealership Agreement dated September 1, 2008, by and between MarineMax East, Inc. and Azimut Benetti S.p.A. (14) 

10.11(c) 

Third Amendment dated July 21, 2012 to Dealership Agreement dated September 1, 2008, by and between MarineMax East, Inc. and Azimut Benetti S.p.A. (14) 

10.11(d) 

Fourth Amendment dated August 21, 2013 to Dealership Agreement dated September 1, 2008, by and between MarineMax East, Inc. and Azimut Benetti S.p.A. (14) 

48 

Exhibit Number 

Exhibit 

10.12 

Equity Purchase Agreement dated October 1, 2020, by and among Skipper Marine Holdings, Inc., SSY Holdings, Inc., Michael J. Pretasky, Sr., Michael John Pretasky, Jr. 2014 Trust, Mark Ellerbrock, and Robert Ross Tefft, Jr., Michael J. Pretasky, Jr., and MarineMax, Inc. (15) 

10.13 

Stock Purchase Agreement, dated May 2, 2021, by and between Kenneth C. Stock, Georgia Stock and the Kenneth C. Stock and Georgia Stock 2020 Trust Kenneth C. Stock, as the representative of the Sellers and MarineMax Products, Inc. (16) 

21 

List of Subsidiaries. 

23.1 

Consent of KPMG LLP. 

31.1 

Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a), promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

31.2 

Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a), promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

32.1 

Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.2 

Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

101.INS 

Inline XBRL Instance Document - The instance document does not appear in the interactive data file because its XBRL tags are embedded within the inline XBRL document. 

101.SCH 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 

101.CAL 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 

101.DEF 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 

101.LAB 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 

101.PRE 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 

104 

Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document). 

Certain information in this exhibit has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to the omitted portions where applicable. 

Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 

(1) 
 
 Incorporated by reference to Registrant s Form 8-K as filed February 26, 2015. 

(2) 
 
 Incorporated by reference to Registrant s Form 8-K as filed March 20, 2015. 

(3) 
 
 Incorporated by reference to Registrant s Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2019, as filed on November 29, 2018. 

(4) 
 
 Incorporated by reference to Registrant s Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended March 31, 2021, as filed on April 27, 2021. 

(5) 
 
 Incorporated by reference to Registrant s Form S-8 (File No. 333-236618) as filed February 25, 2020. 

(6) 
 
 Incorporated by reference to Registrant s Form S-8 (File No. 333-236617) as filed February 25, 2020. 

(7) 
 
 Incorporated by reference to Registrant s Form 8-K as filed on January 25, 2011. 

 (8) Incorporated by reference to Registrant s Form 8-K as filed on December 9, 2005. 

(9) 
 
 Incorporated by reference to Registrant s Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2014, as filed on December 11, 2014. 

(10) 
 
 Incorporated by reference to Registrant s Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended December 31, 2014, as filed on February 5, 2015. 

(11) 
 
 Incorporated by reference to Registrant s Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended June 30, 2020, as filed on July 28, 2020. 

(12) 
 
 Incorporated by reference to Registrant s Form S-8 (File No. 333-141657) as filed March 29, 2007. 

(13) 
 
 Incorporated by reference to Registrant s Form 8-K as filed on November 27, 2012. 

(14) 
 
 Incorporated by reference to Registrant s Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2013, as filed on December 6, 2013. 

(1 5 
 
 Incorporated by reference to Registrant s Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2020, as filed on December 2, 2020. 

(1 6 
 
 Incorporated by reference to Registrant s Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended June 30, 2021, as filed on July 27, 2021. 

(c) Financial Statements Schedules 

(1) 
 
 See Item 15(a) above. 

49 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

MARINEMAX, INC. 

/s/ W. Brett McGill 

W. Brett McGill 

Chief Executive Officer and President 

Date: November 19, 2021 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 

Capacity 

Date 

/s/ W. Brett McGill 

Chief Executive Officer and President (Principal Executive Officer) 

November 19, 2021 

W. Brett McGill 

/s/ Michael H. McLamb 

Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Secretary and Director (Principal Accounting and Financial Officer) 

November 19, 2021 

Michael H. McLamb 

/s/ William H. McGill Jr. 

Executive Chairman of the Board, 

November 19, 2021 

William H. McGill Jr. 

Director 

/s/ Clint Moore 

Lead Independent Director 

Clint Moore 

November 19, 2021 

/s/ George E. Borst 

Director 

November 19, 2021 

George E. Borst 

/s/ Hilliard M. Eure III 

Hilliard M. Eure III 

Director 

November 19, 2021 

/s/ Evelyn Follit 

Director 

November 19, 2021 

Evelyn Follit 

/s/ Adam M. Johnson 

Director 

November 19, 2021 

Adam M. Johnson 

/s/ Charles R. Oglesby 

Director 

November 19, 2021 

Charles R. Oglesby 

/s/ Joseph A. Watters 

Director 

November 19, 2021 

Joseph A. Watters 

/s/ Rebecca White 

Rebecca White 

Director 

November 19, 2021 

50 

MARINEMAX, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page 

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

F-2 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 

F-4 

Consolidated Statements of Operations 

F-5 

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 

F-6 

Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity 

F-7 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

F-8 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

F-9 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Shareholders and Board of Directors MarineMax, Inc.: 
 Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of MarineMax, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company) as of September 30, 2021 and 2020, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income, shareholders equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended September 30, 2021, and the related notes (collectively, the consolidated financial statements). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of September 30, 2021 and 2020, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended September 30, 2021, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2021, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission, and our report dated November 19, 2021 expressed an unqualified opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Change in Accounting Principle 
 As discussed in Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company has changed its method of accounting for Leases as of October 1, 2019 due to the adoption of Accounting Standards Update (ASU) 2016-02, Leases, and several related amendments, as issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB). 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 F-2 

Critical Audit Matter 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of a critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 Fair Value of Trade-in Used Boats 
 As discussed in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, trade-in used boat inventory is initially measured at fair value and represents a form of noncash consideration applied to the contract price of a purchased boat. At period-end, trade-in used boats that remain in inventory are presented at the lower of cost or net realizable value. Net realizable value is equal to the initial estimated fair value at trade-in less a valuation allowance. Management estimates the initial fair value of the trade-in used boat considering publicly available and internal transactional and market participant data for comparable boats. 
 We identified the assessment of the fair value of the trade-in used boats as a critical audit matter because a high degree of subjective auditor judgment was required to evaluate the significant inputs used in the estimation of the fair value. The significant inputs are based on limited publicly available and internal transactional and market participant data. 
 The following are the primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter. We evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of certain internal controls related to the Company s measurement of the fair value of trade-in used boats, including controls over the determination of the appropriate external and internal market data for comparable used boat sales. We involved valuation professionals with specialized skills and knowledge, who assisted us in assessing management s fair value estimation process, including our evaluation of the relevance and reliability of the publicly available and internal transactional and market participant data. We also performed an analysis of subsequent sales proceeds and margins from the third-party sale of the trade-in used boats. 
 /s/ KPMG LLP 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2013. 
 Tampa, Florida 
 November 19, 2021 

F-3 

MARINEMAX, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (Amounts in thousands except share and per share data) 

September 30, 2020 

September 30, 2021 

ASSETS 

CURRENT ASSETS: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Accounts receivable, net 

Inventories, net 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Total current assets 

Property and equipment, net 

Operating lease right-of-use assets, net 

Goodwill and other intangible assets, net 

Other long-term assets 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 

CURRENT LIABILITIES: 

Accounts payable 

Contract liabilities (customer deposits) 

Accrued expenses 

Short-term borrowings 

Current maturities on long-term debt 

Current operating lease liabilities 

Total current liabilities 

Long-term debt, net of current maturities 

Noncurrent operating lease liabilities 

Deferred tax liabilities, net 

Other long-term liabilities 

Total liabilities 

COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (Note 19) 

SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY: 

Preferred stock, par value, shares authorized, 
 issued or outstanding as of September 30, 2020 and 2021 

Common stock, par value shares authorized, 
 and shares issued and and shares 
 outstanding as of September 30, 2020 and 2021, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated other comprehensive income 

Retained earnings 

Treasury stock, at cost, and shares held as of 
 September 30, 2020 and 2021, respectively 

Total shareholders equity 

Total liabilities and shareholders equity 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 
 F-4 

MARINEMAX, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (Amounts in thousands except share and per share data) 

For the Year Ended September 30, 

2019 

2020 

2021 

Revenue 

Cost of sales 

Gross profit 

Selling, general and administrative expenses 

Income from operations 

Interest expense 

Income before income tax provision 

Income tax provision 

Net income 

Basic net income per common share 

Diluted net income per common share 

Weighted average number of common shares used 
 in computing net income per common share: 

Basic 

Diluted 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

F-5 

MARINEMAX, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 (Amounts in thousands) 

For the Year Ended September 30, 

2019 

2020 

2021 

Net income 

Other comprehensive (loss) income, net of tax: 

Foreign currency translation adjustments 

Interest rate swap contract 

Total other comprehensive (loss) income, net of tax 

Comprehensive income 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 F-6 
 
 MARINEMAX, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 
 (Amounts in thousands except share data) 

Accumulated 

Additional 

Other 

Total 

Common Stock Issued 

Paid-in 

Comprehensive 

Retained 

Treasury 

Shareholders 

Shares 

Amount 

Capital 

(Loss) Income 

Earnings 

Stock 

Equity 

BALANCE, September 30, 2018 

Net income 

Purchase of treasury stock 

Shares issued pursuant to employee stock 
 purchase plan 

Shares issued upon vesting of equity awards, 
 net of minimum tax withholding 

Shares issued upon exercise of stock options 

Stock-based compensation 

Other comprehensive loss 

Cumulative effect of change in accounting 
 principle - revenue recognition, net of tax 

BALANCE, September 30, 2019 

Net income 

Purchase of treasury stock 

Shares issued pursuant to employee stock 
 purchase plan 

Shares issued upon vesting of equity awards, 
 net of minimum tax withholding 

Shares issued upon exercise of stock options 

Stock-based compensation 

Other comprehensive income 

Cumulative effect of change in accounting 
 principle - leases, net of tax 

BALANCE, September 30, 2020 

Net income 

Purchase of treasury stock 

Shares issued pursuant to employee stock 
 purchase plan 

Shares issued upon vesting of equity awards, 
 net of minimum tax withholding 

Shares issued upon exercise of stock options 

Stock-based compensation 

Other comprehensive income 

BALANCE, September 30, 2021 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 
 F-7 

MARINEMAX, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (Amounts in thousands) 

For the Year Ended September 30, 

2019 

2020 

2021 

CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 

Net income 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash (used in) provided by 
 operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Deferred income tax provision 

Loss on sale of property and equipment 

Proceeds from insurance settlements 

Stock-based compensation expense 

(Increase) decrease in, net of effects of acquisitions 

Accounts receivable, net 

Inventories, net 

Prepaid expenses and other assets 

(Decrease) increase in, net of effects of acquisitions 

Accounts payable 

Contract liabilities (customer deposits) 

Accrued expenses and other liabilities 

Net cash (used in) provided by operating activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: 

Purchases of property and equipment 

Proceeds from insurance settlements 

Cash used in acquisition of businesses, net of cash acquired 

Purchases of investments 

Proceeds from sale of property and equipment 

Net cash used in investing activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Net borrowings (payments) on short-term borrowings 

Proceeds from long-term debt 

Payments for long-term debt 

Payments for debt issuance costs 

Net proceeds from issuance of common stock under incentive 
 compensation, and employee purchase plans 

Contingent acquisition consideration payments 

Payments on tax withholdings for equity awards 

Purchase of treasury stock 

Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 

Effect of exchange rate changes on cash 

NET (DECREASE) INCREASE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS: 

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, beginning of year 

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, end of year 

Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information: 

Cash paid for: 

Interest 

Income taxes 

Non-cash items: 

Initial operating lease right-of-use assets for adoption of ASU 2016-02 

Initial current and noncurrent operating lease liabilities for adoption of 
 ASU 2016-02 

Accrued tax withholdings upon vesting of equity awards 

Contingent consideration liabilities from acquisitions 

Accrued acquisition of property and equipment 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements 
 
 F-8 

MARINEMAX, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 retail locations in states, consisting of Alabama, California, Connecticut, Florida, Georgia, Illinois, Maryland, Massachusetts, Michigan, Minnesota, Missouri, New Jersey, New York, North Carolina, Ohio, Oklahoma, Rhode Island, South Carolina, Texas, Washington, and Wisconsin. Our MarineMax Vacations operation maintains a facility in Tortola, British Virgin Islands. We also own Fraser Yachts Group and Northrop & Johnson, leading superyacht brokerage and luxury yacht services companies with operations in multiple countries. Cruisers Yachts, a wholly-owned MarineMax subsidiary, manufactures sport yacht and yachts with sales through our select retail dealership locations and through independent dealers. 
 We are the largest retailer of Sea Ray and Boston Whaler recreational boats which are manufactured by Brunswick Corporation Brunswick ). Sales of new Brunswick boats accounted for approximately of our revenue in fiscal 2021. Sales of new Sea Ray and Boston Whaler boats, both divisions of Brunswick, accounted for approximately and , respectively, of our revenue in fiscal 2021. Brunswick is a world leading manufacturer of marine products and marine engines. 
 We have dealership agreements with Sea Ray, Boston Whaler, Harris, and Mercury Marine, all subsidiaries or divisions of Brunswick. We also have dealer agreements with Italy-based Azimut-Benetti Group s product line for Azimut and Benetti yachts and mega yachts. These agreements allow us to purchase, stock, sell, and service these manufacturers boats and products. These agreements also allow us to use these manufacturers names, trade symbols, and intellectual properties in our operations. The agreements for Sea Ray and Boston Whaler products, respectively, appoint us as the exclusive dealer of Sea Ray and Boston Whaler boats, respectively, in our geographic markets. In addition, we are the exclusive dealer for Azimut Yachts for the entire United States. Sales of new Azimut yachts accounted for approximately of our revenue in fiscal 2021. We believe non-Brunswick brands offer a migration for our existing customer base or fill a void in our product offerings, and accordingly, do not compete with the business generated from our other prominent brands. 
 From March 2020 through June 2020, we temporarily closed certain departments or locations based on guidance from local government or health officials as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. We are following guidelines to ensure we are safely operating as recommended. As the COVID-19 pandemic is complex and evolving rapidly with many unknowns, the Company will continue to monitor ongoing developments and respond accordingly. Management expects its business, across all of its geographies, will be impacted to some degree, but the significance of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the Company s business and the duration for which it may have an impact cannot be determined at this time. 
 As is typical in the industry, we deal with most of our manufacturers, other than Sea Ray, Boston Whaler, and Azimut Yachts, under renewable annual dealer agreements, each of which gives us the right to sell various makes and models of boats within a given geographic region. Any change or termination of these agreements, or the agreements discussed above, for any reason, or changes in competitive, regulatory or marketing practices, including rebate or incentive programs, could adversely affect our results of operations. Although there are a limited number of manufacturers of the type of boats and products that we sell, we believe that adequate alternative sources would be available to replace any manufacturer other than Sea Ray, Boston Whaler, and Azimut as a product source. These alternative sources may not be available at the time of any interruption, and alternative products may not be available at comparable terms, which could affect operating results adversely. 
 General economic conditions and consumer spending patterns can negatively impact our operating results. Unfavorable local, regional, national, or global economic developments or uncertainties regarding future economic prospects could reduce consumer spending in the markets we serve and adversely affect our business. Economic conditions in areas in which we operate dealerships, particularly Florida in which we generated approximately , and of our revenue during fiscal 2019, 2020, and 2021, respectively, can have a major impact on our operations. Local influences, such as corporate downsizing, military base closings, inclement weather such as Hurricane Sandy in 2012 or Hurricanes Harvey and Irma in 2017, environmental conditions, and specific events, such as the BP oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico in 2010, also could adversely affect, and in certain instances have adversely affected, our operations in certain markets. 
 In an economic downturn, consumer discretionary spending levels generally decline, at times resulting in disproportionately large reductions in the sale of luxury goods. Consumer spending on luxury goods also may decline as a result of lower consumer confidence levels, even if prevailing economic conditions are favorable. As a result, an economic downturn would likely impact us more than certain of our competitors due to our strategic focus on a higher end of our market. Although we have expanded our operations during periods of stagnant or modestly declining industry trends, the cyclical nature of the recreational boating industry or the lack of industry growth may adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Any period of adverse economic conditions or low consumer confidence is likely to have a negative effect on our business. 
 F-9 
 
 MARINEMAX, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

million and million, respectively. If events occur and market conditions change, causing the fair value to fall below carrying value, the valuation allowance could increase. 
 
 We remove the cost of property and equipment sold or retired and the related accumulated depreciation from the accounts at the time of disposition and include any resulting gain or loss in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations. We charge maintenance, repairs, and minor replacements to operations as incurred, and we capitalize and amortize major replacements and improvements over their useful lives. 
 F-10 
 
 MARINEMAX, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 impairment of long-lived assets existed as of September 30, 2021. 
 F-11 
 
 MARINEMAX, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Contract assets, recorded in prepaid expenses and other current assets, totaled approximately million and million as of September 30, 2020 and September 30, 2021, respectively. 
 We recognize revenue from the sale of our manufactured yachts when control of the yacht is transferred to the dealer, which is generally upon acceptance by the dealer. At the time of acceptance, the dealer is able to direct the use of, and obtain substantially all of the benefits of the yacht. We have elected to record shipping and handling activities that occur after the dealer has obtained control of the yacht as a fulfillment activity. 
 Contract liabilities primarily consist of customer deposits. We recognize contract liabilities (customer deposits) as revenue at the time of acceptance and the transfer of control to the customers. Total contract liabilities of approximately million recorded as of September 30, 2019 were recognized in revenue during the fiscal year ended September 30, 2020. Total contract liabilities of approximately million recorded as of September 30, 2020 were recognized in revenue during the fiscal year ended September 30, 2021. 
 We recognize deferred revenue from service operations and slip and storage services over time on a straight-line basis over the term of the contract as our performance obligations are met. We recognize income from the rentals of chartering power yachts over time on a straight-line basis over the term of the contract as our performance obligations are met. 

Goods and services transferred over time 

Revenue 

Used boat sales 

Maintenance, repair, storage, and charter services 

Finance and insurance products 

Parts and accessories 

Brokerage sales 

Revenue 

F-12 
 
 MARINEMAX, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Used boat sales 

Maintenance, repair, storage, and charter services 

Finance and insurance products 

Parts and accessories 

Brokerage sales 

Revenue 

Used boat sales 

Maintenance, repair, storage, and charter services 

Finance and insurance products 

Parts and accessories 

Brokerage sales 

Revenue 

amounts were reclassified out of accumulated other comprehensive income in fiscal 2021. million, million and million, net of related co-op assistance, which was not material to the consolidated financial statements, for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2019, 2020, and 2021, respectively. 
 F-13 
 
 MARINEMAX, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 new reportable segments: Retail Operations and Product Manufacturing. The change in reportable segments had no impact on the Company s previously reported historical consolidated financial statements. Where applicable, all prior periods presented have been revised to conform to the change in reportable segments. See Note 21. 
 
 million and right-of-use ROU assets of million. The new standard also provides practical expedients for an entity s ongoing accounting. We elected the short-term lease recognition exemption for all leases that qualify. As a result, for those leases that qualify, we will not recognize ROU assets or lease liabilities, and we did not recognize ROU assets or lease liabilities for existing short-term leases of those assets in transition. We also elected the practical expedient to not separate lease and non-lease components. We recognized a net after-tax cumulative effect adjustment to retained earnings of million as of the date of adoption. See Note 8 for additional information on our leases. 
 Other New Pronouncements 
 In August 2018, the FASB issued ASU 2018-15, Goodwill and Other Internal-Use Software (Subtopic 350-40): Customer s Accounting for Implementation Costs Incurred in a Cloud Computing Arrangement That Is a Service Contract ASU 2018-15 ), which aligns the accounting for implementation costs incurred in a cloud computing arrangement that is a service contract with the guidance on capitalizing costs associated with developing or obtaining internal-use software. The guidance amends ASC 350 to include in its scope implementation costs of a cloud computing arrangement that is a service contract and clarifies that a customer should apply ASC 350 to determine which implementation costs should be capitalized in such a cloud computing arrangement. This guidance is effective for fiscal years and interim periods within those fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2019. We adopted ASU 2018-05 effective October 1, 2020 the first day of fiscal 2021. The adoption of this standard had no impact on our consolidated financial statements. 
 F-14 
 
 MARINEMAX, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Liabilities: 

Contingent consideration liabilities 

2020 

Level 1 

Level 2 

Level 3 

Total 

(Amounts in thousands) 

Liabilities: 

Contingent consideration liabilities 

There were transfers between the valuation hierarchy Levels 1, 2, and 3 for the fiscal years ended September 30 , 2020, and 2021. 
 The fair value of the Company s interest rate swap contract is calculated as the present value of expected future cash flows, determined on the basis of forward interest rates and present value factors. The inputs to the fair value measurements reflect Level 2 inputs. The interest rate swap contract balance is included in other long-term assets in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. The interest rate swap contract is designated as a cash flow hedge with changes in fair value reported in other comprehensive income in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income. 
 We estimate the fair value of our contingent consideration liabilities using a probability-weighted discounted cash flow model. The contingent consideration liabilities are estimated based on forecasted pre-tax earnings as a base scenario (among other assumptions) subject to a Monte Carlo simulation. The fair value of the contingent consideration liabilities, which reflect Level 3 inputs, is reassessed on a quarterly basis. The contingent consideration liabilities balance is included in accrued expenses and other long-term liabilities in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. Changes in fair value and net present value of the contingent consideration liabilities are included in selling, general and administrative expenses in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 F-15 
 
 MARINEMAX, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Additions from business acquisitions 

Settlement of contingent consideration liabilities 

Change in fair value and net present value of contingency 

Balance as of September 30, 2020 

Additions from business acquisitions 

Settlement of contingent consideration liabilities 

Change in fair value and net present value of contingency 

Balance as of September 30, 2021 

We determined the carrying value of cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, accounts payable, accrued expenses, short-term borrowings, and the revolving mortgage facility approximate their fair values because of the nature of their terms and current market rates of these instruments. The fair value of our mortgage facilities, which are not carried at fair value in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets, was determined using Level 2 inputs based on the discounted cash flow method. We estimate the fair value of our mortgage facilities using a present value technique based on current market interest rates for similar types of financial instruments that reflect Level 2 inputs , 

Mortgage facility payable to Seacoast National Bank 

Mortgage facility payable to Hancock Whitney Bank 

days of the sale. Trade receivables also include amounts due from customers on the sale of boats, parts, service, and storage. Amounts due from manufacturers represent receivables for various manufacturer programs and parts and service work performed pursuant to the manufacturers warranties. 
 Accounts receivable are presented net of an allowance for expected credit losses. The allowance for expected credit losses, which was not material to the consolidated financial statements as of September 30, 2020 or 2021, was based on our consideration of past collection experience, current information, and reasonable and supportable forecasts. 

Amounts due from manufacturers 

Other receivables 

Accounts receivable, net 

F-16 
 
 MARINEMAX, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Parts, accessories, and other 

Work-in-process 

Raw materials 

Inventories, net 

Buildings and improvements 

Machinery and equipment 

Furniture and fixtures 

Vehicles 

Gross property and equipment 

Less: accumulated depreciation and amortization 

Property and equipment, net 

Depreciation and amortization expense on property and equipment totaled approximately million, million, and million, for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2019, 2020, and 2021, respectively. 

. In addition, we lease certain charter boats for our yacht charter business. As of September 30, 2021, the weighted-average remaining lease term for our leases was approximately years. All of our leases are classified as operating leases, which are included as ROU assets and operating lease liabilities in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. For the fiscal years ended September 30, 2019, 2020, and 2021, operating lease expenses recorded in selling, general, and administrative expenses were approximately million, million, and million, of which approximately million, million, and million, related to variable lease expenses, respectively. Our lease agreements do not contain any material residual value guarantees or material restrictive covenants. We do not have any significant leases that have not yet commenced but that create significant rights and obligations for us. We have elected the practical expedient under ASC 842 to not separate lease and nonlease components. 
 Our real estate and equipment leases often require that we pay maintenance in addition to rent. Additionally, our real estate leases generally require payment of real estate taxes and insurance. Maintenance, real estate taxes, and insurance payments are generally variable and based on actual costs incurred by the lessor. Therefore, these amounts are not included in the consideration of the contract when determining the ROU asset and lease liability, but are reflected as variable lease expenses. 
 Substantially all of our lease agreements include fixed rental payments. Certain of our lease agreements include fixed rental payments that are adjusted periodically by a fixed rate or changes in an index. The fixed payments, including the effects of changes in the fixed rate or amount, and renewal options reasonably certain to be exercised, are included in the measurement of the related lease liability. Most of our real estate leases include one or more options to renew, with renewal terms that can extend the lease term from 
 F-17 
 
 MARINEMAX, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 . 

2023 

2024 

2025 

2026 

Thereafter 

Total lease payments 

Less: interest 

Present value of lease liabilities 

Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for lease 
 obligations: 

Operating leases 

The Company reports the amortization of ROU assets and the change in operating lease liabilities on a net basis in accrued expenses and other liabilities in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. 
 
 million . 
 In May 2021, we purchased all of the outstanding equity of KCS International Holdings, Inc., and certain affiliates Cruisers Yachts for an aggregate purchase price of million, subject to certain customary closing and post-closing adjustments, and net working capital adjustments including certain holdbacks. The former owners of Cruisers Yachts are subject to certain customary post-closing covenants and indemnities. 
 F-18 
 
 MARINEMAX, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Recognized amounts of identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed: 

Current assets, net of cash acquired of 

Property and equipment 

Intangible assets 

Current liabilities 

Total identifiable net assets acquired: 

Goodwill 

Total 

The fair value of current assets acquired includes accounts receivable and inventory of approximately million and million, respectively. The fair value of current liabilities assumed includes short-term borrowings of approximately million, accrued expenses of approximately million, and accounts payable of approximately million. The intangible assets acquired include the trade name and customer relationships. The goodwill represents the assembled workforce, acquired capabilities, and future economic benefits resulting from the acquisition. The majority of the goodwill is expected to be deductible for tax purposes. The customer relationships have a weighted average useful life of approximately years. The tradename has an indefinite life. Our results for fiscal 2021 include results from Cruisers Yachts between May 2, 2021 and September 30, 2021. Refer to Note 21 for disclosure of the revenues and income from operations. We have not disclosed the pro forma effect of Cruisers Yachts financial information for fiscal 2020 and prior to acquisition on May 2, 2021, because it is not practical to obtain for comparative purposes and as such is not presented because Cruisers Yachts historical monthly internal accounting and reporting processes and practices would not provide complete information sufficient for the purposes of this pro forma disclosure. 
 In October 2020, we purchased all of the outstanding equity of Skipper Marine Holdings, Inc., and certain affiliates SkipperBud s for an aggregate purchase price of million, subject to certain customary closing and post-closing adjustments, and net working capital adjustments including certain holdbacks. In addition, the former equity owners of SkipperBud s Skippers Sellers ), have the opportunity to earn additional consideration as part of an contingent consideration liability subject to the achievement of certain pre-tax earnings levels. The maximum amount of consideration that can be paid under the contingent consideration liability is approximately million. The fair value of million of the contingent consideration liability arrangement was estimated by a third party valuation expert by applying an income valuation approach. The contingent consideration liability was estimated based on forecasted pre-tax earnings as a base scenario (among other assumptions) subject to a Monte Carlo simulation. The Skippers Sellers are subject to certain customary post-closing covenants and indemnities. The acquisition of SkipperBud s enhances our sales, brokerage, service and marina/storage presence in the Great Lakes region and West Coast of the Unites States. 

Contingent consideration liability 

Fair value of total consideration transferred 

Recognized amounts of identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed: 

Current assets, net of cash acquired of 

Property and equipment 

Intangible assets 

Current liabilities 

Total identifiable net assets acquired: 

Goodwill 

Total 

F-19 
 
 MARINEMAX, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 million and million, respectively. The fair value of current liabilities assumed includes short-term borrowings of approximately million, accrued expenses of approximately million, and customer deposits of approximately million. We recorded approximately million in goodwill and approximately million of other identifiable intangibles (trade name and customer relationships) in connection with the SkipperBud s acquisition. The goodwill represents our enhanced geographic reach and brand infrastructure in the Great Lakes region and West Coast of the Unites States. The majority of the goodwill is expected to be deductible for tax purposes. The intangible assets have a weighted average useful life of approximately years. For fiscal 2021, SkipperBud s revenue was approximately million and income before taxes was approximately million. We have not disclosed the pro forma effect of SkipperBud s financial information for fiscal 2020 because it is not practical to obtain for comparative purposes and as such is not presented because SkipperBud s historical monthly internal accounting and reporting processes and practices would not provide complete information sufficient for the purposes of this pro forma disclosure. 
 In July 2020, we purchased Northrop & Johnson, a leading superyacht brokerage and services company. In March 2020, we purchased Boatyard, a digital platform with an expansive range of on-demand services to streamline the boating experience by qualified service providers from a smartphone. 
 Goodwill and other intangible assets increased, primarily due to acquisitions, by million and million, for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2020 and 2021, respectively. These acquisitions have resulted in the recording of goodwill for tax purposes of million and million, for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2020 and 2021, respectively. In total, current and previous acquisitions have resulted in the recording of million and million in goodwill and other intangible assets as of September 30, 2020 and 2021, respectively. 
 Effective May 2, 2021, our reportable segments changed as a result of the Company s acquisition of Cruisers Yachts, which changed management s reporting structure and operating activities. We now report our operations through new reportable segments: Retail Operations and Product Manufacturing. As a result, the Company allocated goodwill to its reporting units within the Company s reportable segments. 

Goodwill acquired 

Foreign currency translation 

Balance as of September 30, 2020 

Goodwill acquired 

Foreign currency translation 

Balance as of September 30, 2021 

Other long-term assets as of September 30, 2020 and 2021 of million and million, respectively, are primarily long-term deposits and other long-term investments. 

Customer and storage accruals 

Sales and other taxes payable 

Other accruals 

Accrued expenses 

F-20 
 
 MARINEMAX, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

million, extend the term to expire by to July 2024 , with two one-year options to renew, subject to lender approval, and modify certain provisions to provide additional liquidity to the Company. The Credit Facility provides the Company a line of credit with asset based borrowing availability of up to 500.0 million for working capital and inventory financing, with the amount permissible pursuant to a borrowing base formula. . 
 The Credit Facility has certain financial covenants as specified in the agreement. to 1.0 and that our current ratio must be greater than to 1.0. basis points plus the greater of basis points or the one-month LIBOR. There is an unused line fee of basis points on the unused portion of the Credit Facility. In October 2021, we amended the Credit Facility to allow for the transition of the benchmark interest rate used from LIBOR to the Secured Overnight Finance Rate (SOFR). 
 As of September 30, 2021, we were in compliance with all covenants under the Credit Facility. 
 New inventory borrowing eligibility will generally mature 1,080 days from the original invoice date. Used inventory borrowing eligibility will generally mature days from the date we acquire the used inventory. The collateral for the Credit Facility is all of our personal property with certain limited exceptions. of our real estate has been pledged for collateral for the Credit Facility. 
 As of September 30, 2021, our indebtedness associated with financing our inventory and working capital needs totaled approximately million, and included unamortized debt issuance costs of approximately million. As of September 30, 2020 and 2021, the interest rate on the outstanding short-term borrowings was approximately . As of September 30, 2021, our additional available borrowings under our Credit Facility were approximately million based upon the outstanding borrowing base availability. 
 As is common in our industry, we receive interest assistance directly from boat manufacturers, including Brunswick. The interest assistance programs vary by manufacturer, but generally include periods of free financing or reduced interest rate programs. The interest assistance may be paid directly to us or our lender depending on the arrangements the manufacturer has established. We classify interest assistance received from manufacturers as a reduction of inventory cost and related cost of sales. 
 The availability and costs of borrowed funds can adversely affect our ability to obtain adequate boat inventory and the holding costs of that inventory as well as the ability and willingness of our customers to finance boat purchases. However, we rely on our Credit Facility to purchase our inventory of boats. The aging of our inventory limits our borrowing capacity as defined curtailments reduce the allowable advance rate as our inventory ages. Our access to funds under our Credit Facility also depends upon the ability of our lenders to meet their funding commitments, particularly if they experience shortages of capital or experience excessive volumes of borrowing requests from others during a short period of time. Unfavorable economic conditions, weak consumer spending, turmoil in the credit markets, and lender difficulties, among other potential reasons, could interfere with our ability to utilize our Credit Facility to fund our operations. Any inability to utilize our Credit Facility could require us to seek other sources of funding to repay amounts outstanding under the credit agreements or replace or supplement our credit agreements, which may not be possible at all or under commercially reasonable terms. 
 Similarly, decreases in the availability of credit and increases in the cost of credit adversely affect the ability of our customers to purchase boats from us and thereby adversely affect our ability to sell our products and impact the profitability of our finance and insurance activities. 
 F-21 
 
 MARINEMAX, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 (prime minus basis points with a 
 floor of ). Requires monthly principal and interest payments with a balloon payment of 
 approximately million due August 2027 . 

Mortgage facility payable to Seacoast National Bank bearing interest at (greater of 3.00 or prime 
 minus basis points). Requires monthly interest payments for the first year and then monthly principal 
 and interest payments with a balloon payment of approximately million due September 2031 . 

Mortgage facility payable to Hancock Whitney Bank bearing interest at (prime minus basis 
 points with a floor of ). Requires monthly principal and interest payments with a balloon 
 payment of approximately million due November 2027 . of the outstanding borrowings 
 are hedged with an interest rate swap contract with a fixed rate of . 

Revolving mortgage facility with FineMark National Bank & Trust bearing interest at (prime minus 
 basis points with a floor of ). Facility matures in October 2027 . Current available borrowings 
 under the facility were approximately million at September 30, 2021. 

Total long-term debt 

Less: current portion 

Less: unamortized portion of debt issuance costs 

Long-term debt, net current portion and unamortized debt issuance costs 

As of September 30, 2020, we had approximately million under the mortgage facility payable to Flagship Bank. 

2023 

2024 

2025 

2026 

Thereafter 

Total long-term debt 

Other 

Total 

F-22 
 
 MARINEMAX, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Foreign 

State 

Total current provision 

Deferred provision: 

Federal 

Foreign 

State 

Total deferred provision 

Total income tax provision 

State taxes, net of federal benefit 

Stock-based compensation 

Valuation allowance 

Foreign rate differential 

Other 

Effective tax rate 

Operating lease liabilities 

Accrued expenses 

Stock-based compensation 

Tax loss carryforwards 

Other 

Total long-term deferred tax assets 

Deferred tax liabilities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Operating lease right-of-use assets 

Total long-term deferred tax liabilities 

Net deferred tax liabilities 

Pursuant to ASC 740, we must consider all positive and negative evidence regarding the realization of deferred tax assets. ASC 740 provides four possible sources of taxable income to realize deferred tax assets: 1) taxable income in prior carryback years, 2) reversals of existing deferred tax liabilities, 3) tax planning strategies and 4) projected future taxable income. As of September 30, 2021, we have no available taxable income in prior carryback years, limited reversals of existing deferred tax liabilities or prudent and 
 F-23 
 
 MARINEMAX, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 longer had federal NOL carryforwards for federal income tax purposes. As of September 30, 2021, the Company has state NOL carryforwards of approximately million for state income tax purposes, which resulted in a deferred tax asset of million, and expire at various dates from through . 
 Significant judgment is required in evaluating our uncertain tax positions. Although we believe our tax return positions are sustainable, we recognize tax benefits from uncertain tax positions in the consolidated financial statements only when it is more likely than not that the positions will not be sustained upon examination, including resolution of any related appeals or litigation processes, based on the technical merits and a consideration of the relevant taxing authority s administrative practices and precedents. To the extent that the final tax outcome of these matters is different than the amounts recorded, such differences will impact the provision for income taxes in the period in which such determination is made. The provision for income taxes includes the impact of reserve provisions and changes to reserves that are considered appropriate, as well as the related net interest and penalties. 
 We are subject to tax by federal, state, and foreign taxing authorities. Until the respective statutes of limitations expire, we are subject to income tax audits in the jurisdictions in which we operate. We are no longer subject to U.S. federal tax assessments for fiscal years prior to 2018, we are not subject to assessments prior to the 2015 fiscal year for the majority of the State jurisdictions and we are not subject to assessments prior to the 2016 calendar year for the majority of the foreign jurisdictions. 
 
 million shares of our common stock through March 2022. Under the plan, we may buy back common stock from time to time in the open market or in privately negotiated blocks, dependent upon various factors, including price and availability of the shares, and general market conditions. Through September 30, 2021 we had purchased an aggregate of shares of common stock under the current and historical share repurchase plans for an aggregate purchase price of approximately million. As of September 30, 2021, approximately million shares remained available for future purchases under the share repurchase program. 
 
 million, million, and million, for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2019, 2020, and 2021, respectively. 
 Cash received from option exercises under all share-based compensation arrangements for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2019, 2020 and 2021 was approximately million, million, and million, respectively. We currently expect to satisfy share-based awards with registered shares available to be issued from the Stock Purchase Plan. 
 
 share threshold by shares to shares. In January 2011, our shareholders approved a proposal to authorize our 2011 Plan, which replaced our 2007 Incentive Compensation Plan 2007 Plan ). Our 2011 Plan provides for the grant of stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock, stock units, bonus stock, dividend equivalents, other stock related awards, and performance awards (collectively awards ), that may be settled in cash, stock, or other property. Our 2011 Plan is designed to attract, motivate, retain, and reward our executives, employees, officers, directors, and independent contractors by providing such persons with annual and long-term performance incentives to expend their maximum efforts in the creation of shareholder value. Subsequent to the February 2020 amendment described above, the total number of shares of our common stock that may be subject to awards under the 2011 Plan is equal to shares, plus: (i) any shares available for issuance and not subject to an award under the 2007 Plan, which was shares at the time of approval of the 2011 Plan (ii) the number of shares with respect to which awards granted under the 2011 Plan and the 2007 Plan terminate without the issuance of the shares or where the 
 F-24 
 
 MARINEMAX, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 , and awards may be granted at any time during the life of the 2011 Plan. The dates on which awards vest are determined by the Board of Directors or the Plan Administrator. The Board of Directors has appointed the Compensation Committee as the Plan Administrator. The exercise prices of options are determined by the Board of Directors or the Plan Administrator and are at least equal to the fair market value of shares of common stock on the date of grant. The term of options under the 2011 Plan may not exceed . The options granted have varying vesting periods. To date, we have not settled or been under any obligation to settle any awards in cash. 

2.5 

Options granted 

Options cancelled/forfeited/expired 

Options exercised 

Restricted stock awards granted 

Restricted stock awards forfeited 

Additional shares of stock issued 

Balance as of September 30, 2021 

1.9 

Exercisable as of September 30, 2021 

2.0 

options were granted during the fiscal years ended September 30, 2019, and 2020. The weighted-average grant date fair value of options granted during the fiscal year ended September 30, 2021 was . The total intrinsic value of options exercised during the fiscal years ended September 30, 2019, 2020 and 2021 was approximately million, million, and million, respectively. 
 As of September 30, 2021, there was approximately million of unrecognized compensation costs related to non-vested options that are expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of years. 
 We used the Black-Scholes model to estimate the fair value of options granted. The expected term of options granted is estimated based on historical experience. Volatility is based on the historical volatility of our common stock. The risk-free rate for periods within the contractual term of the options is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of grant. 
 
 shares. The Stock Purchase Plan as amended provides for up to shares of common stock to be available for purchase by our regular employees who have completed at least of continuous service. In addition, there were shares of common stock available under our 1998 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, which have been made available for issuance under our Stock Purchase Plan. The Stock Purchase Plan provides for Each annual offering may be divided into two six-month offerings. For each offering, the purchase price per share will be the lower of: (i) 85 of the closing price of the common stock on the first day of the offering or (ii) of the closing price of the common stock on the last day of the offering. The purchase price is paid through periodic payroll deductions not to exceed of the participant s earnings during each offering period. However, no participant may purchase more than worth of common stock annually. 
 We used the Black-Scholes model to estimate the fair value of options granted to purchase shares issued pursuant to the Stock Purchase Plan. Volatility is based on the historical volatility of our common stock. The risk-free rate for periods within the contractual term of the options is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of grant. 
 F-25 
 
 MARINEMAX, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Risk-free interest rate 

Volatility 

Expected life 

As of September 30, 2021, we had issued shares of common stock under our Stock Purchase Plan. 
 
 and after the grant date, depending on the specific award, performance targets met for performance-based awards granted to officers, and vesting period for time-based awards. Officer performance-based awards are granted at the target amount of shares that may be earned and the actual amount of the award earned generally could range from to of the target number of shares based on the actual specified performance target met. We accounted for the restricted stock awards granted using the measurement and recognition provisions of ASC 718. Accordingly, the fair value of the restricted stock awards, including performance-based awards, is measured on the grant date and recognized in earnings over the requisite service period for each separately vesting portion of the award. 

Changes during the period: 

Awards granted 

Awards vested 

Awards forfeited 

Non-vested balance as of September 30, 2021 

As of September 30, 2021, we had approximately million of total unrecognized compensation cost, assuming applicable performance conditions are met, related to non-vested restricted stock awards. We expect to recognize that cost over a weighted-average period of years. 

Effect of dilutive options and non-vested restricted 
 stock awards 

Weighted average common and common equivalent 
 shares used in calculating diluted net income per share 

F-26 
 
 MARINEMAX, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 , , and weighted average shares of options outstanding, respectively, that were not included in the computation of diluted net income per share because the options exercise prices were greater than the average market price of our common stock, and therefore, their effect would be anti-dilutive. 
 
 million and million, respectively. During the fiscal year ended September 30, 2021, we incurred costs associated with store closings and lease terminations. The store closing costs have been included in selling, general, and administrative expenses in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 In connection with certain of our workers compensation insurance policies, we maintain standby letters of credit for our insurance carriers in the amount of million relating primarily to retained risk on our workers compensation claims. 
 We are subject to federal and state environmental regulations, including rules relating to air and water pollution and the storage and disposal of gasoline, oil, other chemicals and waste. We believe that we are in compliance with such regulations. 
 
 -day introductory period starting either , provided that they are years of age. Under the Plan, we matched of participants contributions, up to a maximum of of each participant s compensation. We contributed, under the Plan, or pursuant to previous similar plans, approximately million, million, and million for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2019, 2020 and 2021, respectively. 

new reportable segments: Retail Operations and Product Manufacturing. 
 Reportable Segments 
 The Company s segments are defined by management s reporting structure and operating activities. Our chief operating decision maker CODM is our Chief Executive Officer. Our CODM reviews operational income statement information by segment for purposes of making operating decisions, assessing financial performance, and allocating resources. The CODM is not provided asset information by segment. The Company s reportable segments are the following: 
 Retail Operations. As of September 30, 2021, the Retail Operations segment includes the sale of new and used recreational boats, including pleasure and fishing boats, with a focus on premium brands in each segment. We also sell related marine products, including engines, trailers, parts, and accessories. In addition, we provide repair, maintenance, and slip and storage services we arrange related boat financing, insurance, and extended service contracts we offer boat and yacht brokerage sales yacht charter services. In the British Virgin Islands we offer the charter of catamarans, through MarineMax Vacations . Fraser Yachts Group and Northrop & Johnson, leading superyacht brokerage and luxury yacht services companies with operations in multiple countries, are also included in this segment. The Retail Operations segment includes the majority of all corporate costs. 
 Product Manufacturing. As of September 30, 2021, the Product Manufacturing segment includes activity of Cruisers Yachts, a wholly-owned MarineMax subsidiary, manufacturing sport yacht and yachts with sales through our select retail dealership locations and through independent dealers. Cruisers Yachts is recognized as one of the world s premier manufacturers of premium sport yacht and yachts, producing models from to feet. 
 F-27 
 
 MARINEMAX, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Product Manufacturing 

Depreciation 

Amortization: 

Retail Operations 

Product Manufacturing 

Amortization 

Product Manufacturing 

Elimination of intersegment revenue 

Revenue 

Income from operations: 

Retail Operations 

Product Manufacturing 

Elimination of intersegment income from operations 

Income from operations 

F-28 

<EX-4.2>
 2
 hzo-ex42_6.htm
 EX-4.2

hzo-ex42_6.htm

EXHIBIT 4.2 
 DESCRIPTION OF THE COMPANY S SECURITIES 
 REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE 
 SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 The following is a brief description of the common stock, par value 0.001 per share (the Common Stock of MarineMax, Inc. (the Company ), which is the only security of the Company registered pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 
 Description of Common Stock 
 The following description of the Common Stock, related provisions of the Company s Articles of Incorporation (the Articles and Bylaws (the Bylaws and applicable Florida law is qualified in its entirety by, and should be read in conjunction with, the Articles, the Bylaws, and applicable Florida law. 
 Authorized Capital Stock 
 The authorized capital stock of the Company consists of 40,000,000 shares of Common Stock and 1,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value 0.001 per share (the Preferred Stock ). There are no shares of Preferred Stock currently outstanding. 
 Common Stock 
 Fully Paid and Nonassessable 
 All of the outstanding shares of the Company s Common Stock are fully paid and non-assessable. 
 Voting Rights 
 Holders of Common Stock are entitled to one vote per share on all matters to be voted upon by the shareholders. Holders of Common Stock are not entitled to cumulate votes for the election of directors. 
 Dividends 
 Subject to preferences that may be applicable to any outstanding Preferred Stock, the holders of Common Stock are entitled to receive such dividends, if any, as may be declared from time to time by the members of the board of directors of the Company (the Board out of funds legally available therefor. 
 Right to Receive Distributions Upon Liquidation, Dissolution or Winding Up of the Company 
 In the event of the liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company, the holders of Common Stock are entitled to share ratably in all assets remaining after payment of liabilities, 

subject to prior distribution rights of any Preferred Stock then outstanding . 
 No Preemptive or Similar Rights 
 The Common Stock has no preemptive or conversion rights or other subscription rights. There are no redemption or sinking fund provisions applicable to the Common Stock. 
 Certain Anti-Takeover Effects 
 General 
 Provisions of the Company s Articles and Bylaws are intended to enhance continuity and stability in our Board and in our policies, but may have the effect of delaying or preventing a change in control or making it more difficult to remove incumbent management, even if such transactions could be beneficial to the interests of shareholders. A summary description of these provisions follows: 
 Classified Board 
 Pursuant to the Company s Articles, the Company has a staggered Board. The Company s Articles provide that our Board is divided into three classes. The term of our Class II directors expires at our 2021 annual meeting of shareholders, the term of our Class III directors expires at our 2022 annual meeting of shareholders, and the term of our Class I directors expires at our 2023 annual meeting of shareholders. At each of our annual meetings of shareholders, the successors of the class of directors whose term expires at the meeting of shareholders will be elected for a three-year term, one class being elected each year by our shareholders. We believe that the three-year terms help to ensure the continuity and stability of our management and policies, which we believe are beneficial to shareholders. 
 Authority to Issue Preferred Stock 
 Our Board may issue, without shareholder approval, up to 1,000,000 shares of Preferred Stock, and fix the rights and preferences thereof, without a further vote of the shareholders, which may prevent a takeover. The purpose of authorizing the Board to issue preferred stock and determine its powers, rights, privileges and preferences is to eliminate delays associated with a shareholder vote on specific issuances. The issuance of preferred stock provides flexibility in connection with possible acquisitions and other corporate purposes. 
 
 Other Provisions of Our Articles and Bylaws 
 The Articles also provide that directors may only be removed for cause and upon the affirmative vote of 66 2/3 or more of the voting interest of shareholders entitled to vote. The Articles also contain advance notice requirements by shareholders for director nominations and other actions to be taken at annual meetings. The Articles and Bylaws 

also grant our Board , or the affirmative vote of at least 66 2/3 of the voting interest of shareholders , the power to adopt, amend or repeal the Bylaws. The Articles also contain a higher vote threshold for affiliated and control-share acquisitions . Subject to certain limitations stated in the Articles, the affirmative vote of not less than 66 2/3 of the voting shares, excluding those beneficially owned by a Related Person (as defined in the Articles) who is party to the Business Combination (as defined in the Articles) , shall be required for the approval or authorization of any Business Combination. In addition, certain of our officers and managers have employment agreements containing certain provisions that call for substantial payments to be made to such employees in certain circumstances upon a change in control. 
 These provisions of the Articles and the Bylaws could discourage potential acquisition proposals and could delay or prevent a change in control of the Company. These provisions are intended, however, to: (i) enhance the likelihood of continuity and stability in the composition of the Board and in the policies formulated by the Board and to discourage certain types of transactions that may involve an actual or threatened change of control of the Company that may negatively impact shareholder value; (ii) reduce the Company s vulnerability to an unsolicited acquisition proposal and encourage persons seeking to acquire control of us to first negotiate with our Board; and (iii) discourage certain tactics that may be used in proxy fights. However, such provisions could have the effect of discouraging others from making tender offers for our shares and, as a consequence, they also may inhibit fluctuations in the market price of our shares that could result from actual or rumored takeover attempts. Such provisions also may have the effect of preventing changes in our management. We believe that the benefits of increased protection against an unfriendly or unsolicited proposal to acquire or restructure us outweigh the disadvantages of discouraging such proposals. Among other things, enhanced ability to negotiate such proposals could result in an improvement of their terms. 
 Transfer Agent 
 The transfer agent for the Common Stock is American Stock Transfer Trust Company, LLC. 
 Listing 
 The Company s Common Stock is listed on NYSE under the trading symbol HZO. 

</EX-4.2>

<EX-10.7A>
 3
 hzo-ex107a_778.htm
 EX-10.7A

hzo-ex107a_778.htm

NOTE: PORTIONS OF THIS EXHIBIT INDICATED BY [ ] HAVE BEEN OMITTED FROM THIS EXHIBIT AS THESE PORTIONS ARE NOT MATERIAL AND WOULD LIKELY CAUSE COMPETITIVE HARM IF PUBLICLY DISCLOSED. 
 Exhibit 10.7(a) 
 
 SEVENTH AMENDED AND RESTATED 
 PROGRAM TERMS LETTER 
 
 July 9, 2021 

MarineMax, Inc. 
 MarineMax East, Inc. 
 MarineMax Services, Inc. 
 MarineMax Northeast LLC 
 Boating Gear Center, LLC 
 US Liquidators, LLC 
 Newcoast Financial Services, LLC 
 My Web Services, LLC 
 MarineMax Charter Services, LLC 
 [ ] 
 Gulfport Marina, LLC 
 FWW, LLC 
 Fraser Yachts Florida, Inc. 
 Fraser Yachts California 
 BY Holdings, LLC 
 MarineMax KW, LLC 
 
 Northrop and Johnson Yachts-Ships LLC 
 Northrop Johnson California, Inc. 
 Perfect Yacht Charter LLC 
 N J Media LLC 
 Northrop Johnson Holding LLC. 
 N J Group, LLC 
 Private Insurance Services LLC 
 Skipper Marine, LLC 
 Skipper Bud s of Illinois, LLC 
 Skipper Marine of Madison, LLC 
 Skipper Marine of Fox Valley, LLC 
 
 Skipper Marine of Chicago-Land, LLC 
 Skipper Marine of Michigan, LLC 
 Skipper Marine of Ohio, LLC 
 Silver Seas Yachts, LLC 
 Silver Seas California, Inc. 
 MarineMax Products, Inc. 
 KCS International, Inc. 
 Nisswa Marine, Inc. 

2600 McCormick Drive 
 Clearwater, FL 33759 
 Attn: Mike McLamb 

RE: Wholesale Marine Products Finance Program 
 
 Dear Mike: 
 
 This Program Terms Letter outlines the terms of your marine financing program with Wells Fargo Commercial Distribution Finance, LLC (in its individual capacity, CDF as Agent (CDF, in such capacity as agent, is herein referred to as Agent for the several financial institutions that are parties to the Loan and Security Agreement (as defined below) or may from time to time become party thereto (collectively, the Lenders and individually each a Lender and for itself as a Lender. This program will apply to all outstanding invoices financed by any one or more Lenders pursuant to that certain Sixth Amended and Restated Program Terms Letter dated May 20, 2020, among CDF and Dealers (as amended from time to time, the Existing PTL and to all invoices financed on or after the date hereof. This Program Terms Letter amends and restates the Existing PTL in its entirety. 
 
 This Program Terms Letter supplements that certain Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of the date hereof, among Agent, Lenders and Dealers (the Loan and Security Agreement ). Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings assigned to them in the Loan and Security Agreement. 
 
 The following sets forth the terms of your financing program: 

A. Rates and Terms 

Effective Program Dates: 
 
 Applies to all outstanding invoices and advances financed by any one or more Lenders pursuant to the Existing PTL and all invoices financed by any one or more Lenders on or after the date hereof. 

Seventh Amended and Restated Program Terms Letter 

Subsidy Period: 
 
 As determined by manufacturer program (if applicable). 

Eligible Inventory Collateral: 
 
 All marine product inventory of the Dealers (other than spare parts), subject to the eligibility requirements set forth below. 

Ineligible Inventory 
 Collateral: 
 
 The following inventory shall not be eligible for inclusion in the Borrowing Base: 
 
 Inventory which is subject to or encumbered by any Lien or security interest other than a Lien permitted pursuant to Section 6(a) of the Loan and Security Agreement 
 
 Inventory which is stored on a bailment, consignment, warehouse or similar third party arrangement, unless you comply with Agent s documentation requirements with respect thereto and Agent otherwise agrees in writing 
 
 Offshore inventory 
 
 Inventory that has not cleared United Stated Customs 
 
 Inventory not located in a Permitted Location, subject to Section 6(b)(xiii) of the Loan and Security Agreement 
 
 Inventory held at a location leased by you if you have not delivered to Agent a landlord lien waiver or subordination in form acceptable to Agent. As an alternative, such inventory can be treated as eligible to the extent Agent has established a Rent Reserve with respect to such location. 
 
 Pre-owned inventory if low wholesale values cannot be determined via NADA, Yachtworld.com, survey, or other source acceptable to Agent, unless Agent and Dealers agree on a value 
 
 Inventory held by KCS International Inc. or MarineMax Products, Inc. 
 
 Inventory manufactured by or branded under KCS International Inc. that is greater than 72ft. in length. 

Dealer Rate: 

The effective dealer interest rate for any month (after the manufacturer subsidy period expires, if applicable) shall be LIBOR plus 3.45 . 
 
 The Dealer Rate will be recalculated monthly based on changes in LIBOR. 

Performance Rebate: 

So long as Dealer remains in compliance with all the terms and conditions of the Loan and Security Agreement, this Program Terms Letter and all other agreements or instruments by and between Dealer, Agent and any one or more Lenders, beginning the date hereof through the calendar quarter ending June 30, 2021, and for each calendar quarter thereafter, Agent, on behalf of Lenders, will pay you a rebate to be paid quarterly in an amount equal to 1.25 of the average daily balance of outstanding Obligations owed to Lenders for the prior quarter (the Performance Rebate ). Such rebate will be subject to the following: 
 
 1. Such rebates will be paid within 30 days following the end of the applicable quarter. 
 
 2. The average daily balance of outstanding Obligations will be calculated as the sum of the daily balance of outstanding Obligations for each day in the applicable quarter divided by the number of days in the applicable quarter. 

Seventh Amended and Restated Program Terms Letter 

Unused Line Fee: 
 
 Dealer will be charged a monthly Unused Line Fee in an amount equal to 0.10 multiplied by the Unused Line, calculated based on the actual number of days in the calendar month in a year of 360 days. Unused Line is the Maximum Aggregate Credit Amount, minus the average daily balance of outstanding Obligations owed to Agent and Lenders. Billed monthly. 

Maturity Period: 
 
 Invoices financed for new inventory by any one or more Lenders are considered due in full at 1080 days from original invoice date, except that invoices financed by any one or more Lenders related to all Azimut-Benetti S.p.A., Galeon, LLP., Alexander Marine Company, Ltd., and Sino Eagle Yacht Co., Ltd. are considered due in full at 1080 days from the original funding date. 
 
 Invoices financed for pre-owned (trade in or used) inventory by any one or more Lenders are considered due in full at 361 days from the date Dealer acquires such unit Acquisition Date ). 

Advance Request: 
 
 Each advance shall be made pursuant to a completed written advance request in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A (together with all attachments required thereby, an Advance Request Form or such other form as Agent and Dealers may agree. 

Inventory Advance Rate: 
 
 Other than with respect to inventory manufactured by or branded under KCS International Inc., new inventory that is 72ft or less in length will be subject to the following advance rates applied to the original invoice amount beginning from the original invoice date (or, with respect to Azimut-Benetti S.p.A, Ocean Alexander, Galeon, and Aquila Inventory, from the original funding date): 
 
 0-180 days 100 
 181-360 days 90 
 361-540 days 80 
 541-720 days 70 
 721-900 days 60 
 901-1079 days 50 
 1080+ days 0 
 
 With respect to inventory manufactured by or branded under KCS International Inc., new inventory that is 72ft or less in length will be subject to the following advance rates applied to the original invoice amount beginning from the original invoice date: 
 
 0-180 days 62 
 181-360 days 52 
 361-540 days 42 
 541-720 days 32 
 721-900 days 22 
 901-1079 days 12 
 1080+ days 0 

New inventory that is greater than 72ft in length (other than such inventory manufactured by or branded under KCS International Inc.) will be subject to the following advance rates applied to the original invoice amount beginning from the original invoice date (or, with respect to Azimut-Benetti S.p.A, Ocean Alexander, Galeon, and Aquila Inventory, from the original funding date): 
 
 0-180 days 80 
 181-360 days 70 
 361-540 days 60 
 541-720 days 50 
 721-900 days 40 
 901-1079 days 30 
 1080+ days 0 
 
 Pre-owned (trade in or used) inventory will be subject to the following advance rates from the Acquisition Date on the acquisition cost: 
 
 0-180 days: 85 
 181-360 days: 75 
 361+ days: 0 
 
 The Advance Rate with respect to pre-owned inventory may be subject to a Pre-Owned Inventory Reserve implemented from time to time in Agent s discretion. Pre-Owned Inventory Reserve is defined and calculated as the low wholesale value determined via NADA, Yachtworld.com, survey or other source acceptable to Agent minus the MarineMax Pre-owned Inventory Cost, divided by the low wholesale value determined via NADA, Yachtworld.com, survey or other source acceptable to Agent, as a percentage. MarineMax Pre-owned Inventory Cost is defined as Dealer s internal valuation for pre-owned inventory (as set forth on the monthly inventory certificate and Borrowing Base Certificate). 

Seventh Amended and Restated Program Terms Letter 

Total Eligible Inventory Sublimits: 

Aggregate of all units with a valuation > 750,000 250,000,000 
 Aggregate of all units > 72 feet 75,000,000 
 Inventory purchased from a Foreign OEM 
 (excluding Azimut and Galeon brands) 125,000,000 
 Pre-owned units 75,000,000 

B. General Terms 

Audit/Inspection Fees: 

Pre-closing and annual audit costs will be paid by Dealers. Actual floorcheck expenses for inventory inspections will be paid by Agent, provided that if results of the inspections are not satisfactory to Agent, in its reasonable discretion, then additional inspection expenses will be paid by Dealers. 

MSO s/Titles: 
 
 All pre-owned titles and documentation must show all prior liens released. 

Insurance Certificates: 
 
 On or before the date hereof, Dealer shall deliver to Agent certificates of insurance satisfying the requirements set forth in Section 6 of the Loan and Security Agreement. 

Audit/Inspection Frequency: 
 
 6 x per year 
 
 All locations will be inspected annually at a minimum 
 
 During each inspection, Agent will inspect multiple locations wherein at least 45 of Total Eligible Inventory is located. 
 
 MSO and Preowned Title audits to be conducted every 180 days and additional audits/inspections at any other time at Agent s discretion. The audit/inspection schedule set forth in this section is approximate and Agent may audit on a different schedule at Agent s discretion, without any requirement to modify this Program Terms Letter. 

Seventh Amended and Restated Program Terms Letter 

COMS Non-Usage Fee: 
 
 Dealers will be charged 1,000 in the aggregate per month for any month during which Dealers do not use the CDF COMS on-line payment system for Dealers primary method of payment to Agent. 

Late Payment Fee: 
 
 Under the terms of your financing agreement with Agent and Lenders, you are to remit payment to Agent on behalf of Lenders immediately upon the earlier of (i) your receipt of the proceeds of any sale or other disposition of any unit of collateral financed by any one or more Lenders, and (ii) 7 calendar days after such sale or other disposition. If it is discovered that a unit of collateral is sold or otherwise disposed of without payment remitted to Agent on behalf of Lenders (Sold out of Trust SOT ), whether as the result of an inventory collateral inspection or otherwise, Agent may, in its sole discretion, charge you the following late payment fee on a monthly basis for each SOT item: 

Day 1- 7 after the retail sale of the unit 

On the 8 th day after the retail sale of the unit 

0.00 

.25 of the outstanding invoice amount per unit per month 

NSF Fee: 
 
 You will be charged a fee of 25 for each check or other item that is returned unpaid. 

Please note that the fees and charges referred to above such as the Late Payment Fee and NSF Fee are not intended to be Agent s or any Lender s sole remedies for those events, and if you fail to meet any of your obligations under your agreements with or Agent and/or any one or more Lenders, Agent and each Lender specifically reserves all other rights and remedies legally available to it. 
 
 Seventh Amended and Restated Program Terms Letter 

Customer Online Management System (COMS) : 
 Agent encourages use of COMS, our Internet payment/floorplan system. Agent will assist you in the installation of the system and provide you with training, free of charge. Internet payments are processed via an ACH transaction and at no cost to you. You can view the system s capabilities at https://sec2.cdfconnect.com/coms . 
 
 Application of Terms: 

The terms set forth in this Program Terms Letter shall apply only to loans by Lenders under the Loan and Security Agreement (defined above), and will not apply to any other Wells Fargo Commercial Distribution Finance, LLC platform or joint venture (i.e. RV, Suzuki, Polaris Acceptance, Brunswick Acceptance Company, LLC, etc.) or any loans with any Lender Affiliate. 

Confidentiality Agreement: 
 The rates and terms set forth in this letter are for your benefit and shall be held in the strictest confidence by you; provided that you may disclose the terms hereof to the extent required by applicable laws or regulations if you provide Agent with prior written notice of such disclosure, work with Agent in good faith to redact any information herein requested by Agent, and provide Agent with an opportunity to seek a protective order with respect to such information. Subject to the foregoing, you will take all reasonable precautions to assure the confidentiality of this information is not released to any third party. 
 
 Please ACKNOWLEDGE YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF YOUR FINANCING TERMS AND RETURN TO AGENT. 
 
 tHANK YOU FOR THE OPPORTUNITY TO FINANCE YOUR INVENTORY NEEDS. 
 
 WELLS FARGO COMMERCIAL DISTRIBUTION FINANCE, LLC, 
 as Agent for Lenders 
 
 By: ______________________________________________ 
 Name: 
 Title: Duly Authorized Signatory 
 
 [Note to MarineMax: Please fill in the signature box with the name and conformed signature of the signatory.] 
 Seventh Amended and Restated Program Terms Letter 

ACCEPTED AS OF THE DATE FIRST ABOVE WRITTEN: 

MARINEMAX, INC., 
 a Florida corporation 

By: 
 
 /s/ Michael H. McLamb 

Print Name: 
 
 Michael H. McLamb 

Title: 
 
 Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Secretary 

MARINEMAX EAST, INC., 
 a Delaware corporation 

By: 
 
 /s/ Michael H. McLamb 

Print Name: 
 
 Michael H. McLamb 

Title: 
 
 President, Secretary, Treasurer 

MARINEMAX SERVICES, INC., 
 a Delaware corporation 

By: 
 
 /s/ Michael H. McLamb 

Print Name: 
 
 Michael H. McLamb 

Title: 
 
 Vice President, Secretary, Treasurer 

MARINEMAX NORTHEAST, LLC, 
 a Delaware limited liability company 
 By: MARINEMAX EAST, INC. 
 the sole member of MarineMax Northeast, LLC 

By: 
 
 /s/ Michael H. McLamb 

Print Name: 
 
 Michael H. McLamb 

Title: 
 
 President, Secretary, Treasurer 

BOATING GEAR CENTER, LLC, 
 a Delaware limited liability company 
 By: MARINEMAX EAST, INC., 
 the sole member of Boating Gear Center, LLC 

By: 
 
 /s/ Michael H. McLamb 

Print Name: 
 
 Michael H. McLamb 

Title: 
 
 President, Secretary, Treasurer 

US LIQUIDATORS, LLC, 
 a Delaware limited liability company 
 By: MARINEMAX, INC. 
 the sole member of US Liquidators, LLC 

By: 
 
 /s/ Michael H. McLamb 

Print Name: 
 
 Michael H. McLamb 

Title: 
 
 Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Secretary 

[Signature Page to Seventh Amended and Restated PTL] 

MY WEB SERVICES, LLC, 
 a Delaware limited liability company 
 By: MARINEMAX EAST, INC., 
 the sole member of My Web Services, LLC 

By: 
 
 /s/ Michael H. McLamb 

Print Name: 
 
 Michael H. McLamb 

Title: 
 
 President, Secretary and Treasurer 

MARINEMAX CHARTER SERVICES, LLC, 
 a Delaware limited liability company 
 By: MARINEMAX EAST, INC., 
 the sole member of MarineMax Charter Services, LLC 

By: 
 
 /s/ Michael H. McLamb 

Print Name: 
 
 Michael H. McLamb 

Title: 
 
 President, Secretary, Treasurer 

NEWCOAST FINANCIAL SERVICES, LLC, 
 a Delaware limited liability company 
 By: MARINEMAX EAST, INC. 
 the sole member of Newcoast Financial Services, LLC 

By: 
 
 /s/ Michael H. McLamb 

Print Name: 
 
 Michael H. McLamb 

Title: 
 
 President, Secretary, Treasurer 

[ ] 
 a Florida limited liability company 
 By: MY WEB SERVICES, LLC, 
 the sole member of [ ] 
 By: MARINEMAX EAST, INC., 
 the sole member of My Web Services, LLC 

By: 
 
 /s/ Michael H. McLamb 

Print Name: 
 
 Michael H. McLamb 

Title: 
 
 President, Secretary and Treasurer 

GULFPORT MARINA, LLC, 
 a Delaware limited liability company 
 By: MARINEMAX EAST, INC., 
 the sole member of Gulfport Marina, LLC 

By: 
 
 /s/ Michael H. McLamb 

Print Name: 
 
 Michael H. McLamb 

Title: 
 
 President, Secretary and Treasurer 

[Signature Page to Seventh Amended and Restated PTL] 

FWW, LLC, 
 a Florida limited liability company 
 By: MARINEMAX EAST, INC. 
 the sole member of FWW, LLC 

By: 
 
 /s/ Michael H. McLamb 

Print Name: 
 
 Michael H. McLamb 

Title: 
 
 President, Secretary, Treasurer 

FRASER YACHTS FLORIDA, INC., 
 a Florida corporation 

By: 
 
 /s/ Jeanne Bruss 

Print Name: 
 
 Jeanne Bruss 

Title: 
 
 Secretary 

FRASER YACHTS CALIFORNIA 
 a California corporation 

By: 
 
 /s/ Jeanne Bruss 

Print Name: 
 
 Jeanne Bruss 

Title: 
 
 Secretary 

MARINEMAX KW, LLC, 
 a Florida limited liability company 
 By: MARINEMAX, INC. 
 the sole member of MarineMax KW, LLC 

By: 
 
 /s/ Michael H. McLamb 

Print Name: 
 
 Michael H. McLamb 

Title: 
 
 Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Secretary 

BY HOLDINGS, LLC, 
 a Florida limited liability company 
 By: MARINEMAX, INC. 
 the sole member of BY Holdings, LLC 

By: 
 
 /s/ Michael H. McLamb 

Print Name: 
 
 Michael H. McLamb 

Title: 
 
 Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Secretary 

NORTHROP JOHNSON YACHTS-SHIPS LLC, 
 a Florida limited liability company 
 By: FRASER YACHTS FLORIDA, INC. 
 the sole member of Northrop Johnson Yachts-Ships LLC 

[Signature Page to Seventh Amended and Restated PTL] 

By: 
 
 /s/ Jeanne Bruss 

Print Name: 
 
 Jeanne Bruss 

Title: 
 
 Secretary 

NORTHROP JOHNSON CALIFORNIA INC., 
 a California corporation 

By: 
 
 /s/ Michael H. McLamb 

Print Name: 
 
 Michael H. McLamb 

Title: 
 
 President, Secretary, Chief Financial Officer 

PERFECT YACHT CHARTER, LLC, 
 a Delaware limited liability company 
 By: MARINEMAX , INC. 
 the sole member of Perfect Yacht Charter, LLC 

By: 
 
 /s/ Michael H. McLamb 

Print Name: 
 
 Michael H. McLamb 

Title: 
 
 Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Secretary 

N J MEDIA, LLC, 
 a Florida limited liability company 
 By: MARINEMAX , INC. 
 the sole member of N J Media, LLC 

By: 
 
 /s/ Michael H. McLamb 

Print Name: 
 
 Michael H. McLamb 

Title: 
 
 Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Secretary 

NORTHROP JOHNSON HOLDING LLC, 
 a Florida limited liability company 
 By: MARINEMAX , INC. 
 the sole member of Northrop Johnson Holding LLC 

By: 
 
 /s/ Michael H. McLamb 

Print Name: 
 
 Michael H. McLamb 

Title: 
 
 Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Secretary 

N J GROUP, LLC, 
 a Florida limited liability company 
 By: NORTHROP JOHNSON HOLDING LLC. 
 the sole member of N J Group, LLC 
 By: MARINEMAX, INC. 
 the sole member of Northrop Johnson Holding LLC 

[Signature Page to Seventh Amended and Restated PTL] 

By: 
 
 /s/ Michael H. McLamb 

Print Name: 
 
 Michael H. McLamb 

Title: 
 
 Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Secretary 

PRIVATE INSURANCE SERVICES, LLC, 
 a Florida limited liability company 
 By: MARINEMAX , INC. 
 the sole member of Private Insurance Services, LLC 

By: 
 
 /s/ Michael H. McLamb 

Print Name: 
 
 Michael H. McLamb 

Title: 
 
 Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Secretary 

SKIPPER MARINE, LLC, 
 a Wisconsin limited liability company 
 By: MARINEMAX , INC. 
 the sole member of Skipper Marine, LLC 

By: 
 
 /s/ Michael H. McLamb 

Print Name: 
 
 Michael H. McLamb 

Title: 
 
 Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Secretary 

SKIPPER BUD S OF ILLINOIS,LLC., 
 An Illinois corporation 
 By: MARINEMAX , INC. 
 the sole member of Skipper Bud s of Illinois, LLC 

By: 
 
 /s/ Michael H. McLamb 

Print Name: 
 
 Michael H. McLamb 

Title: 
 
 Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Secretary 

SKIPPER MARINE OF MADISON, LLC, 
 a Wisconsin limited liability company 
 By: MARINEMAX , INC. 
 the sole member of Skipper Marine of Madison, LLC 

By: 
 
 /s/ Michael H. McLamb 

Print Name: 
 
 Michael H. McLamb 

Title: 
 
 Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Secretary 

SKIPPER MARINE OF FOX VALLEY, LLC, 
 a Wisconsin limited liability company 
 By: MARINEMAX , INC. 
 the sole member of Skipper Marine of Fox Valley, LLC 

[Signature Page to Seventh Amended and Restated PTL] 

By: 
 
 /s/ Michael H. McLamb 

Print Name: 
 
 Michael H. McLamb 

Title: 
 
 Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Secretary 

SKIPPER MARINE OF CHICAGO-LAND, LLC, 
 An Illinois limited liability company 
 By: MARINEMAX , INC. 
 the sole member of Skipper Marine of Chicago-Land, LLC 

By: 
 
 /s/ Michael H. McLamb 

Print Name: 
 
 Michael H. McLamb 

Title: 
 
 Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Secretary 

SKIPPER MARINE OF MICHIGAN, LLC, 
 a Michigan limited liability company 
 By: MARINEMAX , INC. 
 the sole member of Skipper Marine of Michigan, LLC 

By: 
 
 /s/ Michael H. McLamb 

Print Name: 
 
 Michael H. McLamb 

Title: 
 
 Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Secretary 

SKIPPER MARINE OF OHIO, LLC, 
 An Ohio limited liability company 

By: 
 
 /s/ Michael H. McLamb 

Print Name: 
 
 Michael H. McLamb 

Title: 
 
 Director, and as such, collectively with the other Director, Manager 

By: 
 
 /s/ W. Brett McGill 

Print Name: 
 
 W. Brett McGill 

Title: 
 
 Director, and as such, collectively with the other Director, Manager 

SILVER SEAS YACHTS, LLC, 
 An Arizona limited liability company 
 By: MARINEMAX , INC. 
 the sole member of Silver Seas Yachts, LLC 

By: 
 
 /s/ Michael H. McLamb 

Print Name: 
 
 Michael H. McLamb 

Title: 
 
 Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Secretary 

SILVER SEAS CALIFORNIA, INC., 
 a Florida corporation 

[Signature Page to Seventh Amended and Restated PTL] 

By: 
 
 /s/ Michael H. McLamb 

Print Name: 
 
 Michael H. McLamb 

Title: 
 
 President, Secretary, Treasurer 

MARINEMAX PRODUCTS, INC., 
 a Florida corporation 

By: 
 
 /s/ Michael H. McLamb 

Print Name: 
 
 Michael H. McLamb 

Title: 
 
 President, Secretary, Treasurer 

KCS INTERNATIONAL INC., 
 A Wisconsin corporation 

By: 
 
 /s/ Michael H. McLamb 

Print Name: 
 
 Michael H. McLamb 

Title: 
 
 President, Secretary, Treasurer 

NISSWA MARINE, INC., 
 A Minnesota corporation 

By: 
 
 /s/ Michael H. McLamb 

Print Name: 
 
 Michael H. McLamb 

Title: 
 
 President, Secretary, Treasurer 

[Signature Page to Seventh Amended and Restated PTL] 

Exhibit A 
 Advance Request Form 
 
 Wells Fargo Commercial Distribution Finance, LLC 
 10 S. Wacker Dr., 20th Floor 
 Chicago, IL 60606 

Re: 
 
 Loan and Security Agreement, dated May 20, 2020, among MarineMax, Inc. Dealer Agent ), the other Dealers party thereto (collectively, together with Dealer Agent, Dealers Wells Fargo Commercial Distribution Finance, LLC (in its individual capacity, CDF as Agent (CDF, in such capacity as agent, is herein referred to as Agent for the several financial institutions that are parties thereto or that may from time to time become party to thereto (collectively, the Lenders and individually each a Lender and for itself as a Lender, and such Lenders, as amended, modified, restated or replaced from time to time (the Agreement 

 Ladies and Gentlemen: 
 The undersigned is agent for Dealers under the Agreement and as such is authorized to make and deliver this advance request (this Request on behalf of Dealers pursuant to Section 1 of the Agreement. All capitalized terms used, but not defined, herein have the meanings provided in the Agreement. 
 Dealers hereby request that Lenders make an advance on ________________, 20____ of ______________________ to Dealers under the terms of the Agreement. 
 The undersigned hereby represents, warrants and certifies that, as of the date hereof, 

(a)each representation and warranty made to Agent and Lenders by or on behalf of any Dealer is true and correct as of the date hereof, except to the extent that such representation or warranty expressly relates to an earlier date, in which event such representation or warranty was true and correct as of such earlier date; 

(b)neither a Default nor any event which with the giving of notice, the passage of time or both would result in a Default has occurred and is continuing or would reasonably be expected to result after giving effect to the advance requested hereby [except _______ ______________________]; 

(c) after giving effect to the advance requested hereby, the aggregate outstanding amount of the Obligations will not exceed the lesser of (i) the Maximum Aggregate Credit Amount minus the outstanding amount of Approvals and (ii) the Borrowing Base minus the outstanding amount of Approvals and any Reserves; 
 
 (d) The terms and conditions of the Agreement apply to this Request. 
 Executed this ____ day of _______________, _____. 
 MarineMax, Inc., 
 a Florida corporation 
 
 By: 
 Its: 
 Typed Name: 

</EX-10.7A>

<EX-10.7C>
 4
 hzo-ex107c_779.htm
 EX-10.7C

hzo-ex107c_779.htm

NOTE: PORTIONS OF THIS EXHIBIT INDICATED BY [ ] HAVE BEEN OMITTED FROM THIS EXHIBIT AS THESE PORTIONS ARE NOT MATERIAL AND WOULD LIKELY CAUSE COMPETITIVE HARM IF PUBLICLY DISCLOSED. 
 Exhibit 10.7c 
 
 AMENDED AND RESTATED LOAN AND SECURITY AGREEMENT 
 
 This Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement (as from time to time amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time and together with any Transaction Statements, as hereinafter defined, this Agreement is entered into as of July 9, 2021, by and between the persons listed in the section of this Agreement entitled List of Dealers (each, individually, a Dealer and, collectively, Dealers ), Wells Fargo Commercial Distribution Finance, LLC (in its individual capacity, CDF as Agent (CDF, in such capacity as agent, is herein referred to as Agent for the several financial institutions that are parties to this Agreement or may from time to time become party to this Agreement (collectively, the Lenders and individually each a Lender and for itself as a Lender, and such Lenders. 
 
 RECITALS 
 
 (a) Dealers do business together or are related entities. 
 
 (b) Dealers , Agent and Lenders are currently parties to that certain Loan and Security Agreement dated as of May 20, 2020 (as amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Existing Financing Agreement ). 
 
 (c) Dealers have requested that Agent and Lenders agree to certain revisions to the credit facility under the Existing Financing Agreement and Agent and Lenders are willing to do so upon the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement. 
 
 (d) This Agreement amends and restates the Existing Financing Agreement in its entirety. Any references in this Agreement or any other Loan Document (as defined below) to the Existing Financing Agreement shall be deemed to be references to this Agreement. 
 
 1. Definitions . Capitalized terms not otherwise defined in this Agreement shall have the following meanings: 
 AAA has the meaning set forth in Section 30(b) of this Agreement. 
 Account Debtor shall mean each Person who is or who may become obligated to any Dealer under, with respect to, or on account of an Account or other Collateral. 
 Accounts shall mean collectively any and all accounts (as such term is defined in the UCC) of each Dealer and each and every right of said Dealer, whether such right now exists or hereafter arises, to (i) the payment of money or (ii) the receipt or disbursement of products, goods, services or other valuable consideration, in each case arising out of (a) a sale, lease or other disposition of Inventory, (b) a rendering of services, or (c) a policy of insurance issued or to be issued covering such Inventory, together with all other rights and interests (including all liens and security interests) which said Dealer may at any time have by law or agreement against any Account Debtor or other Person obligated to make any such payment or against any property of such Account Debtor or other Person. 
 Acquired Assets has the meaning set forth in Section 6(d)(iv) of this Agreement. 
 Acquired Person has the meaning set forth in Section 6(d)(iv) of this Agreement. 
 Advance Date has the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(iv) of this Agreement. 
 Advance Rate with respect to Eligible Inventory Collateral is determined for each category of inventory as set forth in the section entitled Inventory Advance Rate in the Program Terms Letter. 
 Affiliate means any Person that (i) directly or indirectly controls, is controlled by or is under common control of any other Person, (ii) directly or indirectly owns 25 or more of any other Person, (iii) is a director, partner, manager, or officer of any other Person or an affiliate of any other Person, or (iv) any natural person related to any such Person or an affiliate of such Person. 
 Agent has the meaning set forth in the Preamble of this Agreement. 
 1 

Agent Companies has the meaning set forth in Section 30(a) of this Agreement. 
 Agent-Related Persons means Agent, together with its Affiliates, officers, directors, employees, attorneys, and agents. 
 Agent Report has the meaning set forth in Section 21(e)(iii) of this Agreement. 
 Aggregate Excess Funding Amount of a Non-Funding Lender shall be the aggregate amount of all unpaid obligations owing by such Lender to Agent and other Lenders under the Loan Documents , including such Lender s Ratable Share of Loans . 
 Agreement has the meaning set forth in the Preamble of this Agreement. 
 Allocation means, with respect to each Lender, the amount set forth opposite such Lender s name on Exhibit D hereto, under the heading Allocation , as such amount may be reduced or increased from time to time in accordance with this Agreement. 
 Approval means Agent s indication to a Vendor that the Lenders will provide financing to Dealers with respect to a particular invoice or invoices for which CDF has not financed an Invoice for the inventory subject thereto. 
 Approval Date has the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(iv) of this Agreement. 
 Assignment means an assignment agreement entered into by a Lender, as assignor, and any Person, as assignee, pursuant to the terms and provisions of Section 20 (with the consent of any party whose consent is required by Section 20 ), accepted by Agent. 
 Automatic Default has the meaning set forth in Section 12(h) of this Agreement. 
 Availability means 
 (i) the lesser of (a) the Borrowing Base and (b) the Maximum Aggregate Credit Amount minus the outstanding amount of Approvals, minus 
 (ii) the aggregate outstanding principal amount of Obligations, minus 
 (iii) the amount of any Reserves. 
 Borrowing Base means the sum of the following: 
 (i) the applicable Advance Rate multiplied by the invoice amount of the applicable Eligible Inventory Collateral, subject to the following; 
 (a) if the Fixed Charge Coverage ratio is equal to or greater than 1.2x and TTM EBITDA is equal to or greater than twenty five million dollars 25,000,000.00), in each case as shown on the most recent Trigger Compliance Certificate delivered pursuant to Section 8(i) hereof, 100 of the applicable Advance Rate multiplied by the invoice amount of the applicable Eligible Inventory Collateral shown on the most recent inventory certificate Total Eligible Inventory ), or 
 (b) if the Fixed Charge Coverage ratio is less than 1.2x or TTM EBITDA is less than twenty five million dollars 25,000,000.00), in each case as shown on the most recent Trigger Compliance Certificate delivered pursuant to Section 8(i) hereof, 100 of the applicable Advance Rate multiplied by the invoice amount of the applicable Total Eligible Inventory shown on the most recent inventory certificate, less the lesser of (x) twenty million dollars 20,000,000.00) or (y) 10 of Total Eligible Inventory shown on such inventory certificate (such lesser amount, the Collateral Block ((a) or (b), as applicable, the Net Eligible Inventory Amount ), 
 2 

plus 
 (ii) 80 of the net amount of Eligible Accounts; plus 
 (iii) 50 of the invoice amount of Eligible Parts. 
 Borrowing Base Certificate means a complete certificate, executed by an officer of Dealer Representative in the form set forth on Exhibit G indicating the Borrowing Base and the calculations used to determine such amounts. 
 Business Day means any day the Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago is open for the transaction of business. 
 Capital Expenditures means with respect to any Person, all expenditures (by the expenditure of cash or the incurrence of Debt) by such Person during any measuring period for any fixed assets or improvements or for replacements, substitutions or additions thereto that have a useful life of more than one year and that are required to be capitalized under GAAP, but excluding from such calculation expenditures made with the cash proceeds received by Dealer from any insurance claim payable by reason of theft, loss, physical damage or similar event with respect to any of Dealer s respective property or assets. 
 CDF has the meaning set forth in the Preamble of this Agreement. 
 Charges has the meaning set forth in Section 10(a) of this Agreement. 
 Closing Date means the date of this Agreement. 
 Closing Date Guaranty Agreement means that certain Guaranty executed by KCS RE and Wave Aviation in favor of Agent for the benefit of Lenders as of the date hereof. 
 Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to time. 
 Collateral means all personal property of each Dealer, whether such property or such Dealer s right, title or interest therein or thereto is now owned or existing or hereafter acquired or arising, and wherever located, including without limitation, all Accounts, Inventory, Equipment, other Goods, General Intangibles (including without limitation, Payment Intangibles), Chattel Paper (whether tangible or electronic), Instruments (including without limitation, Promissory Notes), Deposit Accounts, Investment Property and Documents, any cash collateral such Dealer may have paid to Agent, and all Products and Proceeds of the foregoing; provided that Collateral shall exclude (a) all Fixtures (other than Goods affixed to Inventory) and (b) all equipment leases and agreements between Dealers and vendors, but only to the extent such leases and agreements prohibit or restrict such Dealers from granting a security interest therein and such prohibition or restriction is not ineffective under Article 9 of the Illinois Uniform Commercial Code or any other applicable law, rule or regulation; provided , further , that Collateral shall include (x) all Accounts and General Intangibles arising under such equipment leases and agreements between Dealers and vendors and (y) all payments and other property received or receivable in connection with any sale or other disposition of such leases and agreements. Without limiting the foregoing, the Collateral includes each Dealer s right to all Vendor Credits. Similarly, the Collateral includes, without limitation, all books and records, electronic or otherwise, which evidence or otherwise relate to any of the foregoing property, and all computers, disks, tapes, media and other devices in which such records are stored. For purposes of this definition only, capitalized terms used in this definition, which are not otherwise defined, shall have the meanings given to them in Article 9 of the Illinois Uniform Commercial Code. 
 Collateral Block has the meaning set forth in the definition of Borrowing Base. 
 Collections mean all monies that Agent receives from a Dealer or other sources (other than Lenders) on account of the Obligations. 
 Contingent Liabilities means any obligation, contingent or otherwise, of any Dealer guaranteeing or having the economic effect of guaranteeing any Debt or obligation of another in any manner, whether directly or indirectly, including without limitation any obligation of such Dealer, direct or indirect, (a) to purchase or pay (or advance or supply funds for the purchase or payment of) such Debt or any security for the payment thereof, (b) to purchase property or services for the purpose of assuring the owner of such Debt of its payment, or (c) to maintain the solvency, working capital, equity, cash flow, fixed charge or other coverage ratio, or any other financial condition of the primary obligor so as to enable the primary obligor to pay any Debt or to comply with any agreement relating to any Debt or obligation. 
 3 

Current Ratio means the ratio, calculated for Dealers on a consolidated basis and in accordance with GAAP, of a current assets determined in accordance with GAAP to b current liabilities determined in accordance with GAAP less balloon payments due on real estate loans which Agent in its reasonable discretion expects to be refinanced . For the avoidance of doubt, all outstanding Obligations shall be deemed current liabilities regardless of their treatment under GAAP. 
 Daily Interest means, with respect to a Lender, for each calendar day of each calendar month, the product of: (a) the outstanding principal amount of Outstandings that are actually funded by Lender pursuant to this Agreement, multiplied by (b) the applicable interest rate set forth in Section 2(a)(vi) of this Agreement. 
 Dealer Affiliate means any Affiliate of a Dealer. 
 Dealer Materials has the meaning set forth in Section 33 of this Agreement. 
 Dealer Representative has the meaning set forth in Section 31(b) of this Agreement. 
 Dealers has the meaning set forth in the Preamble of this Agreement. 
 Debt means all obligations, contingent or otherwise of Dealers which, in accordance with GAAP, should be classified on the balance sheet as liabilities, and in any event including capital leases, Contingent Liabilities that are required to be disclosed and quantified in notes to financial statements in accordance with GAAP, and liabilities secured by any Lien on any property regardless of whether such secured liability is with or without recourse. 
 Default has the meaning set forth in Section 12 of this Agreement. 
 Default Notice means written notice from a Dealer received by Agent s account manager for Dealer or any officer of Agent, specifically advising Agent of the existence of a Default. 
 Default Rate means the lesser of 3 per annum above the rate in effect immediately prior to the Default or the highest lawful contract rate of interest permitted under applicable law. 
 Disputes has the meaning set forth in Section 30(a) of this Agreement. 
 Disqualified Person has the meaning set forth in Section 20(b) of this Agreement. 
 Eligible Accounts has the meaning set forth in Section 2(e) of this Agreement. 
 Eligible Inventory Collateral means all marine product inventory of the Dealers (other than (i) spare parts, (ii) inventory held by KCS, and (iii) inventory held by MarineMax Products, Inc.) that is eligible for inclusion in the Borrowing Base pursuant to the requirements of this Agreement and the Program Terms Letter. 
 Eligible Parts means spare parts inventory of the Dealers that (a) is new, (b) is not subject to or encumbered by any Lien or security interest other than a Lien permitted pursuant to Section 6(a ), and (c) has been held in inventory for no more than 12 months. 
 ERISA means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended from time to time 
 ERISA Affiliate shall mean any trade or business (whether or not incorporated) under common control with any Dealer within the meaning of Section 414(b) or (c) of the Code (and Sections 414(m) and (o) of the Code for purposes of provisions relating to Section 412 of the Code) or Section 4001 of ERISA. 
 ERISA Event shall mean (a) any of the events set forth in Section 4043(c) of ERISA, other than events for which the 30 day notice period has been waived, with respect to a pension plan; (b) a withdrawal by any Dealer or any ERISA Affiliate from a pension plan subject to Section 4063 of ERISA during a plan year in which it was a substantial employer (as defined in Section 4001(a)(2) of ERISA) or a cessation of operations that is treated as such a withdrawal under Section 4062(e) of ERISA; (c) a complete or partial withdrawal by any Dealer or any ERISA Affiliate from a multi-employer plan or notification that a multi-employer plan is in reorganization; (d) the filing of a notice of intent to terminate, the treatment of a plan amendment as a termination under Sections 4041 or 4041A of ERISA, or the commencement of proceedings by the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation to terminate a pension plan or multi- 
 4 

employer plan; (e) an event or condition which constitutes grounds under Section 4042 of ERISA for the termination of, or the appointment of a trustee to administer, any pension plan or multi-employer plan; or (f) the imposition of any liability under Title IV of ERISA, other than for Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation premiums due but not delinquent under Section 4007 of ERISA, upon any Dealer or any ERISA Affiliate. 
 Erroneous Payment has the meaning set forth in Section 3(c) of this Agreement. 
 Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment has the meaning set forth in Section 3(c) of this Agreement. 
 Erroneous Payment Return Deficiency has the meaning set forth in Section 3(c) of this Agreement. 
 Existing Financing Agreement has the meaning set forth in the Recitals of this Agreement. 
 FAA has the meaning set forth in Section 30(f) of this Agreement. 
 FCPA means the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977. 
 Federal Funds Rate means, for any day, the rate per annum equal to the weighted average of the rates on overnight federal funds transactions with members of the Federal Reserve System, as published by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York on the Business Day next succeeding such day, provided that if such rate is not so published for any day which is a Business Day, the Federal Funds Rate for such day shall be the average of the quotation for such day on such transactions received by Wells Fargo Bank, National Association from three federal funds brokers of recognized standing selected by Wells Fargo Bank, National Association. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Federal Funds Rate shall be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero for purposes of this Agreement. 
 Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio means the ratio of (a) TTM EBITDA less Capital Expenditures for the trailing twelve month period (to the extent not financed) to (b) Fixed Charges for the trailing twelve month period. 
 Fixed Charges means cash interest plus scheduled principal payments plus income taxes paid in cash plus dividends and distributions. 
 Foreign OEM means an original manufacturer whose primary headquarters or primary operations are located outside of the United States, including without limitation Alexander Marine Company, Ltd., Galeon, LLP, Azimut-Benetti S.p.A, and Sino Eagle Yacht Co., Ltd. 
 Free Floor Period means a period equal to the number of days during which a Vendor agrees to assume the cost of financing Collateral purchased by a Dealer by granting Agent a Vendor Credit. 
 Funded Debt of any Person means without duplication, (a) all indebtedness of such Person for borrowed money, (b) all indebtedness evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes or similar instruments, (c) all obligations of such Person as lessee under capital leases which have been or should be recorded as liabilities on a balance sheet of such Person in accordance with GAAP, (d) all obligations of such Person to pay the deferred purchase price of property or services (excluding (i) trade accounts payable in the ordinary course of business and compensation or bonus arrangements with persons who are employees or independent contractors of a person, and (ii) any obligation under this Agreement or any other inventory financing agreement among Dealers and CDF), (e) all indebtedness secured by a Lien on the property of such Person, whether or not such indebtedness shall have been assumed by such Person; provided that if such Person has not assumed or otherwise become liable for such indebtedness, such indebtedness shall be measured at the fair market value of such property securing such indebtedness at the time of determination, (f) all obligations, contingent or otherwise, with respect to the face amount of all letters of credit (whether or not drawn), bankers acceptances and similar obligations issued for the account of such Person, (g) all hedging obligations of such Person, (h) all Contingent Liabilities of such Person, (i) all debt of any partnership of which such Person is a general partner, (j) all non-compete payment obligations, earn-outs and similar obligations and (k) any Stock or other equity instrument, whether or not mandatorily redeemable, that under GAAP is characterized as debt, whether pursuant to financial accounting standards board issuance No. 150 or otherwise. 
 Future Advances means any amount that CDF is obligated to pay to a Vendor pursuant to this Agreement within a certain period after an Approval is issued by CDF. 
 5 

GAAP means generally accepted accounting principles as of the Closing Date. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, leases shall continue to be classified and accounted for on a basis consistent with that reflected in the financial statements delivered pursuant to Section 8(a) for the fiscal year ending September 30 , 2018 , including without limitation for purposes of calculating TTM EBITDA and the Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio, without giving effect to any change in accounting treatment of operating and capital leases scheduled to become effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018 as set forth in the Accounting Standards Update No. 2016-02, Leases (Topic 842), issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board in February 2016, 0r any similar publication issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board in connection therewith, in each case if such change would require treating any lease (or similar arrangement conveying the right to use) as a capital lease where such lease (or similar arrangement) was not required to be so treated under GAAP as in effect prior to December 15, 2018.. 
 Governmental Authority means any nation, sovereign or government, any state or other political subdivision thereof, any agency, authority or instrumentality thereof and any entity or authority exercising executive, legislative, taxing, judicial, regulatory or administrative functions of or pertaining to government, including any central bank, stock exchange, regulatory body, arbitrator, public sector entity, and supra-national entity. 
 Guarantor means (a) each Person that guaranties all or a portion of the Obligations, including KCS RE and Wave Aviation under the Closing Date Guaranty Agreement, and (b) each other Person that becomes a guarantor after the Closing Date pursuant to Section 6(d)(iv) of this Agreement or otherwise. 
 Intervening Default has the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(iv) of this Agreement. 
 Inventory Sublimit means the specific sublimits set forth in the section entitled Total Eligible Inventory Sublimits in the Program Terms Letter. 
 Investment means any direct or indirect investment in any Person, including contributions of capital or assets to any Person, investments in or the acquisition of debt securities or equity interests of any Person, or any loans, advances or other extensions of credit to any Person, including any guarantee of obligations of another Person. 
 Invoice means any invoice issued by a Vendor related to an Approval. 
 Kawasaki means Kawasaki Motors Finance Corporation. 
 Kawasaki Intercreditor means that certain Intercreditor Agreement by and among Agent and Kawasaki to be entered into by and between Agent and Kawasaki following the Closing Date, as it may be amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time as permitted therein. 
 Kawasaki Reserve means a reserve in an amount equal to five hundred thousand dollars 500,000.00). 
 KCS means KCS International Inc., a Wisconsin corporation. 
 KCS RE means KCS RE Acquisition Company, LLC, a Wisconsin limited liability company. 
 KCS Vendor Agreement means, collectively, that certain (i) Amended and Restated Vendor Agreement dated as of August 6, 2020 between CDF and KCS, and (ii) Amended and Restated Vendor Agreement dated as of August 4, 2020 between Wells Fargo Capital Finance Corporation Canada and KCS, as each may be amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time. 
 Lender Affiliate means the Affiliate of a Lender. 
 Lender Credit has the meaning set forth in Section 3(a) of this Agreement. 
 Lender Rate means the Dealer Rate as set forth in the Program Terms Letter less any applicable Performance Rebate as set forth in the Program Terms Letter. 
 Lenders has the meaning set forth in the Preamble of this Agreement. 
 6 

LIBOR means the greater of (a) the London Interbank Offered Rate (in U.S. dollar deposits) for a term of one month as published in the Money Rates column of The Wall Street Journal on the first Business Day of each calendar month, plus required regulatory reserves, if applicable (or any Benchmark Replacement as determined pursuant to Section 3( c of this Agreement) or (b) 0.75 . 
 Liens has the meaning set forth in Section 6(a) of this Agreement. 
 Loan Document means this Agreement, any Program Terms Letter or Transaction Statement entered into pursuant to this Agreement, the Closing Date Guaranty Agreement, and all documents delivered to Agent and/or any Lender in connection with any of the foregoing. 
 Loans has the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(i) of this Agreement. 
 Material Adverse Effect means a material adverse effect in (a) Dealers business, operations or financial condition, taken as a whole, (b) the performance and enforceability of this Agreement, (c) any portion of the Collateral in excess of one million dollars 1,000,000.00), or (d) the perfection and priority of Agent s Liens in the Collateral. 
 Maximum Aggregate Credit Amount means an aggregate total of five hundred million dollars 500,000,000.00). 
 Monthly Interest means, with respect to each Lender, for each calendar month, the sum of the Daily Interest for each calendar day of such calendar month. 
 MM Vendor Guaranty means, collectively, that certain (i) Guaranty executed by MarineMax, Inc. in favor of Wells Fargo Commercial Distribution Finance, LLC dated on or about the date of the Third Omnibus Amendment Closing Date, as it may be amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time and (ii) Guarantee executed by MarineMax, Inc. in favor of Wells Fargo Capital Finance Corporation Canada dated on or about the date of the Third Omnibus Amendment Closing Date, as it may be amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time. 
 Net Eligible Inventory Amount has the meaning set forth in the definition of Borrowing Base. 
 Non-Funding Lender means any Lender that has (a) failed to fund any payments required to be made by it under the Loan Documents within two (2) Business Days after any such payment is due (excluding expense and similar reimbursements that are subject to good faith disputes), (b) given written notice (and Agent has not received a revocation in writing), to Agent, any Lender, or Dealer, or has otherwise publicly announced (and Agent has not received notice of a public retraction) that such Lender believes it will fail to fund payments required to be funded by it under the Loan Documents or (c) (or any Person that directly or indirectly controls such Lender has), (i) become subject to a voluntary or involuntary case under the Federal Bankruptcy Reform Act of 1978, or any similar bankruptcy laws, (ii) a custodian, conservator, receiver or similar official appointed for it or any substantial part of such Person s assets, or (iii) made a general assignment for the benefit of creditors, been liquidated, or otherwise been adjudicated as, or determined by any Governmental Authority having regulatory authority over such Person or its assets to be, insolvent or bankrupt, and for this clause (c) , Agent has determined that such Lender is reasonably likely to fail to fund any payments required to be made by it under the Loan Documents. 
 Obligations means all indebtedness and other obligations of any nature whatsoever of each Dealer to Agent, Lenders and/or a Lender Affiliate, arising under this Agreement or any other Loan Document, and whether for principal, interest, fees, expenses, indemnification obligations or otherwise, and whether such indebtedness or other obligations are existing, future, direct, indirect, acquired, contractual, noncontractual, joint and/or several, fixed, contingent or otherwise. 
 OFAC shall mean the U.S. Department of the Treasury s Office of Foreign Assets Control. 
 Other Lender has the meaning set forth in Section 22(a)(i) of this Agreement. 
 Outstandings means, at any time, an amount equal to the aggregate unpaid principal amount of all Loans. 
 Participant Register has the meaning set forth in Section 20(h) of this Agreement. 
 Payment Default means any failure by Dealers to make any payment with respect to the Obligations by the date due and after any applicable grace period under the applicable Loan Document (such date being the Final Payment 
 7 

Date ). Payment Default shall not mean, and shall exclude, any deductions, offsets or other disputes made or asserted by a Dealer which are accepted by or under negotiation with Agent. 
 Payment Recipient has the meaning set forth in Section 3(c) of this Agreement. 
 Performance Rebate has the meaning set forth in the Program Terms Letter. 
 Permitted Discretion means a determination made in good faith and in the exercise of reasonable (from the perspective of a secured asset-based lender) business judgment. 
 Permitted Locations has the meaning set forth in Section 6(b)(xiii) of this Agreement. 
 Person means any individual, partnership, corporation (including a business trust and a public benefit corporation), joint stock company, estate, association, firm, enterprise, trust, limited liability company, unincorporated association, joint venture and any other entity or Governmental Authority. 
 Platform has the meaning set forth in Section33 of this Agreement. 
 Post-Close Period has the meaning set forth in Section 6(b)(xvii) of this Agreement. 
 Public Lender has the meaning set forth in Section 33 of this Agreement. 
 Pre-Owned Inventory Reserve has the meaning set forth in the section entitled Inventory Advance Rate in the Program Terms Letter. 
 Prime Rate means, for any calendar month, an interest rate (calculated on a 360-day year basis as set forth herein) equal to the highest prime rate as published in the Money Rates column of The Wall Street Journal on the first Business Day of such month; if for any reason such rate is no longer published in The Wall Street Journal, Lender shall select such replacement index as Lender in its sole discretion determines most closely approximates such rate. 
 Principal has the meaning set forth in Section 31(b) of this Agreement. 
 Program Terms Letter means the Seventh Amended and Restated Program Terms Letter, dated as of the Closing Date, between the Dealers and Agent (as further amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time). 
 Ratable Share means, with respect to each Lender, the percentage equal to such Lender s Allocation divided by the Maximum Aggregate Credit Amount, as such percentage is set forth opposite such Lender s name on Exhibit D hereto, under the heading Ratable Share , and as such percentage may be reduced or increased from time to time in accordance with this Agreement. 
 Related Persons means, with respect to any Person, each Affiliate of such Person and each director, officer, employee, agent, trustee, representative, attorney, accountant and each insurance, environmental, legal, financial and other advisor (including those retained in connection with the satisfaction or attempted satisfaction of any condition precedent to the execution of this Agreement) and other consultants and agents of or to such Person or any of its Affiliates. 
 Rent Reserve means reserves instituted by Agent in its Permitted Discretion in an amount not to exceed the aggregate of three months rent with respect to each leased Collateral location for which the applicable landlord has not executed and delivered to Agent an agreement, in form and substance acceptable to Agent, subordinating such landlord s lien in the Collateral and providing Agent reasonable access to such Collateral. 
 Replacement Lender has the meaning set forth in Section 22(b) of this Agreement. 
 Reporting Date means (a) each Tuesday that this Agreement is in effect or, if such Tuesday is not a Business Day, the next succeeding Business Day, or (b) any other Business Day selected by Agent in its reasonable discretion. Agent and Lenders hereby acknowledge and agree that the Ratable Shares set forth in Exhibit D attached hereto 
 8 

shall not take effect until the first Reporting Date after the date hereof. Until such Reporting Date, the Ratable Shares of Lenders immediately prior to the date of this Agreement shall continue to be in effect. 
 Required Lenders means Lenders whose aggregate Ratable Share exceeds 50 ; provided, however, if there are two or more Lenders, Required Lenders shall mean no less than two unaffiliated Lenders. 
 Reserves means, as of any date of determination, any Kawasaki Reserves, Pre-Owned Inventory Reserves and Rent Reserves. 
 Sale has the meaning set forth in Section 20(b) of this Agreement. 
 SPV means any Person established by Agent, a Lender or a Lender Affiliate, as a bankruptcy-remote special purpose vehicle and identified as such in a writing by any Lender to Agent. 
 Start Date has the meaning set forth in Section 10(a) of this Agreement. 
 Stock means all shares of capital stock (whether denominated as common stock or preferred stock), equity interests, beneficial, partnership or membership interests, joint venture interests, participations or other ownership or profit interests in or equivalents (regardless of how designated) of or in a Person (other than an individual), whether voting or non-voting. 
 Tangible Net Worth means the shareholders equity of Dealers on a consolidated basis, determined in accordance with GAAP, minus items treated as intangible assets under GAAP, amounts owing by any employee, officer or other Dealer Affiliate, other than draws to commissioned and seasonally compensated employees and advances made for customary travel expenses incurred in the conduct of Dealers business, and any other assets that cannot be identified as tangible assets to Agent s reasonable satisfaction. 
 Third Omnibus Amendment Closing Date means May 2, 2021. 
 Total Eligible Inventory has the meaning set forth in the definition of Borrowing Base. 
 Transaction Statement has the meaning set forth in Section 3(a) of this Agreement. 
 TTM EBITDA shall mean consolidated net income plus the sum of taxes, interest, depreciation and amortization, and one-time costs related to acquisitions plus non-cash stock-based compensation less non-recurring gains or non-cash items increasing net income and tax credits to the extent they increased net income for the trailing twelve month period. 
 UCC means the Uniform Commercial Code as enacted and amended in the State of Illinois, and as may be further amended from time to time, or any other Uniform Commercial Code which governs the creation or perfection of the Liens granted hereunder. 
 USA M has the meaning set forth in Section 30(b) of this Agreement. 
 USA PATRIOT Act means the Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act of 2001 (Title III of Pub. L. No. 107- 56 (signed into law October 26, 2001)). 
 Vehicle Certification means the (1) California Vehicle Dealer, Vehicle Rental Company or Affiliate Certification, (2) New York Vehicle Dealer, Rental Vehicle Company or Affiliate Certificate, and (3) such other vehicle certifications which may be required to be delivered to Agent from time to time, each in form and substance satisfactory to Agent. 
 Vendor Credits means all of each Dealer s rights to any price protection payments, rebates, discounts, credits, factory holdbacks, incentive payments and other amounts which at any time are due a Dealer from a Vendor. 
 Vendors means all manufacturers and vendors from which Dealers purchase inventory. 
 Wave Aviation means Wave Aviation LLC, a Florida limited liability company. 
 9 

2. Extensions of Credit . 
 
 (a) Advances . 
 
 (i) Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement (including, without limitation, Sections 2(a)(iv) and (v) below) , the Lenders severally and not jointly agree to make available to Dealers extensions of credit Loans in an amount equal to each such Lender s Ratable Share of such Loan to any one or more Dealers on a revolving basis in such amounts as Dealers may from time to time request up to the amount of Availability to purchase inventory, which will be subject to a purchase money security interest in favor of Agent, as collateral agent for Lenders, and for other general corporate purposes not in violation of law. With respect to each request by Dealers for a Loan, Agent will calculate the components of Availability as of the date of issuance of an Approval by Agent with respect to such request based upon (A) with respect to Borrowing Base, the most recent Borrowing Base Certificate delivered in accordance with Section 8(f) of this Agreement acceptable to Agent in its reasonable discretion and (B) with respect to the outstanding amount of Approvals, the outstanding principal amount of Obligations and the amount of any Reserves, the applicable amount of each as of such date. For the avoidance of doubt, the principal amount outstanding under the Existing Financing Agreement as of the close of business on the date hereof shall be deemed a Loan outstanding under this Agreement, and shall be subject to the funding procedure set forth in Section 2(a)(v) below on the first Reporting Date following the Closing Date. 
 
 (ii) (A) Repayments from time to time of the outstanding balance of the indebtedness hereunder shall be available to be re-borrowed pursuant to the terms and conditions of this Agreement; (B) no Loan will be made to the extent such Loan would cause any Lender to have outstanding Loans in a principal amount in excess of such Lender s Allocation; (C) if the Obligations hereunder outstanding at any time or from time to time exceed the lesser of (I) the Maximum Aggregate Credit Amount minus the outstanding amount of Approvals and any Reserves and (II) the Borrowing Base minus any Reserves, Dealers shall immediately (but in any event within two (2) Business Days) pay the amount of such excess to Agent for the benefit of Lenders; provided that, in its reasonable discretion, Agent may cause the Lenders to immediately cease to make Loans and/or Agent may immediately cease to issue Approvals until such repayment occurs; (D) if the Obligations outstanding at any time or from time to time with respect to any specific category of inventory exceed any applicable Inventory Sublimit, Dealers shall immediately (but in any event within two (2) Business Days) pay the amount of such excess to Agent for the benefit of Lenders; and (E) notwithstanding anything else contained in this Agreement, (I) in its reasonable discretion, Agent may cause the Lenders to immediately cease to make any Loans and/or Agent may immediately cease to issue Approvals (x) upon the occurrence and during the continuance of any Default or upon the occurrence and during the continuance of any event which, with the giving of notice, the passage of time, or both would result in a Default, or (y) if any remittance for any Obligations is dishonored when first presented for payment, until such payment is honored, and (II) upon termination of this Agreement, Dealers shall repay to Agent on behalf of Lenders all Obligations hereunder, plus interest accrued to the date of payment. 
 
 (iii) In addition to all other requirements of this Agreement, but subject to Section 2(a)(iv) , below, each Lender s obligation to make each Loan is subject to the fulfillment or waiver of each and every of the following conditions prior to or contemporaneously with the making of each and every such Loan: 
 
 (A) each representation and warranty made to Agent and Lenders by or on behalf of any Dealer is true and correct as of the date hereof, except to the extent that such representation or warranty expressly relates to an earlier date, in which event such representation or warranty was true and correct as of such earlier date; and 
 (B) neither a Default nor any event which with the giving of notice, the passage of time or both would result in a Default has occurred and is continuing or would reasonably be expected to result after giving effect to the Loan requested. 
 
 (iv) Each Lender shall have the obligation to fund its Ratable Share of a Loan upon issuance by CDF of an Approval. Lenders acknowledge and agree that: (A) CDF typically issues Approvals on a date (each, an Approval Date prior to the date CDF is required actually to fund the Loan (each, an Advance Date that is based on such Approval, (B) once an Approval has been issued, and the Vendor receiving such Approval shall have shipped its product based thereon, CDF may deem itself obligated to fund the related Loan on the Advance Date, notwithstanding any Automatic Default, Payment Default, Default Notice or other Default that may arise on or prior to an Approval Date (each, an Intervening Default ), and (C) each Lender shall be obligated to fully fund in cash such Lender s Ratable Share in any Loans which derive from all Approvals issued by CDF in good faith, as well as any Approvals and Future Advances based thereon, notwithstanding any Intervening Default. 
 
 10 

(v) On each Reporting Date on or before 2:00 p.m. central time, Agent shall deliver notice to each Lender of the amount of Loans Lender has funded and such Lender s Ratable Share multiplied by Outstandings, and: (A) if the amount of Loans Lender has funded is less than Lender s Ratable Share multiplied by the Outstandings calculated as of such Reporting Date, then Lender shall remit such deficiency to Agent (on behalf of CDF) by 5:00 p.m. central time on the Business Day immediately following such Reporting Date, and (B) if the amount of Loans Lender has funded is more than Lender s Ratable Share multiplied by the Outstandings calculated as of such Reporting Date, then Agent (on behalf of CDF) will remit such excess to such Lender by 5:00 p.m. central time on the Business Day immediately following such Reporting Date. Each payment due to Agent or Lenders will be paid in immediately available funds according to the electronic transfer instructions set forth on Exhibit E attached hereto, and, if not timely paid in accordance with this Agreement, will bear interest until paid at a rate per annum equal to the Lender Rate. If CDF is acting as Agent, it shall be deemed to have paid its deficiency or received its excess as set forth above on each Reporting Date. Each Lender hereby waives any right it may now or in the future have to set-off its obligation to make any payment to CDF or Agent under this Agreement against any obligation of CDF or Agent to such Lender, whether under this Agreement or any other agreement between CDF and such Lender or Agent and such Lender . 
 
 (vi) The amount of Loans each Lender has funded shall bear interest at the Lender Rate, as such rate may change pursuant to the terms of the applicable Program Terms Letter. Interest will be computed on the basis of a 360-day year and assess for the actual number of days elapsed. Provided Lender is not a Non-Funding Lender, then the amount of Monthly Interest, if any, payable to Lender, less any Administrative Fee due to Agent pursuant to a Fee Letter between Agent and Lender, shall be distributed by Agent to Lender monthly in arrears on the latter of: (A) the fifteenth (15 th day of the applicable month, or if the fifteenth (15 th is not a Business Day, the next succeeding Business Day, or (B) within five (5) Business Days after Agent s receipt thereof from all Dealers. To the extent that Lender is entitled to receive interest income in excess of the Monthly Interest, if such additional interest has not previously been distributed to Lender, then Lender shall be entitled to receive an additional payment from Agent equivalent to Lender s Ratable Share of such interest income. Any amounts due to Lender for income in excess of the Monthly Interest shall be reflected and paid with Monthly Interest as set forth above. Lenders acknowledge and agree that the rate of return paid on any Loan is dependent on numerous factors, including discounts and subsidies offered by Vendors. Application of any Collections received by Agent as interest in cash or good collected funds representing payment of interest on the Loans may result in the payment of interest to Lender in excess of the rate set forth in this subsection. 
 
 (vii) Provided a Lender is not a Non-Funding Lender, any Collections received by Agent in good collected funds representing payment of any part of the Unused Line Fee (as described in the Program Terms Letter) shall be paid by Agent to each Lender in an amount equal to such Lender s Ratable Share monthly in arrears, with Monthly Interest as set forth in Section 2(a)(vi) . 
 
 (viii) Lenders acknowledge that Dealers may be entitled to receive a Performance Rebate on a calendar quarter basis pursuant to the terms of the Program Terms Letter. Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, if the Performance Rebate is not earned by or otherwise paid to Dealers during any calendar quarter, each Lender may be entitled to receive an additional payment from Agent equivalent to such Lender s share of such portion of the Performance Rebate not earned by or otherwise paid to Dealers. Any amounts due to Lenders under this Section 2(a)(viii) shall be reflected in a notice to be delivered in the manner set forth in Section 2(a)(v) of this Agreement within forty-five (45) days following the end of the applicable calendar quarter. 
 
 (ix) As of the Closing Date, all outstanding advances under the Existing Financing Agreement shall be deemed Loans under this Agreement. 
 
 (b) Advance Rates . The advance rates with respect to inventory as well as additional details of the financing program are set forth in the Program Terms Letter, the terms of which are incorporated herein by this reference. This Agreement concerns the extension of credit, and not the provision of goods or services. 
 
 (c) Erroneous Payments . 
 
 (i) Each Lender, each other secured party, and any other party hereto hereby severally agrees that if (A) the Agent notifies (which such notice shall be conclusive absent manifest error) such Lender or any other secured party (or the Lender Affiliate of a secured party) or any other Person that has received funds from the Agent or any of its Affiliates, either for its own account or on behalf of a Lender, or other secured party (each such recipient, a Payment Recipient ), that the Agent has determined in its sole 
 11 

discretion that any funds received by such Payment Recipient were erroneously transmitted to, or otherwise erroneously or mistakenly received by, such Payment Recipient (whether or not known to such Payment Recipient) or B any Payment Recipient receives any payment from the Agent (or any of its Affiliates) 1 that is in a different amount than, or on a different date from, that specified in a notice of payment, prepayment or repayment sent by the Agent (or any of its Affiliates) with respect to such payment, prepayment or repayment, as applicable, 2 that was not preceded or accompanied by a notice of payment, prepayment or repayment sent by the Agent (or any of its Affiliates) with respect to such payment, prepayment or repayment, as applicable, or 3 that such Payment Recipient otherwise becomes aware was transmitted or received in error or by mistake (in whole or in part) then, in each case, an error in payment shall be presumed to have been made (any such amounts specified in clauses A or B of this Section 2 (c)(i) , whether received as a payment, prepayment or repayment of principal, interest, fees, distribution or otherwise; individually and collectively, an Erroneous Payment ), then, in each case, such Payment Recipient is deemed to have knowledge of such error at the time of its receipt of such Erroneous Payment; provided that nothing in this Section 2 (c) shall require the Agent to provide any of the notices specified in clauses A or B above. Each Payment Recipient agrees that it shall not assert any right or claim to any Erroneous Payment, and hereby waives any claim, counterclaim, defense or right of set-off or recoupment with respect to any demand, claim or counterclaim by the Agent for the return of any Erroneous Payments, including without limitation waiver of any defense based on discharge for value or any similar doctrine. 
 
 (ii) Without limiting the immediately preceding clause (i) , each Payment Recipient agrees that, in the case of clause (i)(B) above, it shall promptly notify the Agent in writing of such occurrence. 
 
 (iii) In the case of either clause (i)(A) or (i)(B) above, such Erroneous Payment shall at all times remain the property of the Agent and shall be segregated by the Payment Recipient and held in trust for the benefit of the Agent, and upon demand from the Agent such Payment Recipient shall (or, shall cause any Person who received any portion of an Erroneous Payment on its behalf to), promptly, but in all events no later than one Business Day thereafter, return to the Agent the amount of any such Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) as to which such a demand was made in same day funds and in the currency so received, together with interest thereon in respect of each day from and including the date such Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) was received by such Payment Recipient to the date such amount is repaid to the Agent at the greater of the Federal Funds Rate and a rate determined by the Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation from time to time in effect. 
 
 (iv) In the event that an Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) is not recovered by the Agent for any reason, after demand therefor by the Agent in accordance with the immediately preceding clause (iii) , from any Lender that is a Payment Recipient or an Affiliate of a Payment Recipient (such unrecovered amount as to such Lender, an Erroneous Payment Return Deficiency ), then at the sole discretion of the Agent and upon the Agent s written notice to such Lender, such Lender shall be deemed to have made a cashless assignment of the full face amount of the portion of its Loans (but not its Allocation commitment) with respect to which such Erroneous Payment was made to the Agent or, at the option of the Agent, the Agent s applicable lending affiliate in an amount that is equal to the Erroneous Payment Return Deficiency (or such lesser amount as the Agent may specify) (such assignment of the Loans (but not Allocation commitment), the Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment plus any accrued and unpaid interest on such assigned amount, without further consent or approval of any party hereto and without any payment by the Agent or its applicable lending affiliate as the assignee of such Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment. Without limitation of its rights hereunder, the Agent may cancel any Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment at any time by written notice to the applicable assigning Lender and upon such revocation all of the Loans assigned pursuant to such Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment shall be reassigned to such Lender without any requirement for payment or other consideration. The parties hereto acknowledge and agree that (A) any assignment contemplated in this clause (iv) shall be made without any requirement for any payment or other consideration paid by the applicable assignee or received by the assignor, (B) the provisions of this clause (iv) shall govern in the event of any conflict with the terms and conditions of Section 20 and (C) the Agent may reflect such assignments in any register maintained by Agent without further consent or action by any other Person. 
 
 (v) Each party hereto hereby agrees that (A) in the event an Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) is not recovered from any Payment Recipient that has received such Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) for any reason, the Agent (1) shall be subrogated to all the rights of such Payment Recipient with respect to such amount and (2) is authorized to set off, net and apply any and all amounts at any time owing to such Payment Recipient under any Loan Document, or otherwise payable or distributable by the Agent to such Payment Recipient from any source, against any amount due to the Agent under this Section 2(c) or 
 12 

under the indemnification provisions of this Agreement, B the receipt of an Erroneous Payment by a Payment Recipient shall not for the purpose of this Agreement be treated as a payment, prepayment, repayment, discharge or other satisfaction of any Obligations owed by the Borrower or any other loan party, except, in each case, to the extent such Erroneous Payment is, and solely with respect to the amount of such Erroneous Payment that is, comprised of funds received by the Agent from the Borrower or any other loan party for the purpose of making for a payment on the Obligations and C to the extent that an Erroneous Payment was in any way or at any time credited as payment or satisfaction of any of the Obligations, the Obligations or any part thereof that were so credited, and all rights of the Payment Recipient, as the case may be, shall be reinstated and continue in full force and effect as if such payment or satisfaction had never been received. 
 
 (vi) Each party s obligations under this Section 2(c) shall survive the resignation or replacement of the Agent or any transfer of right or obligations by, or the replacement of, a Lender, the termination of the Allocation commitments or the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all Obligations (or any portion thereof) under any Loan Document. 
 
 (vii) Nothing in this Section 2(c) will constitute a waiver or release of any claim of any party hereunder arising from any Payment Recipient s receipt of an Erroneous Payment. 
 
 (d) [reserved] 
 
 (e) Eligible Accounts . 
 
 (i) Eligible Accounts means all Accounts of the Dealers other than the following: 
 
 (A) Accounts created from the sale of goods and services on non-standard terms and/or that allow for payment to be made more than sixty (60) days from the date of sale; 
 (B) Accounts unpaid more than ninety (90) days from date of invoice; 
 (C) all Accounts of any obligor if fifty percent (50 or more of the aggregate outstanding balance of such obligor s Accounts are unpaid for more than ninety (90) days from the date of invoice; 
 (D) Accounts for which the obligor is an officer, director, shareholder, partner, member, owner, employee, agent, parent, subsidiary, affiliate of, or is related to any Dealer or has common shareholders, officers, directors, owners, partners or members with Dealer; 
 (E) consignment sales; 
 (F) Accounts for which the payment is or may be conditional; 
 (G) Accounts for which the obligor is not a commercial or institutional Person or is not a resident of the United States; 
 (H) Accounts with respect to which any warranty or representation provided in Subsection 2(e)(ii) is not true and correct; 
 (I) Accounts which represent goods or services purchased for a personal, family or household purpose; 
 (J) Accounts which represent goods used for demonstration purposes or loaned by any Dealer to another party; 
 (K) Accounts which are progress payment, barter, or contra accounts; 
 (L) Accounts in which CDF does not have a first priority perfect security interest therein; 
 (M) Accounts arising from the sale of goods other than inventory; 
 (N) Accounts with respect to which Agent has not completed due diligence reasonably satisfactory to Agent; and 
 (O) any and all other Accounts which Agent deems to be ineligible. 
 
 (ii) For each Account that Dealers include in any Borrowing Base Certificate, each Dealer represents and warrants to Agent and Lenders that at all times: 
 
 (A) such Account is genuine; 
 (B) such Account is not evidenced by a judgment or promissory note or similar instrument or agreement; 
 (C) such Account represents an undisputed bona fide transaction completed in accordance with the terms of the invoices and purchase orders relating thereto; 
 (D) the goods sold or services rendered which resulted in the creation of such Account have been delivered or rendered to and accepted by the obligor; 
 13 

(E) the amounts shown on the Borrowing Base Certificate, Dealers books and records and all invoices and statements delivered to Agent with respect thereto are owing to a Dealer and are not contingent; 
 (F) there are no offsets, counterclaims or disputes existing or asserted with respect thereto and no Dealer has made any agreement with any obligor for any deduction or discount of the sum payable thereunder except regular discounts allowed by Dealers in the ordinary course of its business for prompt payment which have been disclosed to Agent; 
 (G) there are no facts or events which in any way impair the validity or enforceability thereof or reduce the amount payable thereunder from the amount shown on the Borrowing Base Certificate, such Dealer s books and records and the invoices and statements delivered to Agent with respect thereto; 
 (H) all persons acting on behalf of obligors thereon have the authority to bind the obligor; 
 (I) the goods sold or transferred giving rise thereto were not, immediately prior to such sale or transfer, subject to any lien, claim, encumbrance or security interest which is superior to that of Agent for the benefit of Lenders; and 
 (J) there has been no material adverse change in the obligor s financial condition since the creation of the Account, and there are no proceedings or actions known to Dealer which are threatened or pending against any obligor thereon which might result in any material adverse change in such obligor s financial condition. 
 
 3. Financing Terms . 
 
 (a) Certain financial terms of any Loan made under this Agreement are set forth in the Program Terms Letter. In connection with financing an item of inventory for any Dealer, Agent, on behalf of the Lenders, will transmit or otherwise make available to such Dealer and Lenders a Transaction Statement which is a record that may be transmitted by Agent to such Dealer from time to time which identifies the Collateral financed and/or the advance made and the terms and conditions of repayment of such advance as provided in this Agreement. Dealers agree that a Dealer s failure to notify Agent in writing of any objection to a Transaction Statement within thirty (30) days after a Transaction Statement is transmitted or otherwise sent to such Dealer shall constitute Dealers (i) acceptance thereof, (ii) agreement that the Lenders are financing such inventory at Dealers request, and (iii) agreement that such Transaction Statement will be incorporated herein by reference to the extent not inconsistent with the terms hereof. To the extent any Transaction Statement is inconsistent with the terms hereof, this Agreement (including any applicable Program Terms Letter) shall govern and control. If any Dealer objects to any Transaction Statement, such Dealer and Agent, on behalf of Lenders, will work in good faith to resolve such objection within sixty (60) days after the applicable Transaction Statement is transmitted or otherwise sent to such Dealer. However, notwithstanding such objection, Dealers will pay Agent on behalf of Lenders for such inventory in accordance with this Agreement. With respect to any advance made to a Vendor on behalf of a Dealer, Agent, on behalf of any one or more Lenders, may apply against any such amount owed to Vendor any amount such Lender or Lenders is owed from such Vendor with respect to Free Floor Periods (each, a Lender Credit or any other amounts such Lender or Lenders is owed from such Vendor. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Dealers agree to pay the full amount reflected on any Transaction Statement. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, including without limitation the provisions of Section 17 hereof, without the consent of Lenders, CDF may change any aspect or portion of any Transaction Statement at any time, provided that such change is not inconsistent with the terms and conditions of this Agreement. 
 
 (b) Upon receipt by Agent of a request for a Loan under and pursuant to CDF s standard advance request procedures and the issuance of a Transaction Statement by Agent as set forth in Section 3(a) above, each Lender shall follow the funding procedures established by Agent, from time to time, and shall, as and when requested by Agent, advance funds to Agent to fund such Loan in amounts equal to such Lender s Ratable Share of such Loan. 
 (c) Effect of Benchmark Transition Event . 
 
 (i) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, upon the occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event or an Early Opt-in Election, as applicable, the Agent and the Dealers may amend this Agreement to replace LIBOR with a Benchmark Replacement. Any such amendment with respect to a Benchmark Transition Event will become effective at 5:00 p.m. on the fifth (5th) Business Day after the Agent has posted such proposed amendment to all Lenders and the Dealers so long as the Agent has not received, by such time, written notice of objection to such amendment from Lenders comprising the Required Lenders. Any such amendment with respect to an Early Opt-in Election will become effective on the date that Lenders comprising the Required Lenders have delivered to the Agent written notice that such Required Lenders accept such amendment. No replacement of LIBOR with a Benchmark Replacement pursuant to this Section titled Effect of Benchmark Transition Event will occur prior to the applicable Benchmark Transition Start Date. 
 (ii) In connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, the Agent will have the right to make Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, any amendments implementing such 
 14 

Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes will become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement. 
 (iii) Standards for Decisions and Determinations. The Agent will promptly notify the Dealers and the Lenders of (i) any occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event or an Early Opt-in Election, as applicable, and its related Benchmark Replacement Date and Benchmark Transition Start Date, (ii) the implementation of any Benchmark Replacement, (iii) the effectiveness of any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes and (iv) the commencement or conclusion of any Benchmark Unavailability Period. Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Agent or Lenders pursuant to this Section titled Effect of Benchmark Transition Event, including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action, will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error and may be made in its or their sole discretion and without consent from any other party hereto, except, in each case, as expressly required pursuant to this Section titled Effect of Benchmark Transition Event. 
 (iv) Upon the Dealers receipt of notice (which may be via electronic means, including e-mail) of the commencement of a Benchmark Unavailability Period, the Dealers may revoke any request for a LIBOR borrowing of, conversion to or continuation of LIBOR Loans to be made, converted or continued during any Benchmark Unavailability Period and, failing that, the Dealers will be deemed to have converted any such request into a request for a Dealer of or conversion to Prime Rate Loans. During any Benchmark Unavailability Period, the component of Prime Rate based upon LIBOR, if any, will not be used in any determination of Prime Rate. 
 (v) As used in this Section 3(c) : 
 (A) Benchmark Replacement means the sum of: (a) the alternate benchmark rate (which may include Term SOFR) that has been selected by the Agent and the Dealers giving due consideration to (i) any selection or recommendation of a replacement rate or the mechanism for determining such a rate by the Relevant Governmental Body or (ii) any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a rate of interest as a replacement to LIBOR for U.S. dollar-denominated syndicated credit facilities and (b) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; provided that, if the Benchmark Replacement as so determined would be less than zero, the Benchmark Replacement will be deemed to be zero for the purposes of this Agreement. 
 (B) Benchmark Replacement Adjustment means, with respect to any replacement of LIBOR with an Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for each applicable interest period, the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected by the Agent and the Dealers giving due consideration to (i) any selection or recommendation of a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of LIBOR with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement by the Relevant Governmental Body or (ii) any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of LIBOR with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for U.S. dollar-denominated syndicated credit facilities at such time. 
 (C) Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes means, with respect to any Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest and other administrative matters) that the Agent decides may be appropriate to reflect the adoption and implementation of such Benchmark Replacement and to permit the administration thereof by the Agent in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Agent decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Agent determines that no market practice for the administration of the Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other manner of administration as the Agent decides is reasonably necessary in connection with the administration of this Agreement). 
 (D) Benchmark Replacement Date means the earlier to occur of the following events with respect to LIBOR: 
 (1) in the case of clause (i) or (ii) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the later of (a) the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein and (b) the date on which the administrator of LIBOR permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide LIBOR; or 
 (2) in the case of clause (iii) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein. 
 (E) Benchmark Transition Event means the occurrence of one or more of the following events with respect to LIBOR: 
 (1) a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of LIBOR announcing that such administrator has ceased or will cease to provide LIBOR, permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide LIBOR; 
 15 

(2) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of LIBOR, the U.S. Federal Reserve System, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for LIBOR, a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for LIBOR or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for LIBOR, which states that the administrator of LIBOR has ceased or will cease to provide LIBOR permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide LIBOR; or 
 (3) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of LIBOR announcing that LIBOR is no longer representative. 
 (F) Benchmark Transition Start Date means (i) in the case of a Benchmark Transition Event, the earlier of (a) the applicable Benchmark Replacement Date and (b) if such Benchmark Transition Event is a public statement or publication of information of a prospective event, the 90th day prior to the expected date of such event as of such public statement or publication of information (or if the expected date of such prospective event is fewer than 90 days after such statement or publication, the date of such statement or publication) and (ii) in the case of an Early Opt-in Election, the date specified by the Agent or the Required Lenders, as applicable, by notice (which may be via electronic means, including e-mail) to the Dealers, the Agent (in the case of such notice by the Required Lenders) and the Lenders. 
 (G) Benchmark Unavailability Period means, if a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to LIBOR and solely to the extent that LIBOR has not been replaced with a Benchmark Replacement, the period (i) beginning at the time that such Benchmark Replacement Date has occurred if, at such time, no Benchmark Replacement has replaced LIBOR for all purposes hereunder in accordance with the Section titled Effect of Benchmark Transition Event and (ii) ending at the time that a Benchmark Replacement has replaced LIBOR for all purposes hereunder pursuant to the Section titled Effect of Benchmark Transition Event. 
 (H) Early Opt-in Election means the occurrence of: 
 (1) (a) a determination by the Agent or (b) a notification by the Required Lenders to the Agent (with a copy to the Dealers) that the Required Lenders have determined that U.S. dollar-denominated syndicated credit facilities being executed at such time, or that include language similar to that contained in this Section titled Effect of Benchmark Transition Event, are being executed or amended, as applicable, to incorporate or adopt a new benchmark interest rate to replace LIBOR, and 
 (2) (a) the election by the Agent or (b) the election by the Required Lenders to declare that an Early Opt-in Election has occurred and the provision, as applicable, by the Agent of written notice (which may be via electronic means, including e-mail) of such election to the Dealers and the Lenders or by the Required Lenders of written notice (which may be via electronic means, including e-mail) of such election to the Agent. 
 (I) Federal Reserve Bank of New York s Website means the website of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York at http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor source. 
 (J) Relevant Governmental Body means the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or any successor thereto. 
 (K) SOFR with respect to any day means the secured overnight financing rate published for such day by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, as the administrator of the benchmark, (or a successor administrator) on the Federal Reserve Bank of New York s Website. 
 (L) Term SOFR means the forward-looking term rate based on SOFR that has been selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body. 
 (M) Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement means the Benchmark Replacement excluding the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
 (vi) On March 5, 2021, the ICE Benchmark Administration (the " IBA "), the administrator of the London interbank offered rate, and the Financial Conduct Authority, the regulatory supervisor of the IBA, announced in public statements (the " Announcements ") that the final publication or representativeness date for (i) 1-week and 2-month London interbank offered rate tenor settings will be December 31, 2021 and (ii) overnight, 1-month, 3-month, 6-month and 12-month London interbank offered rate tenor settings will be June 30, 2023. No successor administrator for the IBA was identified in such Announcements. The parties hereto agree and acknowledge that the Announcements resulted in the occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event with respect to the London interbank offered rate pursuant to the terms of this Agreement and that any obligation of the Administrative Agent to notify any parties of such Benchmark Transition Event pursuant to clause (c)(iii) of this Section 3 shall be deemed satisfied. 
 
 16 

4. Security Interest . 
 
 (a) Each Dealer hereby grants to Agent, as collateral agent for the Lenders, a security interest in all of the Collateral as security for all Obligations under this Agreement. 
 
 (b) Agent will not exercise sole dominion and control over any Deposit Account included in the Collateral except as contemplated by Section 13 of this Agreement after a Default. 
 
 5. Representations and Warranties . Each Dealer represents and warrants that at the time of execution of this Agreement and at the time of each Approval and each advance hereunder: 
 
 (a) such Dealer is in good standing in its jurisdiction of organization and is qualified to transact business in each other jurisdiction in which the nature of its business or property requires such qualification, unless failure to so qualify could not result, individually or in the aggregate, in a Material Adverse Effect; 
 
 (b) such Dealer does not conduct business under any trade styles or trade names except as disclosed by such Dealer to Agent in writing and except to the extent that such conduct could not result, individually or in the aggregate, in a Material Adverse Effect; 
 
 (c) such Dealer has all the necessary authority to enter into and perform this Agreement, and the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement will not violate (i) such Dealer s organizational documents, (ii) any agreement binding upon it, unless such violation could not result, individually or in the aggregate, in a Material Adverse Effect, or (iii) any law, rule, regulation, order or decree, unless such violation could not result, individually or in the aggregate, in a Material Adverse Effect; 
 
 (d) this Agreement and each other Loan Document to which any such Dealer is a party constitute the legal, valid and binding obligations of each such Dealer, enforceable against such Dealer in accordance with their respective terms, except as enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, or similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors rights generally or by equitable principles relating to enforceability; 
 
 (e) such Dealer keeps its records respecting accounts and chattel paper at its chief executive office identified below and keeps the Collateral only at locations permitted by Section 6(b)(xiii) of this Agreement; 
 
 (f) this Agreement correctly sets forth such Dealer s true legal name, the type of its organization, the jurisdiction in which such Dealer is incorporated or otherwise organized, and such Dealer s organizational identification number, if any, in each case, as of the date hereof; 
 
 (g) all information supplied by such Dealer to Agent or any Lender, including any Vehicle Certification, financial, credit or accounting statements or application for credit, in connection with this Agreement is true, correct and complete in all material respects; 
 
 (h) all advances and other transactions hereunder are for business purposes and not for personal, family, household or any other consumer purposes; 
 
 (i) such Dealer has good title to all Collateral in which it purports to have any interest; 
 
 (j) there are no actions or proceedings pending or threatened against Dealers which could reasonably be expected to result, individually or in the aggregate, in a Material Adverse Effect; and 
 
 (k) on the Closing Date, neither a Default nor an event which, with the giving of notice, the passage of time, or both, would result in a Default has occurred and is continuing, and, at the time of each Approval and each advance hereunder, a Default has not occurred and is not continuing. 
 
 6. Covenants . 
 
 (a) Permitted Liens . Until sold as permitted by this Agreement, each Dealer shall own all of its Collateral free and clear of all liens, security interests, claims and other encumbrances, whether arising by agreement or operation of law (collectively Liens ), other than: 
 
 (i) Liens in favor of Agent; 
 
 (ii) Other than as set forth in Section 6(a)(x) below, purchase money Liens on Dealers new inventory manufactured by V endors for which Agent does fund invoices directly on behalf of Dealers; 
 
 17 

(iii) Liens on Dealers new, used and pre-owned inventory manufactured by Vendors t for which Agent does fund invoices directly on behalf of Dealers; provided that such Liens are subject to subordination or intercreditor agreements in form and substance acceptable to Agent, in its sole discretion, whereby Agent subordinates its Liens in such inventory; 
 
 (iv) Liens for taxes, assessments or other governmental charges that are not due or payable or that are due or payable, but are being diligently contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings; provided that such contested taxes, assessments or other governmental charges do not exceed five hundred thousand dollars 500,000.00) in aggregate at any time; 
 
 (v) Liens of carriers, warehousemen, mechanics, materialmen and landlords incurred in the ordinary course of business for sums not yet due or payable; provided , however , that Liens of landlords are permitted only to the extent that such Liens are subordinate to the Liens in favor of Agent pursuant to an agreement in form and substance acceptable to Agent or if such subordination is not required pursuant to the terms of the Program Terms Letter; 
 
 (vi) Liens incurred in the ordinary course of business in connection with workers compensation, unemployment insurance or other forms of governmental insurance or benefits; 
 
 (vii) existing Liens identified in Exhibit A to this Agreement, but only to the extent securing the indebtedness identified in such Exhibit; provided that the amount of such indebtedness does not exceed the outstanding amounts thereof on the Closing Date; 
 
 (viii) Liens for capital leases and equipment financing in a combined aggregate amount not exceeding ten million dollars 10,000,000.00), but only to the extent encumbering the property leased under such capital leases or acquired with the proceeds of such equipment financing; 
 
 (ix) Liens on or with respect to cash collateral to secure (a) obligations to depository institutions with respect to deposit and treasury management services provided by such institutions to Dealers of up to one million dollars 1,000,000.00) in the aggregate, and (b) reimbursement obligations under letters of credit of up to three million five hundred thousand dollars 3,500,000.00) in the aggregate; provided that the amount of cash collateral securing the obligations described in clauses (a) and (b) of this Section 6(a)(ix) shall not exceed three million five hundred thousand dollars 3,500,000.00) in the aggregate at any time; and 
 
 (x) Liens in favor of Kawasaki if (a) the Post-Close Period is in effect, or (b) such Liens are subject to the Kawasaki Intercreditor, and in either case such Liens do not secure an aggregate amount financed by Kawasaki in excess of five hundred thousand dollars 500,000.00) at any time outstanding. 
 
 (b) Affirmative Covenants . Each Dealer will: 
 
 (i) keep all Collateral at Permitted Locations and keep all tangible Collateral in good order, repair and operating condition and insured as required herein; 
 
 (ii) promptly file all tax returns required by law and promptly pay all taxes, fees, and other governmental charges for which it is liable, including without limitation all governmental charges against the Collateral or this Agreement; 
 
 (iii) permit Agent and its designees, without notice, to inspect the Collateral (including, without limitation, each certificate of title or statement of origin issued for Collateral financed by Lenders) during normal business hours and at any other time Agent deems desirable (and such Dealer hereby grants Agent and its designees an irrevocable license to enter such Dealer s business locations during normal business hours without notice to such Dealer to account for and inspect all Collateral and to examine and copy such Dealer s books and records related to the Collateral); 
 
 (iv) keep complete and accurate records of its business, including inventory, accounts and sales; and permit Agent and its designees to inspect and copy such records upon request; 
 
 (v) furnish Agent and Lenders with such additional information regarding the Collateral and such Dealer s business and financial condition as Agent or any Lender may from time to time reasonably request (including without limitation financial statements and projections more frequently than set forth below) ), as well as any Know Your Customer documentation, including without limitation beneficial ownership certification as requested by Agent or Lenders (including upon addition of any new entity to this Agreement or other Loan Document); 
 18 

(vi) immediately notify Agent of any Material Adverse Effect or any reduction in the aggregate value of the Collateral of five hundred thousand dollars 500,000.00) or more; 
 
 (vii) execute (or cause any third party in possession of Collateral to execute) all documents Agent requests to perfect and maintain the security interest in the Collateral granted to Agent, on behalf of Lenders, hereunder; 
 
 (viii) upon Agent s request, at any time during the continuance of a Default, deliver to Agent immediately upon such request (and Agent may retain) each certificate of title or statement of origin issued for Collateral financed by any one or more Lenders; 
 
 (ix) at all times be duly organized, existing, in good standing, qualified and licensed to do business in each jurisdiction in which the nature of its business or property so requires; 
 
 (x) notify Agent of the commencement of any material legal proceedings against such Dealer; 
 
 (xi) comply with all laws, rules and regulations applicable to such Dealer, including without limitation, the USA PATRIOT Act, OFAC, and FCPA and all laws, rules and regulations relating to import or export controls or anti-money laundering; 
 
 (xii) conduct business only under such trade styles and trade names as such Dealer has disclosed to Agent in writing prior to such conduct; 
 
 (xiii) permit Eligible Inventory Collateral to be located at, or in-transit domestically to and from, only locations described in Exhibit B to this Agreement (as such Exhibit B may be updated from time to time with the approval of Agent) and at such other locations in the United States disclosed to Agent in writing at least fifteen (15) days prior to such Dealer s use of such location (but excluding the locations of any consigned inventory), unless Agent otherwise agrees to such location or consignment in writing (collectively, the Permitted Locations provided that such fifteen (15) day notice and Agent approval shall not be required for inventory (including consigned inventory not financed by Agent hereunder) with an aggregate invoice amount of less than five million dollars 5,000,000.00) located at other locations (including locations outside of the United States, but excluding boat shows) for up to thirty (30) days per unit and, provided , further , that such notice shall be reduced to one (1) day and Agent approval shall not be required for inventory (excluding consigned inventory) with an aggregate invoice amount of less than five million dollars 5,000,000.00) located at boat shows for up to thirty (30) days; 
 
 (xiv) provide to Agent or any Lender, when requested by Agent or such Lender, a copy of such Dealer s organizational documents, and will provide to Agent or any requesting Lender any subsequent amendments thereto bearing indicia of filing from the appropriate Governmental Authority, or such other documents verifying such Dealer s true and correct legal name as Agent may request from time to time; 
 
 (xv) permit (i) MarineMax Vacations, Ltd. to hold Eligible Inventory Collateral only with an aggregate invoice amount of not more than two million dollars 2,000,000.00); provided that such inventory shall at all times be used by MarineMax Vacations, Ltd. in connection with its charter business or businesses directly related thereto, and (ii) MarineMax KW, LLC to finance inventory with Kawasaki only subject to the provisions of Section 6(a)(x); provided, however, that MarineMax KW, LLC shall not finance any inventory with Kawasaki unless (a) the Post-Close Period is in effect, or (b) the Kawasaki Intercreditor shall be in effect; 
 
 (xvi) immediately notify Agent of any Dealer which has not already executed a Vehicle Certification that is (i) principally directed or managed from the State of California or (ii) organized or incorporated under the laws of the State of New York, has a principal place of business in the State of New York, or does business in the State of New York; and 
 
 (xvii) within fifteen (15) days following the Closing Date or such later date as Agent may approve in its sole discretion Post-Close Period ), cause Kawasaki to execute and deliver to Agent the Kawasaki Intercreditor. 
 
 (c) Financial Covenants . Dealers covenant and agree that, so long as any of the Obligations to Agent and any Lenders remain outstanding or this Agreement remains in effect, even if no Obligations to Agent or any Lenders are outstanding, Dealers and their subsidiaries, on a consolidated basis, shall: 
 19 

(i) maintain at all times a ratio of Debt to Tangible Net Worth of not more than 2.75 to 1.0 measured as of fiscal quarter end June 30, 2013 and each successive fiscal quarter end thereafter; and 
 
 (ii) maintain at all times a Current Ratio of not less than 1.2 to 1.0 as of fiscal quarter end June 30, 2013 and each successive fiscal quarter end thereafter. 
 
 (d) Negative Covenants . No Dealer will, without Agent s prior written consent: 
 
 (i) use (except for demonstration purposes), rent, lease, sell, transfer, consign (except consigned inventory located at Permitted Locations), license, encumber or otherwise dispose of any Collateral except for sales of inventory at retail in the ordinary course of such Dealer s business and except for (A) Collateral with an aggregate value not exceeding five hundred thousand dollars 500,000.00) in any one calendar year and (B) transfers of inventory to other dealers of such inventory to the extent consented to by Agent in writing in its Permitted Discretion; 
 
 (ii) sell or otherwise transfer inventory to a Dealer Affiliate, except in accordance with Section 6(e) of this Agreement; 
 
 (iii) engage in any other material transaction not in the ordinary course of such Dealer s business with respect to the Collateral or which would result, individually or in the aggregate, in a Material Adverse Effect; 
 
 (iv) change the nature of its business in any material manner or its legal structure or be a party to a merger or consolidation (other than a merger or consolidation of a Dealer with or into another Dealer), divide itself pursuant to Section 18-217 of the Delaware Limited Liability Company Act or any similar law or statute or change its type of organization, its jurisdiction of incorporation or organization, or its organizational identification number, if any, or acquire any Person (an Acquired Person or a substantial portion of the assets of any Person Acquired Assets ), except that Dealers may acquire an Acquired Person or Acquired Assets (Y) if each of the following conditions are met, without Agent s prior written consent or (Z) if each of the following conditions are not met, with Agent s prior written consent (which consent will not be unreasonably withheld if required solely because of a failure to satisfy clause (F) below): 
 (A) Dealers provide Agent with thirty (30) days prior written notice of such acquisition, accompanied by a certificate of Dealers chief financial officer that such acquisition complies with the conditions of this Section 6(d)(iv) (including without limitation a certification of the total acquisition cost of all Acquired Persons and Acquired Assets in the applicable rolling twelve-month period as set forth in clause (F), below, and the sum of Dealer s unrestricted cash plus Availability as set forth in clause (G), below, and copies of pro forma financial statements and projections giving effect to such acquisition, 
 (B) immediately after any such acquisition of an Acquired Person, such Acquired Person becomes a party to this Agreement as a Dealer or a Guarantor of the Obligations, as determined by Agent in Agent s Permitted Discretion, by executing and delivering to Agent such documents and agreements as Agent may reasonably require, at Dealers cost and expense, 
 (C) immediately after any such acquisition of Acquired Assets, Agent shall continue to have, on behalf of Lenders a first-priority perfected security interest in such Acquired Assets that constitute Collateral (as defined herein) and the other Collateral, 
 (D) at the time of such acquisition and after giving effect thereto, neither a Default nor an event which, with the giving of notice, the passage of time, or both, would result in a Default, shall have occurred and be continuing, 
 (E) before and after giving effect to such acquisition, as illustrated by the pro forma financial statements and projections provided to Agent pursuant to clause (A) above, Dealers shall be in compliance with the financial covenants set forth in Section 6(c) as of the most recently ended fiscal quarter and the next four fiscal quarters ending after such acquisition, 
 (F) the total acquisition cost of such Acquired Person or Acquired Assets (including, without limitation, acquired inventory) shall not exceed fifty million dollars 50,000,000.00) in the aggregate in any rolling twelve-month period for all such Acquired Persons and Acquired Assets, collectively, and 
 (G) at the time of such acquisition, the sum of Dealers unrestricted cash, plus Availability shall be at least ten million dollars 10,000,000.00); provided , however , that notwithstanding anything in this Section to the contrary, MarineMax Vacations, Ltd. shall not be required to become a party to this Agreement as a Dealer; 
 
 20 

(v) change its name or conduct business under a trade style or trade name other than those disclosed by such Dealer to Agent in writing without giving Agent at least thirty (30) days prior written notice thereof; 
 
 (vi) change its chief executive office or office where it keeps its records with respect to accounts or chattel paper; 
 
 (vii) change the state in which it is incorporated or otherwise organized (except upon thirty (30) days prior written notice to Agent); 
 
 (viii) finance on a secured basis with any Vendor or any third party the acquisition of inventory of the same brand as any new inventory financed or to be financed by Agent; 
 
 (ix) store Collateral financed by Lenders with any third party except for Collateral at Permitted Locations; 
 
 (x) incur additional Funded Debt, other than (A) Funded Debt under the KCS Vendor Agreement and MM Vendor Guaranty, and (B) other Funded Debt in an amount not to exceed one hundred thirty million dollars 130,000,000.00) at any time outstanding, so long as prior to and immediately after giving effect to the incurrence of such Funded Debt under this Section (6)(d)(x)(B) , (1) Dealers shall be in compliance with the financial covenants contained in Section 6(c) of this Agreement on a pro forma basis and (2) no Default shall exist or would result therefrom; 
 
 (xi) pay cash dividends or make other cash distributions with respect to or repurchase Stock of Dealers, other than such distributions and repurchases in an aggregate amount not to exceed fifty million dollars 50,000,000.00) in the aggregate in any calendar year, so long as prior to and immediately after giving effect to any such distributions, (A) the sum of Dealers unrestricted cash plus Availability shall be at least twenty five million dollars 25,000,000.00), and (B) no Default shall exist or would result therefrom; 
 
 (xii) make or cause to be made any Investment in any direct or indirect subsidiary of such Dealer unless such subsidiary is another Dealer who is a signatory to this Agreement; provided, however, that Dealers may make Investments in such subsidiaries that are not Dealers so long as (i) all such Investments do not exceed fifteen million dollars 15,000,000.00) at any one time, and (ii) before making and after giving effect to any such Investment, there shall not exist or be continuing any Default or event which with the giving of notice, the passage of time, or both, would constitute a Default; or 
 
 (xiii) (A) cause or permit KCS RE to own or hold any assets other than the real estate owned by KCS RE as of the date hereof or (B) cause or permit Wave Aviation to own or hold any assets other than ownership of all or an interest in a jet or other aircraft and assets directly related thereto. 
 
 (e) Notwithstanding the provisions of Section 6(d)(ii) of this Agreement, a Dealer may sell or otherwise transfer inventory to another Dealer who is a signatory to this Agreement. The parties agree that any such inventory that is sold or otherwise transferred at any time by one Dealer to another shall be and remain Collateral and shall continue to secure the Obligations. 
 
 (f) Each Dealer, within sixty (60) days of the end of each calendar year, will provide a list of all locations where Collateral is or may be kept, including information as to whether the property is owned or leased, any Liens or other encumbrances on such property, and if leased, the name of the lessor, the lease term, and any other information Agent shall request. If any Collateral location is subject to a mortgage, deed of trust, or other Lien in favor of any Person other than Agent, except any Lien permitted by Section 6(a) of this Agreement, Dealers agree to promptly obtain an agreement from such Person, waiving such Person s Lien on the Collateral and providing Agent reasonable access thereto, in form and substance acceptable to Agent and duly executed and delivered by such Person. 
 
 7. Insurance . 
 
 (a) All risk of loss, damage to or destruction of Collateral shall at all times be on Dealers. Each Dealer shall keep all of its tangible Collateral insured for full value against all insurable risks, under policies delivered to Agent, on terms and with insurers reasonably acceptable to Agent, with loss payable to Agent on behalf of Lenders (with respect to any claim in excess of two hundred fifty thousand dollars 250,000.00) per occurrence), assignee or additional insured, as appropriate. Such insurance shall be subject to cancellation or change only (i) upon ten (10) days written notice to Agent for non-payment of premium or (ii) upon thirty (30) days written notice to Agent for all other reasons, and shall provide that Agent s interests will not be impaired by any failure of Dealers to comply with the terms of such insurance or by any exercise of remedies by Agent with respect to the property insured. With respect to any claim during the continuance of any Default, Agent is authorized, but not required, to act as attorney in fact for each Dealer in adjusting and settling any insurance claims under any such policy and in endorsing any checks or drafts drawn by insurers. To facilitate the exercise of such rights by Agent, each Dealer has executed and delivered to Agent a Power of Attorney, which Agent agrees not to exercise any rights under unless a Default has occurred and is continuing. In addition, at any time (before and after the occurrence of any Default), (A) each Dealer shall promptly remit to Agent in the form received, with all necessary endorsements, all proceeds of such insurance which such Dealer may receive, and (B) Agent, at its election, shall either apply any proceeds of insurance it may receive toward payment of the Obligations or pay such proceeds to such Dealer or any other Dealer. 
 21 

(b) Except as otherwise required by Section 7(a) of this Agreement, Dealers shall (i) keep their insurable property adequately insured at all times by financially sound and reputable insurers to such extent and against such risks, including fire and other risks insured against by extended coverage, as is customary with companies similarly situated and in the same or similar businesses, (ii) maintain in full force and effect public liability and workers compensation insurance, in amounts customary for such similar companies to cover normal risks, by insurers reasonably satisfactory to Agent, and (iii) maintain such other insurance as may be required by law or reasonably requested by Agent. Dealers shall deliver evidence of renewal of each insurance policy on or before the date of its expiration, and from time to time shall deliver to Agent, on or before the date hereof, and thereafter upon demand, evidence of the maintenance of such insurance. Dealers shall deliver promptly to Agent copies of all reports provided to insurers by any Dealer. 
 
 (c) The following notice is given pursuant to Section 180/10 of the Collateral Protection Act set forth in Chapter 815 Section 180/1 of the Illinois Compiled Statutes; nothing contained in such notice shall be deemed to limit or modify the terms of this Agreement: Unless EACH Dealer provides evidence of THE insurance coverage required by SUCH DEALER S Agreement WITH Agent and lenders, Agent may purchase insurance at such DEALER S expense to protect Agent s and lenders interest in SUCH Dealer s collateral. This insurance may, but need not, protect SUCH Dealer s interest. The coverage that Agent purchases may not pay any claim that SUCH Dealer makes or any claim that is made against SUCH Dealer in connection with the collateral. SUCH Dealer may later cancel any insurance purchased by Agent, but only after providing Agent evidence that SUCH Dealer has obtained insurance as required under this Agreement. If Agent purchases insurance for ANY collateral, DealerS will be responsible for the costs of that insurance, including the insurance premium, interest and any other chaRges Agent may impose in connection with the placement of the insurance, until the effective date of the cancellation or expiration of the insurance. The costs of the insurance may be added to DEALERs total outstanding balance or obligation. The costs of the insurance may be more than the cost of insurance A Dealer may be able to obtain on its own. 
 
 8. Financial Statements and Certificates . Unless waived by Agent, Dealers will deliver to Agent, in a form reasonably satisfactory to Agent: 
 
 (a) Dealers and their subsidiaries audited year-end balance sheet and audited annual profit and loss statement for each fiscal year after the date hereof, prepared on a consolidated basis, within twenty (20) days after the same are prepared but in no event later than one hundred and twenty (120) days after the end of each fiscal year, accompanied by an unqualified opinion of independent certified public accountants acceptable to Agent; 
 
 (b) within sixty (60) days after the end of each of such Dealers fiscal quarters, a reasonably detailed balance sheet and income statement as of the last day of such quarter covering Dealers and their subsidiaries operations on a consolidated basis for such quarter; 
 
 (c) within thirty (30) days after the end of Dealers fiscal months, a reasonably detailed balance sheet and income statement as of the last day of such month covering Dealers and their subsidiaries operations for such month, on a consolidated basis; 
 
 (d) within thirty (30) days after Dealers year-end, Dealers and their subsidiaries financial projections for the next fiscal year on a consolidated basis; 
 
 (e) concurrently with the delivery of the financial statements required to be delivered under clauses (a) and (b), above, a compliance certificate in the form attached hereto as Exhibit C , executed by an officer of Dealers, 
 
 (f) by the 10 th day of each month (or the first Business Day following the 10 th day of each month if the 10 th day is not a Business Day), or more frequently as requested by Agent, a completed Borrowing Base Certificate; 
 
 (g) by the 10 th day of each month (or the first Business Day following the 10 th day of each month if the 10 th day is not a Business Day), (i) a schedule of Accounts in form and manner reasonably acceptable to Agent (which shall include current addresses and telephone numbers of account debtors and a detailed aging of the Accounts for such period); (ii) a 
 22 

monthly inventory report in the form attached in form and manner reasonably acceptable to Agent , together with supporting documentation requested by Agent ; and (iii) a schedule of Parts in form and manner reasonably acceptable to Agent, together with supporting documentation requested by Agent, in each case based on the balances as of the last day of the immediately preceding month. 
 
 (h) within ten (10) days after Agent s reasonable request, any other information relating to the Collateral or the financial condition of any Dealer or Dealers or their subsidiaries; 
 
 (i) concurrently with the delivery of the financial statements required to be delivered under clauses (a) and (b), above, a trigger compliance certificate in the form attached hereto as Exhibit F (the Trigger Compliance Certificate ), setting forth a calculation of Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio and TTM EBITDA, executed by an officer of Dealers; 
 
 (j) concurrently with the delivery of financial projections required to be delivered under clause (d) above, a schedule of all of Dealers trademarks, patents, applications for trademarks or patents, or any other filing made by or on behalf of Dealers in the United States Patent and Trademark Office within the fiscal year just ending. 
 
 Each Dealer represents that all financial statements and information which have been or may hereafter be delivered by Dealers are and will be true and correct in all material respects and, with respect to all quarterly and annual financial statements, prepared in accordance with GAAP consistently applied in all material respects, and there has been no material adverse change in the financial or business condition of Dealers, taken as a whole, since the submission to Agent of such financial statements, and Dealers acknowledge Agent s reliance thereon. 
 
 9. Payment Terms . Each Dealer will pay Agent for the benefit of Lenders, the principal amount of the Obligations owed by such Dealer on each item of Collateral financed by Lenders upon the occurrence of any of the following events, subject to the Program Terms Letter: (a) when such Collateral is lost, stolen or materially damaged and such loss or damage is the subject of an insurance claim payable to Agent as loss payee for the benefit of Lenders, (i) a portion of the principal amount of the Obligations with respect to such Collateral equal to such principal amount, minus the insurance claim amount (net of any applicable deductible) immediately after such loss or damage or after the determination of the claim amount or the deductible amount, as applicable, and (ii) the remaining principal amount of the Obligations with respect to such Collateral immediately upon the earlier of (A) receipt of any proceeds of such insurance (including, without limitation, receipt of any proceeds made payable to such Dealer and Agent jointly) or rejection or denial of such claim and (B) thirty (30) days (or such later date as Agent may agree in writing) after such loss or damage; (b) when such Collateral is lost, stolen or materially damaged and such loss or damage is not the subject of an insurance claim payable to Agent as loss payee for the benefit of Lenders, immediately after such loss or damage; and (c) when otherwise required under the terms of this Agreement. In addition, each Dealer will pay Agent the required principal amount of the Obligations owed Lenders on each item of Collateral financed by Lenders in strict accordance with any repayment provisions for such Collateral as described in the Program Terms Letter and the applicable Advance Rate will be reduced in strict accordance with any curtailment schedule or other curtailment. The initial payment terms, curtailment terms and advance rates with respect to Dealers financing program hereunder are set forth in the Program Terms Letter. Subsequent financing program terms, or changes to Dealers then current financing program terms, may be set forth in an amended Program Terms Letter executed by the parties thereto. If a Dealer is required to make immediate payment to Agent of any past due obligation discovered during any Collateral review, or at any other time, Agent s acceptance of such payment shall not be construed to have waived or amended the terms of its financing program. Each Dealer will send all payments to Agent as directed. Agent may apply: (1) payments to reduce finance charges first and then principal, regardless of a Dealer s instructions; and (2) principal payments to the oldest (earliest) I nvoice for Collateral financed by Lenders, but, in any event, all principal payments, may, in Agent s sole discretion, first be applied to such Collateral which is sold, lost, stolen, damaged, rented, leased, or otherwise disposed of or unaccounted for. Any Vendor Credit granted to any Dealer for any Collateral will not reduce the Obligations Dealers owe Lenders until Agent has received payment therefor in cash. Each Dealer will: (A) pay Agent even if any Collateral is defective or fails to conform to any warranties extended by any third party; and (B) indemnify and hold Agent and each Lender harmless against all claims and defenses asserted by any buyer of any Collateral. Each payment under the Loan Documents shall be paid in U.S. dollars and without setoff, recoupment, counterclaim or deduction of any kind. Each Dealer waives all rights of setoff such Dealer may have against Agent or any Lender. Any payment hereunder which would otherwise be due on a day which is not a Business Day, shall be due on the next succeeding Business Day, with such extension of time included in any calculation of applicable finance charges. In addition to the other provisions of this Agreement, in order to adequately secure Dealers Obligations to Agent and Lenders, Dealers shall, at Agent s request, immediately pay Agent the amount necessary to reduce the sum of outstanding advances hereunder to an amount which does not exceed the amount available to be borrowed pursuant to the provisions of the Program Terms Letter. 
 
 10. Calculation of Charges . 
 
 (a) Dealers shall pay fees, charges and interest (collectively, Charges with respect to each advance in accordance with this Agreement and pursuant to the terms of the Program Terms Letter. Dealers shall pay Agent its customary Charges for any check or other item which is returned unpaid to Agent. Unless otherwise provided in this Agreement, the following additional provisions shall be applicable to Charges: (i) all Charges shall be paid by Dealers monthly pursuant to 
 23 

the terms of the billing statement in which such Charges appear; (ii) interest on each advance and principal amount of the Obligations related thereto shall be computed each calendar month on the sum of the daily balances thereof during such month divided by thirty (30) and (A) in the case where a monthly rate of interest is provided for, multiplied by the monthly rate provided for in this Agreement; or (B) in the case where an annual rate of interest is provided for, multiplied by one-twelfth of the annual rate provided for in this Agreement; or (C) in the case where a daily rate of interest is provided for, multiplied by such daily rate and multiplied by thirty (30); (i ii interest on an advance shall begin to accrue on the Start Date which shall be defined as the earlier of: (A) the invoice date referred to in the Vendor s Invoice; or (B) the date any one or more Lenders make such advance; provided , however , if a Vendor fails to fully pay, by honoring or paying any Lender Credit or otherwise, the interest or other cost of financing such inventory during the period between the Start Date and the end of the Free Floor Period, then Dealers shall pay such interest to Agent on behalf of Lenders on demand as if there were no Free Floor Period with respect to such inventory; i v) for the purpose of computing Charges, any payment will be credited pursuant to Agent s payment recognition policy, as in effect from time to time; and (v) advances or any part thereof not paid when due (and Charges not paid when due, at the option of Agent, shall become part of the principal amount of the Obligations and) shall bear interest at the Default Rate. 
 
 (b) Agent and Lenders intend to strictly conform to the usury laws governing this Agreement. Regardless of any provision contained herein, in any Transaction Statement, or in any other document, neither Agent nor any Lender shall ever be deemed to have contracted for, charged or be entitled to receive, collect or apply as interest, any amount in excess of the maximum amount allowed by applicable law. If Agent or any Lender ever receives any amount which, if considered to be interest, would exceed the maximum amount permitted by law, Agent or such Lender will apply such excess amount to the reduction of the unpaid principal balance which any Dealer owes, and then will pay any remaining excess to such Dealer. In determining whether the interest paid or payable exceeds the highest lawful rate, Dealers, Agent and each Lender shall, to the maximum extent permitted under applicable law, (i) characterize any non-principal payment (other than payments which are expressly designated as interest payments hereunder) as an expense or fee rather than as interest, (ii) exclude voluntary pre-payments and the effect thereof, and (iii) spread the total amount of interest throughout the entire term of this Agreement so that the interest rate is uniform throughout such term. Agent will recognize and credit payments made by check, ACH, federal wire, or other acceptable means, according to its payment recognition policies from time to time in effect, or as otherwise agreed. Information regarding Agent payment recognition policies is available from Dealers CDF representative or the Agent website, or will be communicated by Agent to Dealers by mail, courier or electronically in a separate writing or website posting, or set forth in a Transaction Statement and/or a monthly billing statement. 
 
 11. Billing Statement/Fees; Right to Modify Charges and Other Terms . 
 
 (a) Agent will transmit or otherwise send to each Dealer a monthly billing statement identifying all charges due on such Dealer s account pursuant to this Agreement. The charges specified on each billing statement will be (1) due and payable no later than the fifteenth (15 th day of the month in which such billing statement is transmitted to or received by Dealer, and (2) an account stated, unless Agent receives a Dealer s written objection thereto within fifteen (15) days after it is transmitted or otherwise sent to Dealers. If Agent does not receive, by the 25 th day of any given month, payment of all charges accrued to a Dealer s account with any one or more Lenders during the immediately preceding month, Dealers will (to the extent allowed by law and if requested by Agent) pay Agent a late fee equal to the greater of five dollars 5.00) or five percent (5 of the amount of such charges (payment of such fee does not waive the default caused by the late payment). Agent may adjust the billing statement at any time to conform to applicable law and this Agreement. 
 
 (b) Agent may charge one or more fees in connection with the servicing and administration of a Dealer s account, for its own account as set forth herein and in the Program Terms Letter (and for the avoidance of doubt, Lenders other than CDF, in its capacity as Agent, shall have no interest in any such fees). 
 
 12. Default . The occurrence of one or more of the following events shall constitute a default by Dealers (a Default ): 
 
 (a) a Dealer shall either (1) fail to pay any principal amount of Obligations owed to Agent when due (without any grace period) or (2) fail to pay any interest or other Obligations owed to Agent within fifteen (15) days after the due date therefore; 
 
 (b) any representation made to Agent or any Lender by or on behalf of Dealers shall not be true when made; 
 
 (c) if a Dealer shall breach any covenant (other than any covenant contained in Section 6(c) of this Agreement), warranty or agreement in this Agreement or in any other Loan Document to or with Agent and/or any Lender and such breach shall not be cured within thirty (30) days after the earlier of (i) knowledge thereof by an officer of any Dealer and (ii) written notice of such breach is delivered by Agent to any Dealer; provided that, if such breach is subject to cure and Dealers are diligently pursuing cure by appropriate means at the end of such thirty (30) days, then Dealers shall have an additional thirty (30) days thereafter to complete the cure of such breach; 
 
 (d) Dealers shall breach any covenant contained in Section 6(c) of this Agreement; 
 
 24 

(e) a Dealer (including, if a Dealer is a partnership or limited liability company, any partner or member of a Dealer) shall become insolvent or generally fail to pay its debts as they become due or, if a business, shall cease to do business as a going concern other than mergers or consolidations permitted by Section 6(d)(iv) of this Agreement; 
 
 (f) any letter of credit provided by a Dealer to Agent with respect to any Obligations or Collateral shall terminate or not be renewed at least sixty (60) days prior to its stated expiration or maturity; 
 
 (g) a Dealer abandons any Collateral with an aggregate value exceeding five hundred thousand dollars 500,000.00) in any twelve (12) month period; 
 
 (h) a Dealer shall make an assignment for the benefit of creditors, or commence a proceeding with respect to itself under any bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement, insolvency, receivership, dissolution or liquidation statute or similar law of any jurisdiction, or any such proceeding shall be commenced against it or any of its property and such proceeding commenced against it or any of its property shall not be dismissed or otherwise discharged within sixty (60) days thereafter (an Automatic Default 
 
 (i) an attachment, sale or seizure shall be issued or shall be executed against assets of any Dealer with a value exceeding five hundred thousand dollars 500,000.00) in the aggregate in any twelve (12) month period; 
 
 (j) a Dealer shall file or authorize the filing of any correction or termination statement with respect to any UCC financing statement or other filing made by Agent in connection herewith; 
 
 (k) any third party shall file any correction or termination statement with respect to any UCC filing made by Agent in connection herewith and Dealers shall fail to perfect Agent s security interest in the Collateral and re-establish the first-priority thereof within thirty (30) days after the filing of such correction or termination statement; 
 
 (l) a material adverse change shall occur in the business, operations or financial condition of Dealers, taken as a whole; 
 
 (m) (i) a Dealer fails to make any payment in excess of [ ] when due with respect to any Debt owed to any third party (including Lender Affiliates) of [ ] or more in the aggregate and such failure shall continue after any applicable notice, grace or cure period therefor; or (ii) a default shall occur, or a Dealer shall give or receive notice of default, with respect to any Debt owed to any third party (including Lender Affiliates) of [ ] or more in the aggregate and such default shall entitle such third party to declare such Debt due and payable prior to its stated maturity or to exercise any other right or remedy or take any adverse action with respect thereto; or (iii) a default shall occur, or a Dealer shall give or receive notice of default, with respect to any Debt owed to any third party (including Lender Affiliates) of [ ] or more in the aggregate and such third party shall have declared such Debt due and payable prior to its stated maturity or exercised any other right or remedy or taken any adverse action with respect thereto; 
 
 (n) any final judgment against any Dealer for the payment of [ ] or more in excess of insurance, and such judgment shall remain unstayed and unpaid for over thirty (30) days; 
 
 (o) any events shall occur which, but for the dollar thresholds set forth in this Section 12 , would constitute Defaults hereunder and, in the aggregate, such events relate to asset values, Collateral values, or payments in excess of [ ] in any twelve (12) month period. 
 
 (p) any material provision of any Loan Document, at any time after its execution and delivery, for any reason other than as expressly permitted hereunder or thereunder, ceases to be in full force and effect, or any party hereto or any Guarantor contests in any manner the validity or enforceability of any provision of any Loan Document; 
 
 (q) any ERISA Event occurs with respect to a pension plan or multi-employer plan which has resulted or could reasonably be expected to result in liability of any Dealer under Title IV of ERISA or other applicable law to any pension plan, employee benefit plan or multi-employer plan, the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation or any other Person in an aggregate amount equal to or in excess of five million dollars 5,000,000.00) in any calendar year, or any Dealer or any ERISA Affiliate fails to pay when due, after the expiration of any applicable grace period, any installment payment with respect to its withdrawal liability under Section 4201 of ERISA or other applicable law under a multi-employer plan in an aggregate amount equal to or in excess of five million dollars 5,000,000.00); or 
 
 (r) a Dealer defaults under the terms of any other agreement with any Lender or Lender Affiliate (and such Lender or Lender Affiliate notifies Dealer Representative of same in writing), including, without limitation, the KCS Vendor Agreement, which default is not cured or waived within the applicable grace period, if any. 
 
 13. Rights and Remedies Upon Default . 
 
 25 

(a) Upon the occurrence of a Default, Agent, acting on behalf of Lenders pursuant to Section 21(a) , shall have all rights and remedies of a secured party under the UCC as in effect in any applicable jurisdiction and other applicable law and all the rights and remedies set forth in this Agreement. Upon the occurrence of a Default, Agent may, and at the direction of the Required Lenders shall: 
 
 (i) terminate any obligations Agent or any Lender has under this Agreement and any outstanding Approvals immediately and/or declare any and all Obligations immediately due and payable without notice or demand; 
 
 (ii) exercise control over any Deposit Accounts (as defined in Article 9 of the Illinois Uniform Commercial Code) included in the Collateral and apply any balances on deposit therein to the Obligations in such order and amount as Agent may elect; 
 
 (iii) enter any premises of any one or more of Dealers, with or without process of law, without force, to search for, take possession of, and remove the Collateral, or any part thereof; 
 
 (iv) take possession of the Collateral or any part thereof on any one or more of Dealers premises and cause it to remain there at Dealers expense, pending sale or other disposition; 
 
 (v) apply the Default Rate, without regard to whether Agent has accelerated any Obligations, and without notice to Dealers. 
 
 Each Dealer waives notice of intent to accelerate, and of acceleration of any Obligations. If Agent requests, each Dealer shall cease disposition of and shall assemble the Collateral and make it available to Agent, at Dealers expense, at a convenient place or places designated by Agent. Each Dealer agrees that the sale of inventory by Agent to a Person who is liable to Agent under a guaranty, endorsement, repurchase agreement or the like shall not be deemed to be a transfer subject to UCC 9-618 or any similar provision of any other applicable law, and each Dealer waives any provision of such laws to that effect. Each Dealer agrees that the repurchase of inventory by a Vendor pursuant to a repurchase agreement with Agent shall be a commercially reasonable method of disposition. Dealers shall be jointly and severally liable to Agent for any deficiency resulting from Agent s disposition of any Collateral, including without limitation a repurchase by a Vendor, regardless of any subsequent disposition thereof. No Dealer is a beneficiary of, nor has any right to require Agent to enforce, any repurchase agreement. Any notice of a disposition shall be deemed reasonably and properly given if given to a Dealer at least ten (10) days before such disposition. If a Dealer fails to perform any of its obligations under this Agreement, Agent may perform the same in any form or manner Agent in its reasonable discretion deems necessary or desirable, and all monies paid by Agent in connection therewith shall be additional Obligations and shall be immediately due and payable without notice together with interest payable on demand at the Default Rate. All of Agent s rights and remedies shall be cumulative. At Agent s request, or without request in the event of an Automatic Default, each Dealer shall pay all Vendor Credits to Agent as soon as the same are received for application to the Obligations. Each Dealer authorizes Agent to collect such amounts directly from Vendors and, upon request of Agent, shall instruct Vendors to pay Agent directly. Each Dealer irrevocably waives any requirement that Agent retain possession and not dispose of any Collateral until after an arbitration hearing, arbitration award, confirmation, trial or final judgment or appeal thereof. During the continuation of a Default, Agent s election to make or not make a Loan to a Dealer is solely at Agent s discretion. 
 
 (b) All Collections received by Agent after acceleration, a Default (including, without limitation, a Payment Default or a Specified Default) or demand for payment of all of the Obligations, in connection with any workout of the Obligations including any forbearance arrangement, or after the initiation by or against any Dealer of a bankruptcy or other insolvency proceeding or other proceedings for collection of the Obligations, whether received pursuant to such demand or as a result of legal proceedings against any Dealer or through payment by or action against any other Person in any way liable for the Obligations, shall be applied, so far as the same will reach, in the following order: 
 
 (i) First, to the costs and expenses, including attorneys fees, incurred solely by Agent in effecting such recovery, in enforcing any right or remedy under the Loan Documents, or in any way related to the Loans, the Outstandings, the Loan Documents, this Agreement, the Future Advances, Approvals or Collections; 
 
 (ii) Second, to accrued interest, ratably in accordance with each Lender s respective Ratable Share of such interest being calculated at the interests rates set forth in Section 2(a)(vi) hereof; and 
 
 (iii) Third, to unpaid principal, ratably in accordance with each Lender s Ratable Share, subject to such Lender s obligation to fund Loans made by Agent based upon financed Invoices related to Approvals. 
 
 14. Power of Attorney . Each Dealer authorizes Agent to: (a) file financing statements describing Agent as Secured Party, such Dealer as Debtor and indicating the Collateral (including, without limitation, the indication of the Collateral as all assets (b) authenticate, execute or endorse on behalf of such Dealer any instruments, chattel paper, 
 26 

certificates of title, manufacturer statements of origin, builder s certificate, financing statements and amendments thereto, or other notices or records comprising or related to Collateral or evidencing financing under the Agreement or evidencing or maintaining the perfection of the security interest granted hereby, as attorney in fact for such Dealer; and (c) supply any omitted information and correct errors in any documents between Agent, such Dealer and, if applicable, Lenders. This power of attorney and the other powers of attorney granted herein are irrevocable and coupled with an interest. 
 
 15. Collection and Other Costs . Dealers shall pay to Agent, on behalf of itself and the other Lenders, on demand all reasonable attorneys fees and legal expenses and other costs and expenses incurred by Agent in connection with establishing, perfecting, maintaining perfection of, protecting and enforcing its Lien on the Collateral and collecting any Obligations, or in connection with the negotiation and execution of this Agreement and any modification thereof, any Default or in connection with any action or proceeding under any bankruptcy or insolvency laws or incurred pursuant to an arbitration proceeding involving a Dealer or any Collateral. All fees, expenses, costs and other amounts described in this Section 15 shall constitute Obligations, shall be secured by the Collateral and interest shall accrue thereon at the Default Rate. 
 
 16. Information . Each Dealer irrevocably authorizes Agent and each Lender to investigate and make inquiries in a commercially reasonable manner of former, current, or future creditors or other persons and credit bureaus regarding or relating to Dealers (including, to the extent permitted by law, any equity holders of any Dealer, unless the equity of such Dealer is publicly-traded on a recognized exchange). Information requested to be provided by Dealer shall be requested through Agent and provided to Agent for distribution to Lenders. Agent and each Lender may provide to any Lender Affiliate or any third parties any financial, credit or other information regarding Dealers that Agent or such Lender may at any time possess, whether such information was supplied by Dealers or otherwise obtained by such Agent or Lender, and such information shall be provided on a confidential basis to the extent it is otherwise confidential. Further, each Dealer irrevocably authorizes and instructs any third parties (including without limitation, any Vendors or customers of Dealers) to provide to Agent any credit, financial or other information regarding Dealers that such third parties may at any time possess, whether such information was supplied by any Dealer to such third parties or otherwise obtained by such third parties. 
 
 17. Amendments and Waivers . 
 
 (a) Except as specifically set forth herein (including without limitation in Sections 2(a)(x) and 2(c) of this Agreement), no amendment or waiver of any provision of this Agreement or the Program Terms Letter, and no consent with respect to any departure by any Dealer therefrom, shall be effective unless the same shall be in writing and signed by Agent, Required Lenders (or by Agent with the consent of Required Lenders), and the Dealers, and then such waiver shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the specific purpose for which given; provided, however, that no such waiver, amendment, or consent shall, unless in writing and signed by all the Lenders directly affected thereby (or by Agent with the consent of all the Lenders directly affected thereby), in addition to Agent and Required Lenders (or by Agent with the consent of Required Lenders) and the Dealers, do any of the following: 
 
 (i) increase or extend the Allocation of any Lender to make a Loan or otherwise finance any Collateral; 
 (ii) postpone or delay any date fixed for, or reduce or waive, any scheduled installment of principal or any payment of interest, fees or other amounts (other than principal) due to any one or more Lenders hereunder or under any Transaction Statement, or extend the term of this Agreement as set forth in Section 19 below; 
 (iii) reduce the principal of, or the rate of interest specified herein or the amount of interest payable in cash specified herein or in any Transaction Statement, or of any fees or other amounts payable hereunder or under any Transaction Statement; 
 (iv) change the definition of Required Lenders; 
 (v) amend any provision providing for consent or other action by all Lenders; 
 (vi) discharge any Dealer from its respective payment Obligations, or release all or substantially all of the Collateral, except as otherwise may be provided in this Agreement; or 
 (vii) change the definition of Eligible Accounts or Eligible Parts if as a result thereof the amount of the Loans permitted to be outstanding would be increased; 
 it being agreed that all Lenders shall be deemed to be directly affected by an amendment or waiver of the type described in the preceding clauses (iv), (v), (vi) and (vii) . 
 
 27 

(b) If Agent desires to take any action described in this Section 17 requiring one or all Lender s consent, Agent will furnish Lender with a written notice specifying the action to be taken. If Lender declines to give its consent to any such action, it must notify Agent in writing of such fact within ten (10) Business Days thereafter. If Lender fails to give such notice within such ten (10) Business Day period, its consent to such action shall be deemed to have been not given. 
 
 (c) No amendment, waiver or consent shall, unless in writing and signed by Agent, affect the rights or duties of Agent under this Agreement or any Transaction Statement. 
 
 (d) Notwithstanding the foregoing, Agent, with the consent of the Dealers, may amend, modify or supplement any Loan Document without the consent of any Lender or the Required Lenders in order to correct, amend or cure any inconsistency or defect or correct any typographical error or other manifest error in any Loan Document, and such amendment, modification or supplement shall become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to any Loan Document if the same is not objected to in writing by the Required Lenders within five Business Days following receipt of notice thereof. Furthermore, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, with the consent of Agent at the request of the Dealers (without the need to obtain any consent of any Lender), any Loan Document may be amended to add terms that are favorable to the Lenders (as reasonably determined by Agent). 
 
 18. Dealers Claims Against Vendors . No Dealer will assert against Agent or any Lender any claim or defense such Dealer may have against any Vendor whether for breach of contract, warranty, misrepresentation, failure to ship, lack of authority, or otherwise, including without limitation claims or defenses based upon charge backs, credit memos, rebates, price protection payments or returns. Any such claims or defenses or other claims or defenses a Dealer may have against a Vendor shall not affect Dealers liabilities or obligations to Agent or Lenders. 
 
 19. Term and Termination . Unless sooner terminated as provided in this Agreement, the term of this Agreement shall commence on the date hereof and continue until June 30 , 2024 and, if Agent provides written notice to Dealers of Agent s intent to renew the current term at least 90 (ninety) days prior to the end of the then current term, at Agent s election, subject to Section 17(a)(ii) above, the term of this Agreement shall automatically renew for up to two successive one year periods thereafter. Upon termination of this Agreement, all Obligations shall become immediately due and payable without notice or demand. Upon any termination, Dealers shall remain fully and jointly and severally liable to each Lender for all Obligations owed to such Lender, including without limitation all fees, expenses and charges, arising prior to or after termination, and each Lender s rights and remedies and security interest, if any, shall continue until all Obligations to such Lender hereunder are paid and all obligations of Dealers are performed in full. All waivers and indemnifications in Agent s and each Lender s favor, and the agreement to arbitrate, set forth in this Agreement will survive any termination of this Agreement.. 
 
 20. Assignments and Participations; Binding Effect. 
 (a) Binding Effect . This Agreement shall become effective when it shall have been executed by the Dealers, Agent and the Lenders and when Agent shall have been notified by each Lender that such Lender has executed it. Thereafter, it shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of, but only to the benefit of Dealers, Agent and each Lender and, in each case, their respective successors and permitted assigns. Except as expressly provided herein, no Dealer shall have the right to assign any rights or obligations hereunder or any interest herein. 
 (b) Right to Assign . Each Lender may sell, transfer, negotiate or assign (a Sale all or a portion of its rights and obligations hereunder (including all or a portion of its Allocation and its rights and obligations with respect to any Loan pursuant to any Loan Document) to (i) any existing Lender, (ii) any Affiliate of any existing Lender or (iii) any other Person (other than a Disqualified Person) approved in writing by Agent and Dealers, which Dealer approval shall not be unreasonably withheld and shall be deemed to have been given if no Dealer provides a response to a request for approval within ten (10) Business Days after such request is sent (provided that no Dealer approval shall be required if any Default has occurred and is continuing); provided, however, that (w) for each Loan pursuant to this Agreement or any Loan Document, the aggregate outstanding principal amount (determined as of the effective date of the applicable assignment) of the Allocation subject to any such Sale shall be in a minimum amount of fifteen million dollars 15,000,000.00) , unless such Sale is made to an existing Lender or an Affiliate of any existing Lender, is of the assignor s (together with its Affiliates) entire interest in such facility or is made with the prior consent of Agent, (x) such Sales shall be effective only upon the acknowledgement in writing of such Sale by Agent, and (y) interest accrued prior to and through the date of any such Sale may not be assigned. Disqualified Person means any business competitor of any Dealer that is in the same or similar line of business as any Dealer (other than the business of providing financial services) and such competitor has been identified as such in a writing by any Dealer delivered to Agent. In addition, notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Section 20 , any Lender may disclose on a confidential basis any non-public information relating to its Loans to any prospective assignee, SPV or rating agency rating the obligations of such Lender. Notwithstanding the foregoing, CDF, as Agent and/or a Lender, has the right to complete a Sale of all or any portion of its interest in the Loan and Loan Documents to any Person in connection with a sale or other transfer of all or a material portion of CDF s business to a third party, without the consent of any Dealer or any Lender. 
 28 

(c) Procedure . The parties to each Sale made in reliance on clause (b) above (other than those described in clause (e) or (f) below) shall execute and deliver to Agent an Assignment via an electronic settlement system designated by Agent (or, if previously agreed with Agent, via a manual execution and delivery of the Assignment) evidencing such Sale, together with any existing Loan Document subject to such Sale, any tax forms required by the assignee to be delivered and payment of an assignment fee in the amount of 3,500 to Agent, unless waived or reduced by Agent; provided, that (i) if a Sale by a Lender is made to an Affiliate of such assigning Lender, then no assignment fee shall be due in connection with such Sale, and (ii) if a Sale by a Lender is made to an assignee that is not an Affiliate of such assignor Lender, and concurrently to one or more Affiliates of such assignee, then only one assignment fee of three thousand five hundred dollar 3,500 .00) shall be due in connection with such Sale (unless waived or reduced by Agent). Upon receipt of all the foregoing, and conditioned upon such receipt and, if such Assignment is made in accordance with clause (iii) of S ection 20(b) , upon Agent (and Dealers, if applicable) consenting to such Assignment, from and after the effective date specified in such Assignment, Agent shall record or cause the information contained in such Assignment to be recorded in a record of ownership kept by Agent. 
 (d) Effectiveness . Subject to the recording of an Assignment by Agent in a record of ownership, (i) the assignee thereunder shall become a party hereto and, to the extent that rights and obligations under this Agreement and the applicable Transactions Statement have been assigned to such assignee pursuant to such Assignment, shall have the rights and obligations of a Lender and (ii) the assignor thereunder shall, to the extent that rights and obligations under this Agreement have been assigned by it pursuant to such Assignment, relinquish its rights (except for the payment in full of the Obligations) and be released from its obligations under this Agreement and the Transaction Statements, other than those relating to events or circumstances occurring prior to such assignment (and, in the case of an Assignment covering all or the remaining portion of an assigning Lender s rights and obligations under the Loan Documents, such Lender shall cease to be a party hereto). 
 (e) Participants and Grant of Option to Fund to SPVs . In addition to the other rights provided in this Section 20 , each Lender may, (i) with notice to Agent, grant to an SPV the option to make all or any part of any Loan that such Lender would otherwise be required to make hereunder (and the exercise of such option by such SPV and the making of Loans pursuant thereto shall satisfy the obligation of such Lender to make such Loans hereunder) and such SPV may assign to such Lender the right to receive payment with respect to any Obligation and (ii) without notice to or consent from Agent or the Dealers, sell participations to one or more Persons in or to all or a portion of its rights and obligations under the Loan Documents; provided, however, that, whether as a result of any term of any Loan Document or of such grant or participation, (A) no such SPV or participant shall have a commitment, or be deemed to have made an offer to commit, to make Loans hereunder, and, except as provided in the applicable option agreement, none shall be liable for any obligation of such Lender hereunder, (B) such Lender s rights and obligations, and the rights and obligations of the Dealers and other Lenders towards such Lender, under any Loan Document shall remain unchanged and each other party hereto shall continue to deal solely with such Lender, which shall remain the holder of the Obligations in any register maintained by Agent, except that each such SPV may receive other payments that would otherwise be made to such Lender with respect to Loans funded by such SPV to the extent provided in the applicable option agreement and set forth in a notice provided to Agent by such SPV and such Lender, provided, however, that in no case shall an SPV granted an option pursuant to this clause (e) or participant have the right to enforce any of the terms of any Loan Document, and (C) the consent of such SPV or participant shall not be required (either directly, as a restraint on such Lender s ability to consent hereunder or otherwise) for any amendments, waivers or consents with respect to any Loan Document or to exercise or refrain from exercising any powers or rights such Lender may have under or in respect of the Loan Documents (including the right to enforce or direct enforcement of the Obligations), except for those described in clauses (ii), (iii) and (v) of Section 17(a) with respect to amounts, or dates fixed for payment of amounts, to which such participant would otherwise be entitled. 
 (f) Assignments to Affiliate SPVs . In addition to the other rights provided elsewhere in this Section 20 , each Lender that is an Affiliate of the Agent may, with notice to Agent in such form as shall be acceptable to the Agent (but without the consent of any Person and without compliance with any limitation or procedure specified in subsection 20(b) or 20(c) ), sell, transfer, negotiate or assign all or any portion of its rights, title or interests hereunder with respect to any Loans or other Obligations (including any interest accrued or to accrue thereon) to an SPV that is an Affiliate of such Lender, and such SPV may thereafter, with notice to Agent, assign such Obligation to any other SPV that is an Affiliate of such Lender or re-assign all or a portion of its interests in any Obligations to the Lender holding the related Allocation. Upon any assignment pursuant to this clause (f), any assignee SPV shall have all the rights of a Lender hereunder, including the right to receive all payments with respect to the assigned Obligations; provided, however, that, whether as a result of any term of any Loan Document or of such assignment, no such assignee SPV shall have a commitment, or be deemed to have made an offer to commit, to make Loans hereunder, and such Lender (and not such SPV) shall be liable for any obligation of such Lender to continue to make Loans hereunder. 
 (g) Agreements with Respect to SPVs . No party hereto shall institute against any SPV that funds or purchases any Obligation pursuant to clauses (e) or (f) any bankruptcy, reorganization, insolvency, liquidation or similar proceeding, prior to the date that is one year and one day after the payment in full of all outstanding indebtedness of such SPV; provided, however, that each Lender having designated an SPV as such agrees to indemnify each Indemnitee against any Liability that may be incurred by, or asserted against, such Indemnitee as a result of failing to institute such proceeding (including a failure to be reimbursed by such SPV for any such Liability). The agreement in the preceding sentence shall survive the termination 
 29 

of the Loans and the payment in full of the Obligations. In addition, notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Section 20 , any SPV may disclose on a confidential basis any non-public information relating to its Loans to any rating agency rating the obligations of such SPV. For the avoidance of doubt, an SPV that is a securitization trust formed by or at the direction of a Lender or an Affiliate of a Lender, as depositor, shall be deemed to be an Affiliate of such Lender. 
 (h) Participant Register . Each Lender that sells a participation shall, acting solely for this purpose as a non-fiduciary agent of the Dealers, maintain a register on which it enters the name and address of each participant and the principal amounts (and stated interest) of each participant s interest in the Loans or other obligations under the Loan Documents (the Participant Register provided that no Lender shall have any obligation to disclose all or any portion of the Participant Register (including the identity of any participant or any information relating to a participant's interest in any commitments, loans, letters of credit or its other obligations under any Loan Document) to any Person other than Agent except to the extent that such disclosure is necessary to establish that such commitment, loan, or other obligation is in registered form under Section 5f.103-1(c) of the United States Treasury Regulations. The entries in the Participant Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and such Lender shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Participant Register as the owner of such participation for all purposes of this Agreement notwithstanding any notice to the contrary. For the avoidance of doubt, Agent shall have no responsibility for maintaining a Participant Register. 
 21. Agent 
 (a) Appointment and Duties. 
 (i) Each Lender hereby appoints CDF as Agent (together with any successor Agent pursuant to Section 21(i) as Agent hereunder and authorizes Agent to (A) execute and deliver this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and accept delivery thereof on its behalf from any Dealer, (B) take such action on its behalf and to exercise all rights, powers and remedies and perform the duties as are expressly delegated to Agent under such Loan Documents and (C) exercise such powers as are incidental thereto. 
 (ii) Without limiting the generality of clause (i) above, Agent shall have the sole and exclusive right and authority (to the exclusion of the Lenders), and is hereby authorized, to (A) act as the disbursing and collecting agent for the Lenders with respect to all payments and collections arising in connection with any Loan Documents (including in bankruptcy, insolvency or similar proceeding), and each Person making any payment in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document is hereby authorized to make such payment to Agent, (B) file and prove claims and file other documents necessary or desirable to allow the claims of the Lenders with respect to any Obligation in any bankruptcy, insolvency or similar proceeding (but not to vote, consent or otherwise act on behalf of such Person), (C) act as collateral agent for each Lender for purposes of the perfection of all Liens created by such agreements and all other purposes stated therein, (D) manage, supervise and otherwise deal with the Collateral, (E) take such other action as is necessary or desirable to maintain the perfection and priority of the Liens created or purported to be created by this Agreement or the other Loan Documents, (F) except as may be otherwise specified in any Loan Document, exercise all remedies given to Agent and the other Lenders with respect to the Collateral, whether under the Loan Documents, applicable law or otherwise and (G) execute any amendment, consent or waiver under the Loan Documents on behalf of any Lender that has consented in writing to such amendment, consent or waiver; provided, however, that Agent hereby appoints, authorizes and directs each Lender to act as collateral sub-agent for Agent, the Lenders for purposes of the perfection of Liens with respect to any deposit account maintained by a Dealer with, and cash and cash equivalents held by, such Lender, and may further authorize and direct the Lenders to take further actions as collateral sub-agents for purposes of enforcing such Liens or otherwise to transfer the Collateral subject thereto to Agent, and each Lender hereby agrees to take such further actions to the extent, and only to the extent, so authorized and directed. 
 (iii) Under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, Agent (A) is acting solely on behalf of the Lenders , with duties that are entirely administrative in nature, notwithstanding the use of the defined term Agent , the terms agent , Agent and collateral agent and similar terms in any Loan Document to refer to Agent, which terms are used for title purposes only, (B) is not assuming any obligation under any Loan Document other than as expressly set forth therein or any role as agent, fiduciary or trustee of or for any Lender or any other Person and (C) shall have no implied functions, responsibilities, duties, obligations or other liabilities under any Loan Document, and each Lender, by accepting the benefits of the Loan Documents, hereby waives and agrees not to assert any claim against Agent based on the roles, duties and legal relationships expressly disclaimed in clauses (A) through (C) above. 
 (b) Binding Effect . Each Lender, by accepting the benefits of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, agrees that (i) any action taken by Agent in accordance with the provisions of the Loan Documents, (ii) any action taken by 
 30 

Agent in reliance upon the instructions of Lenders and (iii) the exercise by Agent or of the powers set forth herein or therein, together with such other powers as are incidental thereto, shall be authorized and binding upon all of the Lenders. 
 (c) Use of Discretion. 
 (i) Agent shall not have any duty to take any discretionary action or exercise any discretionary powers, except discretionary rights and powers expressly contemplated hereby or by the other Loan Documents that Agent is required to exercise as directed in writing by the Lenders; provided, that Agent shall not be required to take any action that, in its opinion or the opinion of its counsel, may expose Agent to liability or that is contrary to any Loan Document or applicable law. 
 (ii) Agent shall not, except as expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents, have any duty to disclose, and shall not be liable for the failure to disclose, any information relating to any Dealer or Dealer Affiliate that is communicated to or obtained by Agent or any of its Affiliates in any capacity. 
 (iii) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein or in any other Loan Document, the authority to enforce rights and remedies hereunder and under the other Loan Documents against the Lenders or any of them shall be vested exclusively in, and all actions and proceedings at law in connection with such enforcement shall be instituted and maintained exclusively by, Agent in accordance with the Loan Documents for the benefit of all the Lenders; provided that the foregoing shall not prohibit (A) Agent from exercising on its own behalf the rights and remedies that inure to its benefit (solely in its capacity as Agent) hereunder and under the other Loan Documents or (B) any Lender from filing proofs of claim or appearing and filing pleadings on its own behalf during the pendency of a proceeding relative to any Dealer under any bankruptcy or other debtor relief law; and provided further that if at any time there is no Person acting as Agent hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, then the Lenders shall have the rights otherwise ascribed to Agent under Section 13 . 
 (d) Delegation of Rights and Duties . Agent may, upon any term or condition it specifies, delegate or exercise any of its rights, powers and remedies under, and delegate or perform any of its duties or any other action with respect to, any Loan Document by or through any trustee, co-agent, employee, attorney-in-fact and any other Person (including any Lender). Any such Person shall benefit from this Section 21 to the extent provided by Agent. For the avoidance of doubt, this provision is not intended to permit Agent to be replaced hereunder. 
 (e) Reliance and Liability. 
 (i) Agent may, without incurring any liability hereunder, (A) consult with any of its Related Persons (including advisors to, and accountants and experts engaged by, any Dealer) and (B) rely and act upon any document and information (including those transmitted by electronic transmission) and any telephone message or conversation, in each case believed by it to be genuine and transmitted, signed or otherwise authenticated by the appropriate parties. 
 (ii) None of Agent and its Affiliates shall be liable for any action taken or omitted to be taken by any of them under or in connection with any Loan Document, and each Lender and each Dealer hereby waive and shall not assert (and each Dealer shall cause each other Dealer to waive and agree not to assert) any right, claim or cause of action based thereon, except to the extent of liabilities resulting primarily from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of Agent or, as the case may be, such Related Person (each as determined in a final, non-appealable judgment by a court of competent jurisdiction) in connection with the duties expressly set forth herein. Without limiting the foregoing, Agent: 
 (A) shall not be responsible or otherwise incur liability for any action or omission taken in reliance upon the instructions of the Lenders or for the actions or omissions of any of its Related Persons selected with reasonable care (other than employees, officers and directors of Agent, when acting on behalf of Agent); 
 
 (B) shall not be responsible to any Lender or other Person for the due execution, legality, validity, enforceability, effectiveness, genuineness, sufficiency or value of, or the attachment, perfection or priority of any Lien created or purported to be created under or in connection with, any Loan Document; 
 
 (C) makes no warranty or representation, and shall not be responsible, to any Lender or other Person for any statement, document, information, representation or warranty made or furnished by or on behalf of any Dealer or any Related Person of any Dealer in connection with any 
 31 

Loan Document or any transaction contemplated therein or any other document or information with respect to any Dealer, whether or not transmitted or (except for documents expressly required under any Loan Document to be transmitted to the Lenders) omitted to be transmitted by Agent, including as to completeness, accuracy, scope or adequacy thereof, or for the scope, nature or results of any due diligence performed by Agent in connection with the Loan Documents; 
 
 (D) shall not have any duty to ascertain or to inquire as to the performance or observance of any provision of any Loan Document, whether any condition set forth in any Loan Document is satisfied or waived, as to the financial condition of any Dealer or as to the existence or continuation or possible occurrence or continuation of any Default and shall not be deemed to have notice or knowledge of such occurrence or continuation unless it has received a notice from any Dealer, any Lender describing such Default clearly labeled notice of default (in which case Agent shall promptly give notice of such receipt to all Lenders); 
 
 For each of the items set forth in clauses (A) through (D) above, each Lender and each Dealer hereby waives and agrees not to assert (and each Dealer shall cause each other Dealer to waive and agree not to assert) any right, claim or cause of action it might have against Agent based thereon. 
 
 (iii) Each Lender (A) acknowledges that it has performed and will continue to perform its own diligence and has made and will continue to make its own independent investigation of the operations, financial conditions and affairs of the Dealers and (B) agrees that is shall not rely on any audit or other report provided by Agent or its Related Persons (an Agent Report ). Each Lender further acknowledges that any Agent Report (i) is provided to the Lenders solely as a courtesy, without consideration, and based upon the understanding that such Lender will not rely on such Agent Report, (ii) was prepared by Agent or its Related Persons based upon information provided by the Lenders solely for Agent s own internal use, (iii) may not be complete and may not reflect all information and findings obtained by Agent or its Related Persons regarding the operations and condition of the Lenders. Neither Agent nor any of its Related Persons makes any representations or warranties of any kind with respect to (i) any existing or proposed financing, (ii) the accuracy or completeness of the information contained in any Agent Report or in any related documentation, (iii) the scope or adequacy of Agent s and its Related Persons due diligence, or the presence or absence of any errors or omissions contained in any Agent Report or in any related documentation, and (iv) any work performed by Agent or Agent s Related Persons in connection with or using any Agent Report or any related documentation. 
 (iv) Neither Agent nor any of its Related Persons shall have any duties or obligations in connection with or as a result of any Lender receiving a copy of any Agent Report. Without limiting the generality of the forgoing, neither Agent nor any of its Related Persons shall have any responsibility for the accuracy or completeness of any Agent Report, or the appropriateness of any Agent Report for any Lender s purposes, and shall have no duty or responsibility to correct or update any Agent Report or disclose to any Lender any other information not embodied in any Agent Report, including any supplemental information obtained after the date of any Agent Report. Each Lender releases, and agrees that it will not assert, any claim against Agent or its Related Persons that in any way relates to any Agent Report or arises out of any Lender having access to any Agent Report or any discussion of its contents, and agrees to indemnify and hold harmless Agent and its Related Persons from all claims, liabilities and expenses relating to a breach by any Lender arising out of such Lender s access to any Agent Report or any discussion of its contents. 
 (f) Agent Individually . Agent and its Affiliates may make loans and other extensions of credit to, acquire Stock of, engage in any kind of business with, any Dealer or Affiliate thereof as though it were not acting as Agent and may receive separate fees and other payments therefor. To the extent Agent or any of its Affiliates makes any Loan or otherwise becomes a Lender hereunder, it shall have and may exercise the same rights and powers hereunder and shall be subject to the same obligations and liabilities as any other Lender and the term Lender and any similar terms shall, except where otherwise expressly provided in any Loan Document, include, without limitation, Agent or such Affiliate, as the case may be, in its individual capacity as Lender. 
 (g) Lender Credit Decision . Each Lender acknowledges that it shall, independently and without reliance upon Agent, any Lender or any of their Related Persons or upon any document (including any offering and disclosure materials in connection with the syndication of the Loans) solely or in part because such document was transmitted by Agent or any of its Related Persons, conduct its own independent investigation of the financial condition and affairs of each Dealer and make and continue to make its own credit decisions in connection with entering into, and taking or not taking any action under, any Loan Document or with respect to any transaction contemplated in any Loan Document, in each case based on such documents and information as it shall deem appropriate. Except for documents expressly required by any Loan Document to be transmitted by Agent to the Lenders, Agent shall not have any duty or responsibility to provide any Lender with any credit or 
 32 

other information concerning the business, prospects, operations, property, financial and other condition or creditworthiness of any Dealer or any Affiliate of any Dealer that may come in to the possession of Agent or any of its Related Persons. 
 (h) Expenses; Indemnities; Withholding . 
 (i) Each Lender agrees to reimburse Agent and each of its Related Persons (to the extent not reimbursed by any Dealer) promptly upon demand, severally and ratably, for any costs and expenses (including fees, charges and disbursements of financial, legal and other advisors and other expenses paid in the name of, or on behalf of, any Dealer) that may be incurred by Agent or any of its Related Persons in connection with the preparation, syndication, execution, delivery, administration, modification, consent, waiver or enforcement of, or the taking of any other action (whether through negotiations, through any work-out, bankruptcy, restructuring or other legal or other proceeding (including, without limitation, preparation for and/or response to any subpoena or request for document production relating thereto) or otherwise) in respect of, or legal advice with respect to its rights or responsibilities under, any Loan Document. 
 (ii) Each Lender further agrees to indemnify Agent and each of its Related Persons (to the extent not reimbursed by any Dealer), severally and ratably, from and against Liabilities (including, to the extent not indemnified by Dealer pursuant to this Agreement or any other Loan Document, taxes, interests and penalties imposed for not properly withholding or backup withholding on payments made to or for the account of any Lender) that may be imposed on, incurred by or asserted against Agent or any of its Related Persons in any matter relating to or arising out of, in connection with or as a result of any Loan Document or any other act, event or transaction related, contemplated in or attendant to any such document, or, in each case, any action taken or omitted to be taken by Agent or any of its Related Persons under or with respect to any of the foregoing; provided, however, that no Lender shall be liable to Agent or any of its Related Persons to the extent such liability has resulted primarily from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of Agent or, as the case may be, such Related Person, as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction in a final non-appealable judgment or order. 
 (iii) To the extent required by any applicable law, Agent may withhold from any payment to any Lender under a Loan Document an amount equal to any applicable withholding tax. If the IRS or any other Governmental Authority asserts a claim that Agent did not properly withhold tax from amounts paid to or for the account of any Lender (because the appropriate certification form was not delivered, was not properly executed, or fails to establish an exemption from, or reduction of, withholding tax with respect to a particular type of payment, or because such Lender failed to notify Agent or any other Person of a change in circumstances which rendered the exemption from, or reduction of, withholding tax ineffective, or for any other reason), or Agent reasonably determines that it was required to withhold taxes from a prior payment but failed to do so, such Lender shall promptly indemnify Agent fully for all amounts paid, directly or indirectly, by such Agent as tax or otherwise, including penalties and interest, and together with all expenses incurred by Agent, including legal expenses, allocated internal costs and out-of-pocket expenses. Agent may offset against any payment to any Lender under a Loan Document, any applicable withholding tax that was required to be withheld from any prior payment to such Lender but which was not so withheld, as well as any other amounts for which Agent is entitled to indemnification from such Lender pursuant to this Agreement or any other Loan Document. 
 (i) Release of Collateral or Guarantors . Each Lender hereby consents to the release and hereby directs Agent to release (or, in the case of clause (ii) below, release or subordinate) any Lien held by Agent for the benefit of the Lenders against (i) any Collateral that is sold, transferred, conveyed or otherwise disposed of by a Dealer in a transaction permitted by the Loan Documents (including pursuant to a waiver or consent), (ii) any property subject to a Lien permitted as a purchase money security interest hereunder or under any other Loan Document, and (iii) all of the Collateral and all Lenders and Guarantors, upon (A) termination of this Agreement, (B) payment and satisfaction in full of all Loans and all other Obligations under the Loan Documents that Agent has theretofore been notified in writing by the holder of such Obligation are then due and payable, (C) deposit of cash collateral with respect to all contingent Obligations, in amounts and on terms and conditions and with parties satisfactory to Agent and each Lender that is, or may be, owed such Obligations (excluding contingent Obligations as to which no claim has been asserted) and (D) to the extent requested by Agent, receipt by Agent and the Lenders of liability releases from the Lenders each in form and substance acceptable to Agent. 
 22. Non-Funding Lenders; Replacement of Lenders. 
 (a) Non-Funding Lenders. 
 (i) Responsibility . The failure of any Non-Funding Lender to make any Loan or any payment required by it under any Loan Document on the date specified therefor shall not relieve any other Lender 
 33 

(each such other Lender , an Other Lender of its obligations to make such Loan or make any other such required payment on such date, and neither Agent nor, other than as expressly set forth herein, any Other Lender shall be responsible for the failure of any Non-Funding Lender to make a Loan or make any other required payment under any Loan Document . 
 (ii) Voting Rights . Notwithstanding anything set forth herein to the contrary, a Non-Funding Lender shall not have any voting or consent rights under or with respect to any Loan Document or constitute a Lender (or be, or have its Loans included in the determination of Required Lenders for any voting or consent rights under or with respect to any Loan Document , provided that (A) the Allocation of a Non-Funding Lender may not be increased, extended or reinstated, (B) the principal of a Non-Funding Lender s Loans may not be reduced or forgiven, and (C) the interest rate applicable to Obligations owing to a Non-Funding Lender may not be reduced in such a manner that by its terms affects such Non-Funding Lender more adversely than other Lenders , in each case without the consent of such Non-Funding Lender . 
 (iii) Payments to a Non-Funding Lender . Agent shall be authorized to use all payments received by Agent for the benefit of any Non-Funding Lender pursuant to this Agreement to pay in full the Aggregate Excess Funding Amount to the appropriate Lenders . Following such payment in full of the Aggregate Excess Funding Amount, Agent shall be entitled to hold such funds as cash collateral in a non-interest bearing account up to an amount equal to such Non-Funding Lender s unfunded Allocation and to use such amount to pay such Non-Funding Lender s funding obligations hereunder until the Obligations are paid in full in cash and this Agreement terminated. Upon any such unfunded obligations owing by a Non-Funding Lender becoming due and payable, Agent shall be authorized to use such cash collateral to make such payment on behalf of such Non-Funding Lender . With respect to such Non-Funding Lender s failure to fund Loans , any amounts applied by Agent to satisfy such funding shortfalls shall be deemed to constitute a Loan and, if necessary to effectuate the foregoing, the proceeds of such Loans shall be applied to pay the unpaid principal of the Loans owing to the other Lenders until such time as the aggregate amount of the Loans are held by the Lenders in accordance with their Ratable Shares . Any amounts owing by a Non-Funding Lender to Agent which are not paid when due shall accrue interest at the interest rate applicable during such period to the Loans . In the event that Agent is holding cash collateral of a Non-Funding Lender that cures pursuant to clause (iv) below or ceases to be a Non-Funding Lender pursuant to the definition of Non-Funding Lender , Agent shall return the unused portion of such cash collateral to such Lender . 
 (iv) Cure . A Lender may cure its status as a Non-Funding Lender under clause (a) of the definition of Non-Funding Lender if such Lender (A) fully pays to Agent the Aggregate Excess Funding Amount, plus all interest due thereon and (B) timely funds the next Loan required to be funded by such Lender or makes the next reimbursement required to be made by such Lender . Any such cure shall not relieve any Lender from liability for breaching its contractual obligations hereunder. 
 (v) Fees . A Lender that is a Non-Funding Lender pursuant to clause (a) of the definition of Non-Funding Lender shall not earn and shall not be entitled to receive, and the Dealers shall not be required to pay, such Lender s portion of the Unused Line Fee (set forth in the Program Terms Letter during the time such Lender is a Non-Funding Lender pursuant to clause (a) thereof. 
 (b) Replacement of Lenders . Within forty-five (45) days after any failure by any Lender other than Agent or an Affiliate of Agent to consent to a requested amendment, waiver or modification to any Loan Document in which Required Lenders have already consented to such amendment, waiver or modification but the consent of each Lender (or each Lender directly affected thereby, as applicable) is required with respect thereto, Dealers may, at their option, notify Agent and such non-consenting Lender of Dealers intention to obtain, at Dealers expense, a replacement Lender Replacement Lender for such non-consenting Lender, which Replacement Lender shall be reasonably satisfactory to Agent. In the event the Dealers obtain a Replacement Lender within sixty (60) days following notice of its intention to do so, such non-consenting Lender shall sell and assign its Loans and remaining Allocation to such Replacement Lender, at par, provided that the Dealers have reimbursed such non-consenting Lender for its costs for which it is entitled to reimbursement under this Agreement through the date of such sale and assignment. In the event that a replaced Lender does not execute an Assignment pursuant to Section 20(c) of this Agreement within five (5) Business Days after receipt by such replaced Lender of notice of replacement pursuant to this section and presentation to such replaced Lender of an Assignment evidencing an assignment pursuant to this section, the Dealers shall be entitled (but not obligated) to execute such an Assignment on behalf of such replaced Lender, and any such Assignment so executed by the Dealers, the Replacement Lender and Agent, shall be effective for purposes of this Section 22(b) and Section 20(c) . Upon any such Assignment and payment and compliance with the other provisions of Section 20(c) , such replaced Lender shall no longer constitute a Lender for purposes hereof; provided, any rights of such replaced Lender to indemnification hereunder shall survive. 
 23. Notices . Except as required by law or as otherwise provided herein, all notices or other communications to be given under the Agreement or under the UCC shall be in writing served either personally, by deposit with a reputable 
 34 

overnight courier with charges prepaid, or by deposit in the United States mail, first class postage prepaid or provided for, addressed, as applicable, to (a) Dealers at their chief executive offices shown below or to any office to which Agent sends billing statements, (b) to Agent at its address shown beneath its signature hereunder, to the attention of its Credit Department, (c) to any Lender at the address such Lender shall designate on the Loan Document, or (d) at such other address designated by such party by notice to the other. Any such communication shall be deemed to have been given upon delivery in the case of personal delivery, one Business Day after deposit with an overnight courier or three (3) Business Days after deposit in the United States mail except that any notice of change of address shall not be effective until actually received. 
 
 24. Severability . If any provision of this Agreement or its application is invalid or unenforceable, the remainder of this Agreement will not be impaired or affected and will remain binding and enforceable. 
 
 25. Receipt of Agreement . Each Dealer acknowledges that it has received a true and complete copy of this Agreement. Each Dealer has read and understands this Agreement. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, Agent and each Lender may rely on any facsimile copy, electronic data transmission, or electronic data storage of: this Agreement, any Transaction Statement, billing statement, financing statement, authorization to pre-file financing statements, invoice from a Vendor, financial statements or other reports, which will be deemed an original, and the best evidence thereof for all purposes. 
 
 26. Acceptance by Agent . If Agent is the sole Lender, Agent may accept this Agreement by issuance of an Approval to a Vendor for the purchase of inventory by Dealers or by making an advance hereunder. 
 
 27. Miscellaneous . Time is of the essence regarding each Dealer s performance of its obligations to Agent and Lenders. Each Dealer s liability to Agent and Lenders is direct and unconditional and will not be affected by the release or nonperfection of any security interest granted hereunder. Subject to the consent of each Lender, Agent may refrain from or postpone enforcement of this Agreement or any other agreements between Agent and a Dealer without prejudice, and the failure to strictly enforce these agreements will not create a course of dealing which waives, amends or modifies such agreements. Any waiver by Agent of a Default shall only be effective if approved by Lenders pursuant to Section 17(a) and transmitted to a Dealer in a writing signed by Agent. The express terms of this Agreement will not be modified by any course of dealing, usage of trade, or custom of trade which may deviate from the terms hereof. If a Dealer fails to pay any taxes, fees or other obligations which may materially impair Agent s or any Lender s interest in the Collateral, or fails to keep any Collateral insured, Agent, on behalf of itself and the other Lenders, may, but shall not be required to, pay such amounts. Such paid amounts will be: (a) additional Obligations which Dealers owe under this Agreement, which are subject to finance charges as provided herein and shall be secured by the Collateral; and (b) due and payable immediately in full upon demand to Dealers. Section titles used herein are for convenience only, and do not define or limit the contents of any Section. All words used herein shall be understood and construed to be of such number and gender as the circumstances may require. This Agreement may be validly executed in one or more multiple counterpart signature pages. This Agreement shall be construed without presumption for or against any party who drafted all or any portion of this Agreement. No modification of this Agreement shall bind Agent or Lenders unless in a writing signed by Agent and each Lender (or by Agent with the consent of each Lender) and transmitted to Dealers. Among other symbols, Agent hereby adopts Wells Fargo Commercial Distribution Finance, LLC, Wells Fargo Commercial Distribution Finance, WFCDF, CDF or Agent as evidence of its intent to authenticate a record in its capacity as Agent. 

28. List of Dealers . The following persons are parties to this Agreement as Dealers: 

DEALER NAME 
 
 TYPE OF ENTITY 
 
 JURISDICTION 

MarineMax, Inc. 

corporation 

Florida 

MarineMax East, Inc. 

corporation 

Delaware 

MarineMax Services, Inc. 

corporation 

Delaware 

MarineMax Northeast, LLC 

limited liability company 

Delaware 

Boating Gear Center, LLC 

limited liability company 

Delaware 

US Liquidators, LLC 

limited liability company 

Delaware 

Newcoast Financial Services, LLC 
 My Web Services, LLC 
 MarineMax Charter Services, LLC 
 [ ] 

limited liability company 
 limited liability company 
 limited liability company 
 limited liability company 

Delaware 
 Delaware 
 Delaware 
 Florida 

Gulfport Marina, LLC 

limited liability company 

Delaware 

FWW, LLC 

limited liability company 

Florida 

Fraser Yachts Florida, Inc. 

corporation 

Florida 

Fraser Yachts California 

corporation 

California 

35 

MarineMax KW, LLC 

limited liability company 

Florida 

BY Holdings, LLC 

limited liability company 

Florida 

Northrop and Johnson Yachts-Ships LLC 

limited liability company 

Florida 

Northrop Johnson California, Inc. 

corporation 

California 

Perfect Yacht Charter LLC 

limited liability company 

Delaware 

N J Media LLC 

limited liability company 

Florida 

Northrop Johnson Holding LLC. 

limited liability company 

Florida 

N J Group, LLC 

limited liability company 

Florida 

Private Insurance Services LLC 

limited liability company 

Florida 

Skipper Marine, LLC 

limited liability company 

Wisconsin 

Skipper Bud s of Illinois, LLC 

limited liability company 

Illinois 

Skipper Marine of Madison, LLC 

limited liability company 

Wisconsin 

Skipper Marine of Fox Valley, LLC 

limited liability company 

Wisconsin 

Skipper Marine of Chicago-Land, LLC 

limited liability company 

Illinois 

Skipper Marine of Michigan, LLC 

limited liability company 

Michigan 

Skipper Marine of Ohio, LLC 

limited liability company 

Ohio 

Silver Seas Yachts, LLC 

limited liability company 

Arizona 

Silver Seas California, Inc. 

corporation 

Florida 

MarineMax Products, Inc. 

corporation 

Florida 

KCS International Inc. 

corporation 

Wisconsin 

Nisswa Marine, LLC 

limited liability company 

Minnesota 

29. Limitation of Remedies and Damages . In the event there is any dispute under this Agreement, t he aggrieved party shall not be entitled to exemplary or punitive damages so that the aggrieved party s remedy in connection with any action arising under or in any way related to this Agreement shall be limited to a breach of contract action and any damages in connection therewith are limited to actual and direct damages, except that Agent may seek equitable relief in connection with any judicial repossession of, or temporary restraining order with respect to, the Collateral. 
 
 30. BINDING ARBITRATION . 
 
 (a) Arbitrable Claims . Except as otherwise specified below, all actions, disputes, claims and controversies under common law, statutory law or in equity of any type or nature whatsoever, whether arising before or after the date of this Agreement, and whether directly or indirectly relating to: (i) this Agreement and/or any amendments and addenda hereto, or the breach, invalidity or termination hereof; (ii) any previous or subsequent agreement between Agent and any one or more Lenders and/or any one or more Dealers; (iii) any act committed by Agent or by any parent company, subsidiary or affiliated company of Agent (the Agent Companies ), or by any employee, agent, officer or director of an Agent Company whether or not arising within the scope and course of employment or other contractual representation of the Agent Companies provided that such act arises under a relationship, transaction or dealing between and any one or more Lenders and/or any one or more Dealers; and/or (iv) any other relationship, transaction or dealing between or among Agent and any one or more Dealers (collectively the Disputes ), will be subject to and resolved by binding arbitration. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the parties agree that either party may pursue claims against the other that do not exceed fifteen thousand dollars 15,000.00) in the aggregate in a court of competent jurisdiction. Service of arbitration claims shall be acceptable if made by U.S. mail or overnight delivery to the address for the party described herein. 
 
 (b) Administrative Body . All arbitration hereunder will be conducted in accordance with the Commercial Arbitration Rules of either: (i) The American Arbitration Association AAA or (ii) United States Arbitration Mediation USA M ). The party first filing an arbitration claim shall designate which arbitration forum and rules are to be applied for all disputes between the parties. The arbitration rules are currently found at www.adr.org for AAA, and at www.usam.com for USA M. AAA claims may be filed in any AAA office. Claims filed with USA M shall be filed in its Midwest office located at 720 Olive Street, Suite 2020, St. Louis, Missouri 63101. All arbitrator(s) selected will be attorneys with at least five (5) years secured transactions experience. A panel of three arbitrators shall hear all claims exceeding one million dollars 1,000,000.00), exclusive of interest, costs and attorneys fees. The arbitrator(s) will decide if any inconsistency exists between the rules of the applicable arbitral forum and the arbitration provisions contained herein. If such inconsistency exists, the arbitration provisions contained herein will control and supersede such rules. The arbitrator shall follow the terms of this Agreement and the applicable law, including without limitation, the attorney-client privilege and the attorney work product doctrine. 
 
 Inventory Financing Agreement 36 
 HB: 4815-0457-9305.12 

(c) Hearings . Each party hereby consents to a documentary hearing for all arbitration claims by submitting the dispute to the arbitrator(s) by written briefs and affidavits, along with relevant documents. However, arbitration claims will be submitted by way of an oral hearing if any party requests an oral hearing within forty (40) days after service of the claim and that party remits the appropriate deposit for fees and arbitrator compensation within ten (10) days of making the request. Each party agrees that failure to timely pay all fees and arbitrator compensation billed to the party requesting the oral hearing will be deemed such party s consent to submitting the Dispute to the arbitrator on documents and such party s waiver of its request for an oral hearing. The site of all oral arbitration hearings will be in the Division of the Federal Judicial District in which the designated arbitration association maintains a regional office that is closest to Dealers. 
 
 (d) Discovery . Discovery permitted in any arbitration proceeding commenced hereunder is limited as follows. No later than forty (40) days after the filing and service of a claim for arbitration, the parties in contested cases will exchange detailed statements setting forth the facts supporting the claim(s) and all defenses to be raised during the arbitration, and a list of all exhibits and witnesses. No later than twenty-one (21) days prior to the oral arbitration hearing, the parties will exchange a final list of all exhibits and all witnesses, including any designation of any expert witness(es) together with a summary of their testimony; a copy of all documents and a detailed description of any property to be introduced at the hearing. Under no circumstances will the use of interrogatories, requests for admission, requests for the production of documents or the taking of depositions be permitted. However, in the event of the designation of any expert witness(es), the following will occur: (i) all information and documents relied upon by the expert witness(es) will be delivered to the opposing party; (ii) the opposing party will be permitted to depose the expert witness(es); (iii) the opposing party will be permitted to designate rebuttal expert witness(es); and (iv) the arbitration hearing will be continued to the earliest possible date that enables the foregoing limited discovery to be accomplished. 
 
 (e) Exemplary or Punitive Damages . The arbitrator(s) will not have the authority to award exemplary or punitive damages. 
 
 (f) Confidentiality of Awards . All arbitration proceedings, including testimony or evidence at hearings, will be kept confidential, although any award or order rendered by the arbitrator(s) pursuant to the terms of this Agreement may be confirmed as a judgment or order in any state or federal court of competent jurisdiction within the federal judicial district which includes the residence of the party against whom such award or order was entered. This Agreement concerns transactions involving commerce among the several states. The Federal Arbitration Act, Title 9 U.S.C. Sections 1 et seq., as amended FAA will govern all arbitration(s) and confirmation proceedings hereunder. 
 
 (g) Prejudgment and Provisional Remedies . Nothing herein will be construed to prevent Agent s or a Dealer s use of bankruptcy, receivership, injunction, repossession, replevin, claim and delivery, sequestration, seizure, attachment, foreclosure, and/or any other prejudgment or provisional action or remedy relating to any Collateral for any current or future Debt owed by either party to the other. Any such action or remedy will not waive Agent s or a Dealer s right to compel arbitration of any Dispute. 
 
 (h) Attorneys Fees . If either a Dealer or Agent brings any other action for judicial relief with respect to any Dispute (other than those set forth in Sections 30(a) or 30(g) of this Agreement), the party bringing such action will be liable for and immediately pay all of the other party s costs and expenses (including attorneys fees) incurred to stay or dismiss such action and remove or refer such Dispute to arbitration. If either a Dealer or Agent brings or appeals an action to vacate or modify an arbitration award and such party does not prevail, such party will pay all costs and expenses, including attorneys fees, incurred by the other party in defending such action. Additionally, if a Dealer sues Agent or institutes any arbitration claim or counterclaim against Agent in which Agent is the prevailing party, Dealers will pay all costs and expenses (including attorneys fees) incurred by Agent in the course of defending such action or proceeding. 
 
 (i) Limitations . Any arbitration proceeding must be instituted: (i) with respect to any Dispute for the collection of any Debt owed by either party to the other, within two (2) years after the date the last payment by or on behalf of the payor was received and applied in respect of such Debt by the payee; and (ii) with respect to any other Dispute, within two (2) years after the date the incident giving rise thereto occurred, whether or not any damage was sustained or capable of ascertainment or either party knew of such incident. Failure to institute an arbitration proceeding within such period will constitute an absolute bar and waiver to the institution of any proceeding, whether arbitration or a court proceeding, with respect to such Dispute. Notwithstanding the foregoing, this limitations provision will be suspended temporarily as of the date any of the following events occur and will not resume until the date following the date either party is no longer subject to (A) bankruptcy, (B) receivership, (C) any proceeding regarding an assignment for the benefit of creditors, or (D) any legal proceeding, civil or criminal, which prohibits either party from foreclosing any interest it might have in the collateral of the other party. 
 
 (j) Survival After Termination . The agreement to arbitrate will survive the termination of this Agreement. 
 
 31. Multiple Dealers; Joint and Several Liability; Designation of Authorized Representatives . 
 37 

(a) All Loans and advances by Lenders to any Dealer and all other Obligations of any Dealer shall constitute one general obligation of all of the Dealers. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Dealers shall be primarily and jointly and severally liable for all Obligations of any Dealer under this Agreement and any other Loan Document. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if and to the extent a Dealer is deemed to be a guarantor of another Dealer hereunder, such Dealer s liability for any credit extended to or for the benefit of such other Dealer shall be deemed to be a guaranty of payment and performance, and not merely a guaranty of collection. To the fullest extent permitted by law, each Dealer hereby waives promptness, diligence, notice of acceptance, and any other notices of any nature whatsoever with respect to any of the Obligations, and any requirement that Agent protect, secure, perfect or insure any security interest or lien or any property subject thereto or exhaust any right or take any action against any other Dealer, any other Person or any Collateral. Each Dealer agrees that any rights of subrogation, indemnification, reimbursement or any similar rights it may have against any other Dealer with respect to its liability hereunder or otherwise, whether such rights arise under an express or implied contract or by operation of law, shall be subject, junior and subordinate in all respect to all Obligations of such Dealer under this Agreement and any other Loan Document and that the enforcement of such rights shall be stayed until such time as the Dealers shall have indefeasibly paid in full all of the Obligations and neither Agent nor any Lender shall be under any duty to make a Loan to or for the benefit of any Dealer. The liability of each Dealer shall be absolute and unconditional irrespective of (i) any change in the time, manner or place of payment of, or in any other term of, any of the Obligations, or any other amendment or waiver of or any consent to departure from this Agreement or any other agreement between or among Agent, Dealers and, if applicable, Lenders (ii) any exchange, release or non-perfection of any Collateral or any release or amendment or waiver of or consent to departure from any other guaranty or any release of any Guarantor or any other Person liable in whole or in part for all or any of the Obligations, (iii) the disallowance or avoidance of all or any portion the claim(s) of Agent or any Lender for repayment of the Obligations of any G uarantor to Agent or any interest of Agent or any Lender in any security for such Obligations, or (iv) any other circumstance which might otherwise constitute a defense available to, or discharge of, a Dealer or a Guarantor or any other surety. 
 
 (b) Each Dealer (each, a Principal hereby appoints each other Dealer (each, a Dealer Representative as the Principal s agent and attorney-in-fact (i) to take any action, (ii) to execute any document or instrument, (iii) to consent or agree to any amendment or other modification of this Agreement and/or any other agreements between or among any one or more of the Dealers and Lender and/or any waiver of or departure from any of the terms hereof or thereof, (iv) to perform any Obligation of the Principal, and (v) to give or receive any notice by or to any Dealer hereunder or thereunder; and in each case without regard to whether any such action is done in the name of a Dealer Representative or a Principal and, if done in the name of a Dealer Representative, without regard to whether such Dealer Representative s capacity as agent or attorney-in-fact is so designated. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, an Dealer Representative may request extensions of credit to or on behalf of any one or more of the Dealers and/or incur any other Obligations for the account of any one or more of the Dealers, and in any such event all of the Dealers shall be fully and jointly and severally bound by and liable for the actions of such Dealer Representative. Lender shall be entitled to rely absolutely and without duty of inquiry or investigation upon any agreement, request, communication or other notice given by a Dealer Representative under this Agreement and/or any other agreements between or among any one or more of the Dealers and Lender (including without limitation, any request by a Dealer Representative to make credit extensions to or on behalf of itself and/or any one or more other Dealers) until three (3) Business Days after Lender shall have received written notice from each Principal of the revocation of this agency and power of attorney, which revocation shall constitute a Default. 
 
 (c) Each Dealer hereby authorizes any officer (and the Director of Treasury in connection with requests for Advances) to act on behalf of such Dealer in connection with this Agreement, the certificates and documents contemplated hereby, and the transactions referenced herein and therein. Agent and each Lender shall be entitled to rely absolutely and without duty of inquiry or investigation upon any agreement, request, communication or other notice given by such authorized persons under this Agreement and/or any other agreements between or among any one or more of the Dealers and Agent (including without limitation, any request by such authorized representative to make credit extensions to or on behalf of such Dealer) until three (3) Business Days after Agent shall have received written notice from such Dealer of the revocation of such Person s authority and the identity of each additional Person authorized to act on behalf of such Dealer thereafter. 
 
 32. Governing Law . This Agreement and all agreements between or among Agent and any one or more Lenders and/or any one or more Dealers have been substantially negotiated and will be substantially performed in the state of Illinois. All Disputes will be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of such state, except to the extent inconsistent with the provisions of the FAA, which will control and govern all arbitration proceedings hereunder. 
 
 33. Platform . Each Dealer and each Lender agrees that Agent may make materials or information provided by or on behalf of Dealers hereunder (collectively, Dealer Materials available to the Lenders by posting the communications on IntraLinks, SyndTrak or a substantially similar secure electronic transmission system (the Platform ). The Platform is provided as is and as available. Agent does not warrant the accuracy or completeness of the Dealer Materials, or the adequacy of the Platform and expressly disclaim liability for errors or omissions in the communications. No warranty of any kind, express, implied or statutory, including any warranty of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement 
 38 

of third party rights or freedom from viruses or other code defects, is made by Agent in connection with the Dealer Materials or the Platform. In no event shall Agent or any of the Agent-Related Persons have any liability to the Dealers, any Lender or any other person for damages of any kind, including direct or indirect, special, incidental or consequential damages, losses or expenses (whether in tort, contract or otherwise) arising out of any Dealer s or Agent s transmission of communications through the Internet, except to the extent the liability of such person is found in a final non-appealable judgment by a court of competent jurisdiction to have resulted from such person s gross negligence or willful misconduct. Each Dealer further agrees that certain of the Lenders may be public-side Lenders i.e. , Lenders that do not wish to receive material non-public information with respect to the Dealers or their securities) (each, a Public Lender ). The Dealers shall be deemed to have authorized Agent and its Affiliates and the Lenders to treat Dealer Materials marked PUBLIC or otherwise at any time filed with the SEC as not containing any material non-public information with respect to the Dealers or their securities for purposes of United States federal and state securities laws. All Dealer Materials marked PUBLIC are permitted to be made available through a portion of the Platform designated as Public Investor (or another similar term). Agent and its Affiliates and the Lenders shall be entitled to treat any Dealer Materials that are not marked PUBLIC or that are not at any time filed with the SEC as being suitable only for posting on a portion of the Platform not marked as Public Investor (or such other similar term). 
 
 34. Termination of [ ] Agreement . Dealers, Lenders and Agent acknowledge and agree that the [ ], dated as of May 20, 2020, between Agent and Dealers (as further amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time) is hereby terminated. To the extent any funds remain in the account established pursuant to such [ ], such funds will be distributed to Dealers as directed by Dealer Representative. 
 
 35. INVALIDITY/UNENFORCEABILITY OF BINDING ARBITRATION . IF THIS AGREEMENT IS FOUND TO BE NOT SUBJECT TO ARBITRATION, ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING WITH RESPECT TO ANY DISPUTE WILL BE TRIED IN A COURT OF COMPETENT JURISDICTION BY A JUDGE WITHOUT A JURY. DEALERS AND AGENT WAIVE ANY RIGHT TO A JURY TRIAL IN ANY SUCH PROCEEDING. SIMILARLY, IF THIS AGREEMENT OR A PARTICULAR DISPUTE HEREUNDER IS NOT SUBJECT TO ARBITRATION, DEALERS HEREBY CONSENT TO THE JURISDICTION OF ANY LOCAL, STATE OR FEDERAL COURT LOCATED WITHIN ILLINOIS AND WAIVE ANY OBJECTION WHICH DEALERS MAY HAVE BASED ON IMPROPER VENUE OR FORUM NON CONVENIENS TO THE CONDUCT OF ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING IN ANY SUCH COURT. 
 
 36. AMENDMENT AND RESTATEMENT . This Agreement amends and restates the Existing Financing Agreement in its entirety and all obligations, of every type or nature, of Dealers or any Dealer under the Existing Financing Agreement are ratified and confirmed by Dealers as though all of such obligations arose under this Agreement, and the execution and delivery of this Agreement shall not constitute a novation of any indebtedness or obligations of any Dealer owed to any Lender with respect to the Existing Financing Agreement 

[Remainder of page blank] 
 
 39 

THIS CONTRACT CONTAINS BINDING ARBITRATION, 
 JURY WAIVER AND PUNITIVE DAMAGE WAIVER PROVISIONS. 

40 

DATED AS OF THE DATE FIRST ABOVE WRITTEN 

MARINEMAX, INC., 
 a Florida corporation 

By: 
 
 /s/ Michael H. McLamb 

Print Name: 
 
 Michael H. McLamb 

Title: 
 
 Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Secretary 

Tax ID: 
 
 [ ] 

Org. ID (if any): 2849981 8100 

Chief Executive Office and Principal Place of Business: 
 
 2600 McCormick Drive 

Clearwater, FL 33759 

MARINEMAX EAST, INC., 
 a Delaware corporation 

By: 
 
 /s/ Michael H. McLamb 

Print Name: 
 
 Michael H. McLamb 

Title: 
 
 President, Secretary, Treasurer 

Tax ID: 
 
 [ ] 

Org. ID (if any): 3332179 8100 

Chief Executive Office and Principal Place of Business: 
 
 2600 McCormick Drive 

Clearwater, FL 33759 

MARINEMAX SERVICES, INC., 
 a Delaware corporation 

By: 
 
 /s/ Michael H. McLamb 

Print Name: 
 
 Michael H. McLamb 

Title: 
 
 Vice President, Secretary, Treasurer 

Tax ID: 
 
 [ ] 

Org. ID (if any): 3331764 8100 

Chief Executive Office and Principal Place of Business: 
 
 2600 McCormick Drive 

Clearwater, FL 33759 

MARINEMAX NORTHEAST, LLC, 
 a Delaware limited liability company 
 By: MARINEMAX EAST, INC. 
 the sole member of MarineMax Northeast, LLC 

By: 
 
 /s/ Michael H. McLamb 

Print Name: 
 
 Michael H. McLamb 

Title: 
 
 President, Secretary, Treasurer 

Tax ID: 
 
 [ ] 

Org. ID (if any): 4402087 8100 

Chief Executive Office and Principal Place of Business: 
 
 2600 McCormick Drive 

Clearwater, FL 33759 

Signature Page to 
 A R Loan and Security Agreement 

BOATING GEAR CENTER, LLC, 
 a Delaware limited liability company 

By: MARINEMAX EAST, INC., 
 the sole member of Boating Gear Center, LLC 

By: 
 
 /s/ Michael H. McLamb 

Print Name: 
 
 Michael H. McLamb 

Title: 
 
 President, Secretary, Treasurer 

Tax ID: 
 
 [ ] 

Org. ID (if any): 3908460 8100 

Chief Executive Office and Principal Place of Business: 
 
 2600 McCormick Drive 

Clearwater, FL 33759 

US LIQUIDATORS, LLC 

a Delaware limited liability company 
 By: MARINEMAX, INC. 
 the sole member of US Liquidators, LLC 

By: 
 
 /s/ Michael H. McLamb 

Print Name: 
 
 Michael H. McLamb 

Title: 
 
 Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Secretary 

Tax ID: 
 
 [ ] 

Org. ID (if any): 4242668 8100 

Chief Executive Office and Principal Place of Business: 
 
 2600 McCormick Drive 

Clearwater, FL 33759 

MY WEB SERVICES, LLC, 
 a Delaware limited liability company 

By: MARINEMAX EAST, INC., 
 the sole member of My Web Services, LLC 

By: 
 
 /s/ Michael H. McLamb 

Print Name: 
 
 Michael H. McLamb 

Title: 
 
 President, Secretary and Treasurer 

Tax ID: 
 
 [ ] 

Org. ID (if any): 4933499 

Chief Executive Office and Principal Place of Business: 
 
 2600 McCormick Drive 

Clearwater, FL 33759 

MARINEMAX CHARTER SERVICES, LLC, 
 a Delaware limited liability company 

By: MARINEMAX EAST, INC., 
 the sole member of MarineMax Charter Services, 
 LLC 

By: 
 
 /s/ Michael H. McLamb 

Print Name: 
 
 Michael H. McLamb 

Title: 
 
 President, Secretary, Treasurer 

Tax ID: 
 
 [ ] 

Org. ID (if any): 5037331 

Chief Executive Office and Principal Place of Business: 
 
 2600 McCormick Drive 

Clearwater, FL 33759 

NEWCOAST FINANCIAL SERVICES, LLC, 

Signature Page to 
 A R Loan and Security Agreement 

a Delaware limited liability company 
 By: MARINEMAX EAST, INC. 
 the sole member of Newcoast Financial Services, LLC 

By: 
 
 /s/ Michael H. McLamb 

Print Name: 
 
 Michael H. McLamb 

Title: 
 
 President, Secretary, Treasurer 

Tax ID: 
 
 [ ] 

Org. ID (if any): 2920730 8100 

Chief Executive Office and Principal Place of Business: 
 
 2600 McCormick Drive 

Clearwater, FL 33759 

[ ] 
 a Florida limited liability company 
 
 By: MY WEB SERVICES, LLC, 
 the sole member of [ ] 

By: MARINEMAX EAST, INC., 
 the sole member of My Web Services, LLC 

By: 
 
 /s/ Michael H. McLamb 

Print Name: 
 
 Michael H. McLamb 

Title: 
 
 President, Secretary and Treasurer 

Tax ID: 
 
 [ ] 

Org. ID (if any): 4933499 

Chief Executive Office and Principal Place of Business: 
 
 2600 McCormick Drive 

Clearwater, FL 33759 

GULFPORT MARINA, LLC, 
 a Delaware limited liability company 

By: MARINEMAX EAST, INC., 
 the sole member of Gulfport Marina, LLC 

By: 
 
 /s/ Michael H. McLamb 

Print Name: 
 
 Michael H. McLamb 

Title: 
 
 President, Secretary and Treasurer 

Tax ID: 
 
 [ ] 

Org. ID (if any): 4933499 

Chief Executive Office and Principal Place of Business: 
 
 2600 McCormick Drive 

Clearwater, FL 33759 

FWW, LLC, 
 a Florida limited liability company 
 By: MARINEMAX EAST, INC. 
 the sole member of FWW, LLC 

By: 
 
 /s/ Michael H. McLamb 

Print Name: 
 
 Michael H. McLamb 

Title: 
 
 President, Secretary, Treasurer 

Signature Page to 
 A R Loan and Security Agreement 

FRASER YACHTS FLORIDA, INC., 
 a Florida corporation 

By: 
 
 /s/ Jeanne Bruss 

Print Name: 
 
 Jeanne Bruss 

Title: 
 
 Secretary 

FRASER YACHTS CALIFORNIA, 
 a California corporation 

By: 
 
 /s/ Jeanne Bruss 

Print Name: 
 
 Jeanne Bruss 

Title: 
 
 Secretary 

BY HOLDINGS, LLC, 
 a Florida limited liability company 

By: MARINEMAX, INC., 
 the sole member of BY Holdings, LLC 

By: 
 
 /s/ Michael H. McLamb 

Print Name: 
 
 Michael H. McLamb 

Title: 
 
 Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Secretary 

Tax ID: 
 
 [ ] 

Org. ID (if any): L20000015063 

Chief Executive Office and Principal Place of Business: 
 
 2600 McCormick Drive 

Clearwater, FL 33759 

MARINEMAX KW, LLC, 
 a Florida limited liability company 

By: MARINEMAX, INC., 
 the sole member of MARINEMAX KW, LLC 

By: 
 
 /s/ Michael H. McLamb 

Print Name: 
 
 Michael H. McLamb 

Title: 
 
 Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Secretary 

Tax ID: 
 
 [ ] 

Org. ID (if any): L20000014172 

Chief Executive Office and Principal Place of Business: 
 
 2600 McCormick Drive 

Clearwater, FL 33759 

Signature Page to 
 A R Loan and Security Agreement 

NORTHROP JOHNSON YACHTS-SHIPS LLC, 
 a Florida limited liability company 

By: FRASER YACHTS FLORIDA, INC., 
 the sole member of Northrop Johnson Yachts-Ships LLC 

By: 
 
 /s/ Jeanne Bruss 

Print Name: 
 
 Jeanne Bruss 

Title: 
 
 Secretary 

Tax ID: 
 
 [ ] 

Org. ID (if any): L20000178754 

Chief Executive Office and Principal Place of Business: 
 
 2600 McCormick Drive 

Clearwater, FL 33759 

NORTHROP JOHNSON CALIFORNIA INC., 
 a California corporation 

By: 
 
 /s/ Michael H. McLamb 

Print Name: 
 
 Michael H. McLamb 

Title: 
 
 Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Secretary 

Tax ID: 
 
 [ ] 

Org. ID (if any): C4640033 

Chief Executive Office and Principal Place of Business: 
 
 2600 McCormick Drive 

Clearwater, FL 33759 

PERFECT YACHT CHARTER, LLC, 
 a Delaware limited liability company 

By: MARINEMAX, INC., 
 the sole member of Perfect Yacht Charter, LLC 

By: 
 
 /s/ Michael H. McLamb 

Print Name: 
 
 Michael H. McLamb 

Title: 
 
 Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Secretary 

Tax ID: 

Org. ID (if any): 7635815 

Chief Executive Office and Principal Place of Business: 
 
 2600 McCormick Drive 

Clearwater, FL 33759 

Signature Page to 
 A R Loan and Security Agreement 

N J MEDIA, LLC, 
 a Florida limited liability company 

By: MARINEMAX, INC., 
 the sole member of N J Media, LLC 

By: 
 
 /s/ Michael H. McLamb 

Print Name: 
 
 Michael H. McLamb 

Title: 
 
 Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Secretary 

Tax ID: 
 
 [ ] 

Org. ID (if any): L14000127083 

Chief Executive Office and Principal Place of Business: 
 
 2600 McCormick Drive 

Clearwater, FL 33759 

NORTHROP JOHNSON HOLDING LLC, 
 a Florida limited liability company 

By: MARINEMAX, INC., 
 the sole member of Northrop Johnson Holding LLC 

By: 
 
 /s/ Michael H. McLamb 

Print Name: 
 
 Michael H. McLamb 

Title: 
 
 Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Secretary 

Tax ID: 
 
 [ ] 

Org. ID (if any): L20000178843 

Chief Executive Office and Principal Place of Business: 
 
 2600 McCormick Drive 

Clearwater, FL 33759 

N J GROUP, LLC, 
 a Florida limited liability company 

By: NORTHROP JOHNSON HOLDING LLC, 
 the sole member of N J Group, LLC 
 By: MARINEMAX, INC. 
 the sole member of Northrop Johnson Holding LLC 

By: 
 
 /s/ Michael H. McLamb 

Print Name: 
 
 Michael H. McLamb 

Title: 
 
 Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Secretary 

Tax ID: 
 
 [ ] 

Org. ID (if any): L08000085036 

Chief Executive Office and Principal Place of Business: 
 
 2600 McCormick Drive 

Clearwater, FL 33759 

PRIVATE INSURANCE SERVICES, LLC, 
 a Florida limited liability company 

By: MARINEMAX, INC., 
 the sole member of Private Insurance Services, LLC 

By: 
 
 /s/ Michael H. McLamb 

Print Name: 
 
 Michael H. McLamb 

Title: 
 
 Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Secretary 

Tax ID: 
 
 [ ] 

Org. ID (if any): L18000213130 

Chief Executive Office and Principal Place of Business: 
 
 2600 McCormick Drive 

Clearwater, FL 33759 

Signature Page to 
 A R Loan and Security Agreement 

SKIPPER MARINE, LLC, 
 a Wisconsin limited liability company 

By: MARINEMAX, INC., 
 the sole member of Skipper Marine, LLC 

By: 
 
 /s/ Michael H. McLamb 

Print Name: 
 
 Michael H. McLamb 

Title: 
 
 Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Secretary 

Tax ID: 
 
 [ ] 

Org. ID (if any): 1A10749 

Chief Executive Office and Principal Place of Business: 
 
 2600 McCormick Drive 

Clearwater, FL 33759 

SKIPPER BUD S OF ILLINOIS, LLC, 
 An Illinois limited liability company 

By: MARINEMAX, INC., 
 the sole member of Skipper Bud s of Illinois, LLC 

By: 
 
 /s/ Michael H. McLamb 

Print Name: 
 
 Michael H. McLamb 

Title: 
 
 Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Secretary 

Tax ID: 
 
 [ ] 

Org. ID (if any): 09490019 

Chief Executive Office and Principal Place of Business: 
 
 2600 McCormick Drive 

Clearwater, FL 33759 

SKIPPER MARINE OF MADISON, LLC, 
 a Wisconsin limited liability company 

By: MARINEMAX, INC., 
 the sole member of Skipper Marine of Madison, LLC 

By: 
 
 /s/ Michael H. McLamb 

Print Name: 
 
 Michael H. McLamb 

Title: 
 
 Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Secretary 

Tax ID: 
 
 [ ] 

Org. ID (if any): S036987 

Chief Executive Office and Principal Place of Business: 
 
 2600 McCormick Drive 

Clearwater, FL 33759 

SKIPPER MARINE OF FOX VALLEY, LLC, 
 a Wisconsin limited liability company 

By: MARINEMAX, INC., 
 the sole member of Skipper Marine of Fox Valley, LLC 

By: 
 
 /s/ Michael H. McLamb 

Print Name: 
 
 Michael H. McLamb 

Title: 
 
 Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Secretary 

Tax ID: 
 
 [ ] 

Org. ID (if any): S038680 

Chief Executive Office and Principal Place of Business: 
 
 2600 McCormick Drive 

Clearwater, FL 33759 

Signature Page to 
 A R Loan and Security Agreement 

SKIPPER MARINE OF CHICAGO-LAND, LLC, 
 An Illinois limited liability company 

By: MARINEMAX, INC., 
 the sole member of Skipper Marine of Chicago-Land, LLC 

By: 
 
 /s/ Michael H. McLamb 

Print Name: 
 
 Michael H. McLamb 

Title: 
 
 Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Secretary 

Tax ID: 
 
 [ ] 

Org. ID (if any): 09022031 

Chief Executive Office and Principal Place of Business: 
 
 2600 McCormick Drive 

Clearwater, FL 33759 

SKIPPER MARINE OF MICHIGAN, LLC, 
 a Michigan limited liability company 

By: MARINEMAX, INC., 
 the sole member of Skipper Marine of Michigan, LLC 

By: 
 
 /s/ Michael H. McLamb 

Print Name: 
 
 Michael H. McLamb 

Title: 
 
 Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Secretary 

Tax ID: 
 
 [ ] 

Org. ID (if any): 800207832 

Chief Executive Office and Principal Place of Business: 
 
 2600 McCormick Drive 

Clearwater, FL 33759 

SKIPPER MARINE OF OHIO, LLC, 
 An Ohio limited liability company 

By: 
 
 /s/ Michael H. McLamb 

Print Name: 
 
 Michael H. McLamb 

Title: 
 
 Director, and as such, collectively with the other Director, Manager 

By: 

/s/ W. Brett McGill 

Print Name: 
 
 W. Brett McGill 

Title: 
 
 Director, and as such, collectively with the other Director, Manager 

Tax ID: 
 
 [ ] 

Org. ID (if any): 1399147 

Chief Executive Office and Principal Place of Business: 
 
 2600 McCormick Drive 

Clearwater, FL 33759 

SILVER SEAS YACHTS, LLC, 
 An Arizona limited liability company 
 By: MARINEMAX , INC. 
 the sole member of Silver Seas Yachts, LLC 

By: 
 
 /s/ Michael H. McLamb 

Print Name: 
 
 Michael H. McLamb 

Title: 
 
 Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Secretary 

Tax ID: 
 
 [ ] 

Org. ID (if any): 23138411 

Chief Executive Office and Principal Place of Business: 
 
 2600 McCormick Drive 

Clearwater, FL 33759 

Signature Page to 
 A R Loan and Security Agreement 

SILVER SEAS CALIFORNIA, INC., 
 a Florida corporation 

By: 
 
 /s/ Michael H. McLamb 

Print Name: 
 
 Michael H. McLamb 

Title: 
 
 Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Secretary 

Tax ID: 
 
 [ ] 

Org. ID (if any): P20000084568 

Chief Executive Office and Principal Place of Business: 
 
 2600 McCormick Drive 

Clearwater, FL 33759 

MARINEMAX PRODUCTS, INC., 
 a Florida corporation 

By: 
 
 /s/ Michael H. McLamb 

Print Name: 
 
 Michael H. McLamb 

Title: 
 
 President, Secretary, Treasurer 

Tax ID: 
 
 [ ] 

Org. ID (if any): P21000037073 

Chief Executive Office and Principal Place of Business: 
 
 2600 McCormick Drive 

Clearwater, FL 33759 

KCS INTERNATIONAL INC., 
 A Wisconsin corporation 

By: 
 
 /s/ Michael H. McLamb 

Print Name: 
 
 Michael H. McLamb 

Title: 
 
 President, Secretary, Treasurer 

Tax ID: 

Org. ID (if any): S043833 

Chief Executive Office and Principal Place of Business: 
 
 2600 McCormick Drive 

Clearwater, FL 33759 

NISSWA MARINE, INC., 
 A Minnesota corporation 

By: 
 
 /s/ Michael H. McLamb 

Print Name: 
 
 Michael H. McLamb 

Title: 
 
 President, Secretary, Treasurer 

Tax ID: 
 
 [ ] 

Org. ID (if any): 3K-654 

Chief Executive Office and Principal Place of Business: 
 
 2600 McCormick Drive 

Clearwater, FL 33759 

Signature Page to 
 A R Loan and Security Agreement 

AGENT AND LENDER: 

WELLS FARGO COMMERCIAL DISTRIBUTION FINANCE, LLC 

By: 

Print Name: 

Title: 
 
 Duly Authorized Signatory 

LENDERS: 

BANK OF THE WEST, INC. 

By: 

Print Name: 

Title: 

M T BANK 

By: 

Print Name: 

Title: 

TRUIST BANK 

By: 

Print Name: 

Title: 

[Note to MarineMax: Please completely fill out the signature blocks for each bank.] 
 
 Signature Page to 
 A R Loan and Security Agreement 

Exhibit A 
 Existing Liens 

Debtor 
 
 Secured Party 
 
 Lease or Collateral Description 
 
 Jurisdiction 
 
 Amount of Indebtedness 
 
 Filing Date 
 
 Financing Statement Number 

MarineMax, Inc. 
 
 Manhattan Telephone Company 
 
 Specified items of equipment 
 
 Florida 
 
 NA Precautionary lease filing 
 
 07/29/2019 
 
 20190925535X 

MarineMax, Inc. 
 
 Manhattan Telecommunications Corporation 
 
 Specified items of equipment 
 
 Florida 
 
 NA Precautionary lease filing 
 
 08/15/2019 
 
 201909411319 

MarineMax, Inc. 
 
 Manhattan Telecommunications Corporation 
 
 Specified items of equipment 
 
 Florida 
 
 NA Precautionary lease filing 
 
 10/29/2019 
 
 201900016409 

MarineMax, Inc. 
 
 Manhattan Telecommunications Corporation 
 
 Specified items of equipment 
 
 Florida 
 
 NA Precautionary lease filing 
 
 11/13/2019 
 
 201900139764 

MarineMax, Inc. 
 
 MetTel 
 
 Specified items of equipment 
 
 Florida 
 
 NA Precautionary lease filing 
 
 12/16/2019 
 
 201900404522 

MarineMax East, Inc. 
 
 Bank of the West 
 
 Hyundi forklift and all related equipment leased or financed from Bank of the West set forth in Agreement # 2236723. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 NA Precautionary lease filing 
 
 03/19/2019 
 
 20191926174 

MarineMax East, Inc./Gulfport Marina, LLC 
 
 Hancock Whitney Bank 
 
 Mortgage-related filing relating to property in various counties 
 
 Delaware 
 
 27,583,888 
 
 11/16/2020 
 
 20208000962 

Exhibit A 

Debtor 
 
 Secured Party 
 
 Lease or Collateral Description 
 
 Jurisdiction 
 
 Amount of Indebtedness 
 
 Filing Date 
 
 Financing Statement Number 

Silver Seas Yachts, Inc./Silver Seas Yachts LLC 
 
 Skipper Marine Holdings, Inc.; Skipper Marine Corp; Skipper Marine of Fox Valley, Inc.; Skipper Marine of Madison, Inc.; Skipper Marine of Chicago-Land, Inc.; Skipper Bud's of Illinois, Inc.; Skipper Marine of Michigan, Inc.; Skipper Bud's of Chicago, Inc.; Skipper Real Estate Holdings, Inc.; Skipper Marine of Ohio, LLC; P-E Realty II, LLC/ collat asst to Wells Fargo Commercial Distribution Finance, LLC. 
 
 Intercompany consignment agreement 
 subject to (i) a security interest granted by secured party to GE Commercial Distribution Finance Corporation, and (ii) a security interest or consignment interest granted by debtor to secured party 
 Asst to Wells is a collateral assignment for power to authorize an amendment. 
 
 Arizona 
 
 NA Consignment filing 
 
 09/07/2018 
 
 201800363911 

Skipper Marine Corp/Skipper Marine, LLC 
 
 Windsor Craft Sales, LLC/assignment of authorizing UCC amendment to collateral security to GE Commercial Distribution Finance Corporation/Wells Fargo Commercial Distribution Finance, LLC 
 
 This financing statement is filed to give notice that (a) secured party has consigned or otherwise delivered, and/or may from time to time in the future consign or otherwise deliver, to debtor inventory and other goods pursuant to a consignment arrangement between secured party and debtor, and (b) the consigned inventory and other goods - and all attachments, exchanges, replacement parts and additions thereto and all instruments, chattel paper, accounts, other payment rights, general intangibles and all cash and non-cash proceeds (including trade-ins and insurance proceeds) of the foregoing are subject to (i) a security interest granted by secured party to GE Commercial Distribution Finance Corporation, and (ii) a security interest or consignment interest granted by debtor to secured party. 
 
 Wisconsin 
 
 NA Consignment filing 
 
 02/19/2009 
 
 090002141311 

Exhibit A 

Debtor 
 
 Secured Party 
 
 Lease or Collateral Description 
 
 Jurisdiction 
 
 Amount of Indebtedness 
 
 Filing Date 
 
 Financing Statement Number 

Skipper Marine Corp. 
 
 Marquis Yachts, LLC / Northpoint Commercial Finance LLC 
 
 All of Debtor's inventory, equipment, and fixtures that are consigned by Secured Party, including, without limitation, boats, boat motors, marine accessories, marine parts, and other marine products; and related collateral 
 
 Wisconsin 
 
 NA Consignment filing 
 
 01/10/2014 
 
 140000491317 

Exhibit A 

Exhibit B 
 Permitted Locations 

Location Name 
 
 Lot Code 
 
 Address Line 1 
 
 City 
 
 State 
 
 Zip Code 
 
 Phone Numbers 

CORPORATE HEADQUARTERS 
 
 MM 
 
 2600 MCCORMICK DR, STE 200 
 
 CLEARWATER 
 
 FL 
 
 33759 
 
 727-531-1700 

MARINEMAX CUMMING 
 
 SM2 
 
 1860 BALD RIDGE MARINE ROAD 
 
 CUMMING 
 
 GA 
 
 30041 
 
 770-781-9370 

MARINEMAX GULF SHORES PARKWAY 
 
 OB 
 
 3829 GULF SHORES PARKWAY 
 
 GULF SHORES 
 
 AL 
 
 36542 
 
 251-981-1113 

MARINEMAX LEWISVILLE YACHTS AND SERVICE 
 
 LLV 
 
 1481 E HILL PARK RD 
 
 LEWISVILLE 
 
 TX 
 
 75056 
 
 973-436-9979 

MARINEMAX LEWISVILLE/DALLAS 
 
 DAL 
 
 1490 N STEMMONS FREEWAY 
 
 LEWISVILLE 
 
 TX 
 
 75067 
 
 972-436-9979 

MARINEMAX SEABROOK 
 
 NAS 
 
 3001 NASA PARKWAY 
 
 SEABROOK 
 
 TX 
 
 77586 
 
 281-326-4224 

MARINEMAX SOUTHPORT MARINA 
 
 NC6 
 
 606 WEST STREET, STE 107 
 
 SOUTHPORT 
 
 NC 
 
 28461 
 
 201-515-4122 

MARINEMAX WRIGHTSVILLE BEACH 
 
 SB 
 
 130 SHORT STREET 
 
 WRIGHTSVILLE BEACH 
 
 NC 
 
 28480 
 
 910-256-8100 

MARINEMAX BREVARD (COCOA) 
 
 BVD 
 
 1410 KING STREET 
 
 COCOA 
 
 FL 
 
 32922 
 
 321-636-3142 

MARINEMAX CAPE HAZE (PALM ISLAND) 
 
 PMI 
 
 7090 PLACIDA ROAD 
 
 CAPE HAZE 
 
 FL 
 
 33946 
 
 941-697-2161 

MARINEMAX CLEARWATER 
 
 CW 
 
 18025 US 19 NORTH 
 
 CLEARWATER 
 
 FL 
 
 33764 
 
 727-536-2628 

MARINEMAX DANIA BEACH 
 
 MYSD 
 
 490 TAYLOR LANE 
 
 DANIA BEACH 
 
 FL 
 
 33004 
 
 954-926-0309 

MARINEMAX FT MYERS 
 
 FT 
 
 14070 MCGREGOR BOULEVARD 
 
 FORT MYERS 
 
 FL 
 
 33919 
 
 239-481-8200 

MARINEMAX MIAMI 
 
 MIA 
 
 700 NE 79TH STREET 
 
 MIAMI 
 
 FL 
 
 33138 
 
 305-758-5786 

MARINEMAX NAPLES RETAIL SALES 
 
 NAP 
 
 1146 6TH AVENUE SOUTH 
 
 NAPLES 
 
 FL 
 
 34102 
 
 239-262-1000 

MARINEMAX OCEAN REEF 
 
 ORC 
 
 2 FISHING VILLAGE DRIVE 
 
 KEY LARGO 
 
 FL 
 
 33037 
 
 305-367-3969 

MARINEMAX POMPANO BEACH RETAIL SALES 
 
 POM 
 
 700 SOUTH FEDERAL HIGHWAY 
 
 POMPANO BEACH 
 
 FL 
 
 33062 
 
 954-783-9555 

MARINEMAX POMPANO YACHT CENTER 
 
 PYC 
 
 750 SOUTH FEDERAL HIGHWAY 
 
 POMPANO BEACH 
 
 FL 
 
 33062 
 
 954-618-0440 

MARINEMAX SARASOTA RETAIL SALES 
 
 CIT 
 
 1601 KEN THOMPSON PARKWAY 
 
 SARASOTA 
 
 FL 
 
 34236 
 
 941-388-4411 

MARINEMAX ST PETERSBURG YACHT AND SERVICE CENTER 
 
 MYSC 
 
 6810 GULFPORT BOULEVARD 
 
 SOUTH PASADENA 
 
 FL 
 
 33707 
 
 727-343-6520 

MARINEMAX STUART SALES AND SERVICE 
 
 STU 
 
 2370 SW PALM CITY ROAD 
 
 STUART 
 
 FL 
 
 34994 
 
 772-287-4495 

MARINEMAX VENICE RETAIL SALES 
 
 VEN 
 
 1485 S TAMIAMI TRAIL 
 
 VENICE 
 
 FL 
 
 34285 
 
 941-485-3388 

MARINEMAX BAYPORT 
 
 CMB 
 
 200 FIFTH AVENUE SOUTH 
 
 BAYPORT 
 
 MN 
 
 55003 
 
 651-351-9621 

MARINEMAX CATAWBA ISLAND 
 
 TCM 
 
 1991 NE CATAWBA ROAD 
 
 PORT CLINTON 
 
 OH 
 
 43452 
 
 419-797-4492 

MARINEMAX LAKE OZARK 
 
 LOZ 
 
 3070 BAGNELL DAM BLVD 
 
 LAKE OZARK 
 
 MO 
 
 65049 
 
 573-365-5382 

MARINEMAX ROGERS 
 
 CMR 
 
 20300 COUNTY ROAD 81, PO BOX 250 
 
 ROGERS 
 
 MN 
 
 55374 
 
 763-428-4126 

MARINEMAX BALTIMORE YACHT SALES AND SERVICE CENTER 
 
 MD3 
 
 1800 S CLINTON STREET 
 
 BALTIMORE 
 
 MD 
 
 21224 
 
 410-732-1260 

MARINEMAX KENT ISLAND 
 
 MD4 
 
 428 KENT NARROWS WAY NORTH 
 
 GRASONVILLE 
 
 MD 
 
 21638 
 
 410-732-1260 

MARINEMAX BRANT BEACH SERVICE 
 
 MBB 
 
 20 W 44TH STREET 
 
 BRANT BEACH 
 
 NJ 
 
 08008 
 
 609-494-2838 

Exhibit B 

Location Name 
 
 Lot Code 
 
 Address Line 1 
 
 City 
 
 State 
 
 Zip Code 
 
 Phone Numbers 

MARINEMAX BRICK 
 
 BNJ 
 
 1500 RIVERSIDE DR (A/K/A 101 RIVERSIDE DR N) 
 
 BRICK 
 
 NJ 
 
 08724 
 
 732-840-2100 

MARINEMAX HUNTINGTON 
 
 NY5 
 
 155 WEST SHORE ROAD 
 
 HUNTINGTON 
 
 NY 
 
 11743 
 
 631-424-2710 

MARINEMAX LAKE HOPATCONG 
 
 HOP 
 
 134 ESPANONG ROAD 
 
 LAKE HOPATCONG 
 
 NJ 
 
 07849 
 
 973-663-2045 

MARINEMAX NORWALK 
 
 CT1 
 
 130 WATER STREET 
 
 NORWALK 
 
 CT 
 
 06854 
 
 888-254-1796 

MARINEMAX SHIP BOTTOM 
 
 MLB 
 
 214 WEST 9TH STREET 
 
 SHIP BOTTOM 
 
 NJ 
 
 08008 
 
 609-494-2102 

MARINEMAX MIAMI SERVICE 
 
 MIA 
 
 840 NE 78TH STREET 
 
 MIAMI 
 
 FL 
 
 33138 
 
 305-758-5786 

MARINEMAX SOMERS POINT 
 
 MSP 
 
 600 BAY AVENUE 
 
 SOMERS POINT 
 
 NJ 
 
 08244 
 
 609-926-0600 

MARINEMAX MAYS LANDING SERVICE 
 
 MML 
 
 1201 SOMERS POINT, RT 559 
 
 EGG HARBOR 
 
 NJ 
 
 08234 
 
 609-625-1099 

MARINEMAX PANAMA CITY 
 
 FL7 
 
 3605 THOMAS DRIVE 
 
 PANAMA CITY BEACH 
 
 FL 
 
 32408 
 
 850-234-6533 

MARINEMAX OSAGE BEACH 
 
 MCP 
 
 4543 OSAGE BEACH PARKWAY 
 
 OSAGE BEACH 
 
 MO 
 
 65065 
 
 573-348-1299 

MARINEMAX NEWPORT 
 
 RI1 
 
 10 BOWEN'S WHARF 
 
 NEWPORT 
 
 RI 
 
 02840 
 
 401-849-2243 

MARINEMAX CONNETICUT 
 
 CT2 
 
 627 BOSTON POST ROAD 
 
 WESTBROOK 
 
 CT 
 
 06498 
 
 860-399-5581 

MARINEMAX OF ORLANDO 
 
 OLN 
 
 455 S LAKE DESTINY RD 
 
 ORLANDO 
 
 FL 
 
 32810 
 
 407-660-2628 

MARINEMAX FT MYERS 
 
 FT 
 
 14030 MCGREGOR BLVD 
 
 FORT MYERS 
 
 FL 
 
 33919 
 
 239-454-2628 

MARINEMAX LAKE TEXOMA 
 
 LTX 
 
 120 TEXOMA HARBOR DR 
 
 POTTSBORO 
 
 TX 
 
 75076 
 
 972-436-9979 

MARINEMAX PENSACOLA 
 
 KM 
 
 1901 CYPRESS STREET 
 
 PENSACOLA 
 
 FL 
 
 32502 
 
 850-477-1112 

MARINEMAX PALM BEACH 
 
 NPB 
 
 2385 PGA BOULEVARD 
 
 PALM BEACH GARDENS 
 
 FL 
 
 33410 
 
 561-694-5815 

MARINEMAX DANVERS 
 
 NE2 
 
 10 HUTCHINSON DRIVE 
 
 DANVERS 
 
 MA 
 
 01923 
 
 781-395-0050 

MARINEMAX JACKSONVILLE BEACH 
 
 FL3 
 
 2079 BEACH BOULEVARD 
 
 JACKSONVILLE BEACH 
 
 FL 
 
 32250 
 
 904-338-9970 

MARINEMAX WAKEFIELD 
 
 NE3 
 
 362 POND STREET 
 
 WAKEFIELD 
 
 RI 
 
 02879 
 
 781-875-3619 

MARINEMAX EXCELSIOR 
 
 CMZ 
 
 141 MINNETONKA BOULEVARD 
 
 EXCELSIOR 
 
 MN 
 
 55331 
 
 952-346-4857 

MARINEMAX LAKE WYLIE 
 
 HM2 
 
 310 BLUCHER CIR 
 
 LAKE WYLIE 
 
 SC 
 
 29710 
 
 803-831-2101 

MARINEMAX THUNDERBOLT 
 
 HM7 
 
 3518 OLD TYBEE RD 
 
 THUNDERBOLT 
 
 GA 
 
 31410 
 
 912-897-9881 

MARINEMAX THUNDERBOLT 
 
 HM7 
 
 188 OLD TYBEE RD 
 
 THUNDERBOLT 
 
 GA 
 
 31410 
 
 912-897-9881 

MARINEMAX CORNELIUS 
 
 HM1 
 
 9209 WESTMORELAND RD 
 
 CORNELIUS 
 
 NC 
 
 28031 
 
 704-892-9676 

MARINEMAX GREENVILLE 
 
 HM3 
 
 14 BURTY RD 
 
 GREENVILLE 
 
 SC 
 
 29605 
 
 864-236-9005 

MARINEMAX CHARLESTON 
 
 HM5 
 
 142 SPORTSMAN'S ISLAND DRIVE 
 
 CHARLESTON 
 
 SC 
 
 29492 
 
 843-747-1889 

MARINEMAX ISLAND MARINE CENTER 
 
 IM1 
 
 2602 SHORE RD (RTE 9) 
 
 OCEAN VIEW 
 
 NJ 
 
 08230 
 
 609-624-1117 

MARINEMAX NORTH SOMERS POINT 
 
 IM1 
 
 7 KAPELLA AVE (BLOCK 1008, LOT 3 BLOCK 1007, LOT 2) 
 
 SOMERS POINT 
 
 NJ 
 
 08244 
 
 609-926-0600 

MARINEMAX GRAND LAKE 
 
 GLC 
 
 56300 E 280 RD 
 
 MONKEY ISLAND 
 
 OK 
 
 74331 
 
 918-782-3277 

MARINEMAX BOSTON 
 
 NE1 
 
 64 WASHINGTON STREET 
 
 QUINCY 
 
 MA 
 
 02169 
 
 617-288-1000 

Exhibit B 

Location Name 
 
 Lot Code 
 
 Address Line 1 
 
 City 
 
 State 
 
 Zip Code 
 
 Phone Numbers 

MARINEMAX FORT WALTON BEACH 
 
 FWB 
 
 6-22 MIRACLE STRIP PKWY 
 
 FORT WALTON BEACH 
 
 FL 
 
 32548 
 
 850-760-0300 

MARINEMAX SAIL AND SKI CENTER 
 
 SSA 
 
 12971 RESEARCH BLVD 
 
 AUSTIN 
 
 TX 
 
 78750 
 
 512-258-0733 

MARINEMAX SAIL AND SKI CENTER 
 
 SAN 
 
 141 BALCONES NORTH 
 
 SAN ANTONIO 
 
 TX 
 
 78201 
 
 210-734-8199 

5400 HUDSON BEND RD 
 
 AUSTIN 
 
 TX 
 
 78734 

15911 EDWARDS DRIVE 
 
 AUSTIN 
 
 TX 
 
 78734 

MARINEMAX SAIL AND SKI CENTER 
 
 LBJ 
 
 15616 STEWART ROAD 
 
 LAKEWAY 
 
 TX 
 
 78734 
 
 512-266-1515 

SKIPPER BUDS OF ILLINOIS, INC. 
 
 NP 
 
 215 NORTH POINT DRIVE 
 
 WINTHROP HARBOR 
 
 IL 
 
 60096 
 
 847-872-3200 

SKIPPER MARINE CORP. 
 
 PW 
 
 1030 SILVERNAIL ROAD 
 
 PEWAUKEE 
 
 WI 
 
 53072 
 
 262544-1200 

SKIPPER MARINE CORP. 
 
 MW 
 
 1919 SOUTH MARINA DRIVE 
 
 MILWAUKEE 
 
 WI 
 
 53704 
 
 414-482-0900 

SKIPPER MARINE OF FOX VALLEY, INC. 
 
 OK 
 
 1351 EGG HARBOR LANE 
 
 OSHKOSH 
 
 WI 
 
 54904 
 
 920-231-3200 

SKIPPER MARINE OF MADISON, INC. 
 
 MAD 
 
 5381 WESTPORT ROAD 
 
 MADISON 
 
 WI 
 
 53704 
 
 608-246-2628 

SKIPPER MARINE OF MICHIGAN, INC. 
 
 BC 
 
 1809 SOUTH WATER STREET 
 
 BAY CITY 
 
 MI 
 
 48708 
 
 920-743-6900 

SKIPPER MARINE OF MICHIGAN, INC. 
 
 BMH 
 
 41700 CONGER BAY DRIVE 
 
 HARRISON TOWNSHIP 
 
 MI 
 
 48045 
 
 586-954-3100 

SKIPPER MARINE OF CHICAGO-LAND, INC. 
 
 CSR 
 
 31535 N US HIGHWAY 12 
 
 LAKEMOOR 
 
 IL 
 
 60073 

SKIPPER MARINE OF CHICAGO-LAND, INC. 

2717 DEBORAH ST 
 
 ZION 
 
 IL 
 
 60099 
 
 847-746-4907 

SKIPPER MARINE OF MICHIGAN, INC. 
 
 LF 
 
 14016 FENTON RD 
 
 FENTON 
 
 MI 
 
 48430 
 
 810-714-3570 

SKIPPER MARINE OF OHIO, INC. 
 
 MDI 
 
 6801 E HARBOR RD 
 
 MARBLEHEAD 
 
 OH 
 
 43440 
 
 419-732-2587 

SILVER SEAS CALIFORNIA, INC. 
 
 SD 
 
 2385 SHELTER ISLAND DR 
 
 SAN DIEGO 
 
 CA 
 
 92106 
 
 619-453-0423 

SKIPPER MARINE CORP. 
 
 QDM 
 
 705 QUARTERDECK LANE 
 
 STURGEON BAY 
 
 WI 
 
 54235 
 
 920-746-8200 

133 NORTH MADISON AVE. 
 
 STURGEON BAY 
 
 WI 
 
 54235 
 
 920-746-8200 

SKIPPER MARINE OF MICHIGAN, INC. 
 
 GH 
 
 11 HARBOR ISLAND DR 
 
 GRAND HAVEN 
 
 MI 
 
 49417 
 
 616-997-2628 

SILVER SEAS CALIFORNIA, INC. 
 
 NB 
 
 301 SHIPYARD WAY 
 
 NEWPORT BEACH 
 
 CA 
 
 92663 
 
 949-274-9082 

SILVER SEAS CALIFORNIA, INC. 
 
 SAU 
 
 300 HARBOR DR., STE 8 
 
 SAUSALITO 
 
 CA 
 
 94965 
 
 415-367-4022 

SKIPPER MARINE OF CHICAGO-LAND, INC. 
 
 LG 
 
 W6799 BRICK CHURCH RD 
 
 WALWORTH 
 
 WI 
 
 53184 
 
 262-581-4252 

SKIPPER MARINE CORP. 
 
 SEA 
 
 901 FAIRVIEW AVE NORTH, CTE C155 
 
 SEATTLE 
 
 WA 
 
 98109 
 
 206-508-4458 

SILVER SEAS CALIFORNIA, INC. 

2000 WEST COAST HIGHWAY 
 
 NEWPORT BEACH 
 
 CA 
 
 92663 
 
 949-238-6019 

SKIPPER MARINE OF CHICAGO-LAND, INC. 
 
 SEQ 
 
 1000 W IL ROUTE 173 
 
 ANTIOCH 
 
 IL 
 
 60002 
 
 847-872-0292 

SKIPPER MARINE OF MICHIGAN, INC. 

16880 148TH AVE 
 
 SPRING LAKE 
 
 MI 
 
 49456 
 
 847-872-0292 

SKIPPER MARINE OF MICHIGAN, INC. 
 
 CLM 
 
 3981 CASS ELIZABETH RD 
 
 WATERFORD 
 
 MI 
 
 48328 
 
 248-683-0200 

SILVER SEAS YACHTS, LLC 
 
 FLL 
 
 1515 SE 17TH ST. SUITE A-111 
 
 FORT LAUDERDALE 
 
 FL 
 
 33316 
 
 954-280-2575 

SKIPPER MARINE OF MICHIGAN, INC. 

5233 DIXIE HWY 
 
 WATERFORD 
 
 MI 
 
 48329 
 
 248-683-0200 

SILVER SEAS YACHTS, LLC 

2323 W. STATE RD 84 
 
 FORT LAUDERDALE 
 
 FL 
 
 33312 
 
 954-280-2575 

Exhibit B 

Location Name 
 
 Lot Code 
 
 Address Line 1 
 
 City 
 
 State 
 
 Zip Code 
 
 Phone Numbers 

SILVER SEAS YACHTS, LLC 

2900 T AVE SUITE B 
 
 ANACORTES 
 
 WA 
 
 98221 
 
 206-754-4554 

SILVER SEAS YACHTS, LLC 

1019 Q AVE., SUITE C 
 
 ANACORTES 
 
 WA 
 
 98221 
 
 206-754-4554 

SILVER SEAS CALIFORNIA, INC. 

700 LIDO PARK DRIVE 
 
 NEWPORT BEACH 
 
 CA 
 
 92663 
 
 949-238-6019 

BAY HARBOR YACHT CLUB 

4300 VISTA DRIVE 
 
 BAY HARBOR 
 
 MI 
 
 49770 
 
 586-630-5824 

GOLDEN MAST INN 

W349 N5293 LACY LANE 
 
 OKAUCHEE 
 
 WI 
 
 53069 
 
 412-482-0900 

CRUISERS PLANT 

804 PECOR ST. 
 
 OCONTO 
 
 WI 
 
 54153 
 
 920-835-6400 

CRUISERS PLANT 

700 GLENBROOK DR. 
 
 PULASKI 
 
 WI 
 
 54162 
 
 920-835-6400 

CRUISERS PLANT 

850 GLENBROOK DR. 
 
 PULASKI 
 
 WI 
 
 54162 
 
 920-835-6400 

NISSWA MARINE, LLC 
 
 CMO 
 
 24238 SMILEY ROAD 
 
 NISSWA 
 
 MN 
 
 56468 
 
 800-346-2292 

NISSWA MARINE, LLC 
 
 CMO 
 
 5112 NORTHSTAR LANE 
 
 NISSWA 
 
 MN 
 
 56468 
 
 800-346-2292 

NISSWA MARINE, LLC 
 
 CMO 
 
 7568 CROCKER LANE 
 
 LAKESHORE 
 
 MN 
 
 56468 
 
 800-346-2292 

NISSWA MARINE, LLC 
 
 CMO 
 
 1951 LOVE LAKE ROAD 
 
 BRAINERD 
 
 MN 
 
 56401 
 
 800-346-2292 

NISSWA MARINE, LLC 
 
 CMO 
 
 30505 OLSON STREET 
 
 PEQUOT LAKES 
 
 MN 
 
 56472 
 
 800-346-2292 

NISSWA MARINE, LLC 
 
 CMO 
 
 25284 SMILEY ROAD 
 
 NISSWA 
 
 MN 
 
 56468 
 
 800-346-2292 

NISSWA MARINE, LLC 
 
 CMO 
 
 8105 LOST LAKE ROAD 
 
 LAKE SHORE 
 
 MN 
 
 56468 
 
 800-346-2292 

Exhibit B 

Exhibit C 
 Form of Compliance Certificate 
 
 All calculations based on Financial Statement dated MM/DD/YY 
 Calculation of Tangible Net Worth 

Calculation of Debt 

Exhibit C 

Leverage Ratio Covenant 6(c)(i) 

Calculation of Current Ratio 
 
 Current Ratio Covenant 6(c)(ii) 

The undersigned hereby certifies that I have no knowledge that a Default has occurred and is continuing. 
 MarineMax, Inc. 
 By:____________________________________ 
 Title:__________________________________ 
 
 Exhibit C 

Exhibit D 
 Lender s Allocations and Ratable Share 

Lender 
 
 Allocation 
 
 Ratable Share 

CDF 
 
 275,000,000 
 
 55.000000000 

Bank of the West, Inc. 
 
 60,000,000 
 
 12.000000000 

M T Bank 
 
 130,000,000 
 
 26.000000000 

Truist Bank 
 
 35,000,000 
 
 7.000000000 

TOTAL 
 
 500,000,000 
 
 100.000000000 

Exhibit D 

Exhibit E 
 Agent Wire Instructions 
 [ ] 
 
 Exhibit E 

Exhibit F 
 Trigger Compliance Certificate 

[Note to MarineMax: Do you have this image in Word or Excel format? We previously redacted the 25,000) after EBITDA and (>+1.20x) after FCCR.] 

Exhibit F 

Exhibit G 
 Form of Borrowing Base Certificate 

Agent for Dealers: 
 
 MarineMax, Inc. 

Collateral Report Date: 

Maximum Credit Amount: 
 
 500,000,000.00 

Certificate Date: 

Inventory Report Total: 
 
 - 

New Inventory Collateral 

Age of Collateral 
 
 Total Collateral 

Advance Rate 
 
 Eligible Amount 

0 - 180 days 
 
 - 

100 
 
 - 

181 - 360 days 
 
 - 

90 
 
 - 

361 - 540 days 
 
 - 

80 
 
 - 

541 - 720 days 
 
 - 

70 
 
 - 

721 - 900 days 
 
 - 

60 
 
 - 

901 - 1079 days 
 
 - 

50 
 
 - 

1080+ days 
 
 - 

0 
 
 - 

Ineligibles 
 
 - 

0 
 
 - 

Total 
 
 - 

Total 
 
 - 

New KCS International Collateral 

Age of Collateral 
 
 Total Collateral 

Advance Rate 
 
 Eligible Amount 

0 - 180 days 
 
 - 

62 
 
 - 

181 - 360 days 
 
 - 

52 
 
 - 

361 - 540 days 
 
 - 

42 
 
 - 

541 - 720 days 
 
 - 

32 
 
 - 

721 - 900 days 
 
 - 

22 
 
 - 

901 - 1079 days 
 
 - 

12 
 
 - 

1080+ days 
 
 - 

0 
 
 - 

Ineligibles 
 
 - 

0 
 
 - 

Total 
 
 - 

Total 
 
 - 

New Inventory Collateral > 72 feet 

Age of Collateral 
 
 Total Collateral 

Advance Rate 
 
 Eligible Amount 

0 - 180 days 
 
 - 

80 
 
 - 

181 - 360 days 
 
 - 

70 
 
 - 

361 - 540 days 
 
 - 

60 
 
 - 

541 - 720 days 
 
 - 

50 
 
 - 

721 - 900 days 
 
 - 

40 
 
 - 

901 - 1079 days 
 
 - 

30 
 
 - 

1080+ days 
 
 - 

0 
 
 - 

Ineligibles 
 
 - 

0 
 
 - 

Total 
 
 - 

Total 
 
 - 

Pre-owned Inventory Collateral 

Age of Collateral 
 
 Total Collateral 

Advance Rate 
 
 Eligible Amount 

0 - 180 days 
 
 - 

85 
 
 - 

181 - 360 days 
 
 - 

75 
 
 - 

361+ days 
 
 - 

0 
 
 - 

Ineligibles 
 
 - 

0 
 
 - 

Total 
 
 - 

Total 
 
 - 

Pre-owned Inventory Reserve ) 
 
 0 

Pre-owned Inventory Reserve ) 
 
 - 

Eligible Pre-owned Inventory Collateral 
 
 - 

Exhibit G 

Total Inventory Collateral 
 
 - 

Total Eligible Inventory 
 
 - 

Compliant with Collateral Block Triggers? 
 
 Yes 

Less: Collateral Block 
 
 - 

Net Eligible Inventory Amount 
 
 - 

Accounts 

Total Collateral 

Advance Rate 
 
 Eligible Amount 

Eligible Accounts 
 
 - 

80 
 
 - 

Ineligible Accounts 
 
 - 

0 
 
 - 

Total 
 
 - 

Total 
 
 - 

Parts 

Total Collateral 

Advance Rate 
 
 Eligible Amount 

Eligible Parts 
 
 - 

50 
 
 - 

Ineligible Parts 
 
 - 

0 
 
 - 

Total 
 
 - 

Total 
 
 - 

Borrowing Base 
 
 - 

Maximum Credit Amount 
 
 500,000,000.00 

Lesser of Borrowing Base or Max Cred Amt less App 
 
 - 

less: Approvals 
 
 - 

Less: Kawasaki Reserve 
 
 500,000.00 

Maximum Credit Amount less Approvals 
 
 500,000,000.00 

Less: Rent Reserve 
 
 - 

Less: inventory > 750M in excess of sublimit 
 
 - 

Less: inventory > 72' in excess of sublimit 
 
 - 

Less: Foreign OEM inventory in excess of sublimit 
 
 - 

Less: pre-owned inventory in excess of sublimit 
 
 - 

Final Eligible Amount 
 
 (500,000.00) 

Loans Outstandings as of: 

outstanding principal amount of Obligations 
 
 - 

Less: pmts rec'd by Lender but not applied 

payment # 
 
 - 

payment # 
 
 - 

payment # 
 
 - 

Total Loan Deductions 
 
 - 

Net amount of Obligations 
 
 - 

Availability (Amount Due) 
 
 (500,000.00) 

Total Eligible Inventory Sublimits 

Compliant? 

Aggregate of all units with a valuation > 750,000 

- 
 
 250,000,000.00 
 
 YES 

Aggregate of all units > 72' 

- 
 
 75,000,000.00 
 
 YES 

Inventory purchased from a Foreign OEM (excl. Azimut Galeon) 

- 
 
 125,000,000.00 
 
 YES 

Pre-owned units 

- 
 
 75,000,000.00 
 
 YES 

Exhibit G 

This Borrowing Base Certificate and supporting documentation (collectively, this " Certificate ") is delivered in accordance with that certain Amended Loan and Security Agreement (the " Agreement "; capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall have the same definition as set forth in the Agreement), dated July 9 , 2021, between Wells Fargo Commercial Distribution Finance LLC, as Agent and Lender (" Agent "), the other Lenders party thereto from time to time (along with Agent, the Lenders ), MarineMax, Inc. MarineMax and the other Dealers party thereto (collectively, the " Dealers "), as from time to time amended. By executing this Certificate, MarineMax, individually and on behalf of the other Dealers, (a) represents and warrants to Agent and the Lenders that the information contained in this Certificate is true and correct in all material respects and that no Default has occurred, including, but not limited to, violation of any of the financial covenants contained in the Agreement, and (b) hereby ratifies, confirms and affirms all of the terms, conditions and provisions of the Agreement 

Agent: 
 
 MarineMax, Inc. 

Signature : 

Date : 

Exhibit G 

</EX-10.7C>

<EX-21>
 5
 hzo-ex21_15.htm
 EX-21

hzo-ex21_15.htm

Exhibit 21 
 LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES 
 The following is a list of directly or indirectly wholly-owned subsidiaries of MarineMax, Inc., omitting some subsidiaries which, considered in the aggregate, would not constitute a significant subsidiary. 

Name 

State or Jurisdiction of 
 Incorporation or Organization 

MarineMax East, Inc. (1) 

Delaware 

MarineMax Services, Inc. (2) 

Delaware 

MarineMax Northeast, LLC (2) 

Delaware 

Boating Gear Center, LLC (2) 

Delaware 

US Liquidators, LLC (1) 

Delaware 

Newcoast Financial Services, LLC (2) 

Delaware 

My Web Services, LLC (2) 

Delaware 

MarineMax Charter Services, LLC (2) 

Delaware 

MarineMax Vacations, LTD. (2) 

British Virgin Islands 

Gulfport Marina, LLC (2) 

Delaware 

FWW, LLC (2) 

Florida 

FWW, UK Limited (3) 

United Kingdom 

Fraser Yachts Florida, Inc. (3) 

Florida 

TCN Antibes S.A.R.L. (4) 

France 

Fraser Yachts Limited (4) 

United Kingdom 

Fraser Worldwide S.A.M. (4) 

Monaco 

Fraser Yachts Group S.R.L. (4) 

Italy 

Fraser Yachts Spain SLU (4) 

Spain 

Fraser Yachts California, Inc. (5) 

California 

Northrop Johnson Holding, LLC, (1) 

Florida 

Private Insurance Services, LLC (1) 

Florida 

Northrop Johnson France E.U.R.L. (6) 

France 

Northrop Johnson Monaco S.A.M. (7) 

Monaco 

Skipper Marine of Madison, LLC (1) 

Wisconsin 

Skipper Marine of Chicago-Land, LLC (1) 

Illinois 

Skipper Marine of Michigan, LLC (1) 

Michigan 

Silver Seas Yachts, LLC (1) 

Arizona 

Silver Seas California, Inc. (8) 

California 

Skipper Marine, LLC (1) 

Wisconsin 

Skipper Marine of Fox Valley, LLC (1) 

Wisconsin 

Skipper Marine of Ohio, LLC (1) 

Ohio 

Marinemax Products, Inc. (1) 

Florida 

KCS International, Inc. (9) 

Wisconsin 

KCS RE Acquisition Company, LLC (10) 

Wisconsin 

JDG Undaunted, LLC (9) 

Texas 

Undaunted Holdings, Inc. (11) 

Delaware 

Intrepid Powerboats, Inc. (12) 

Florida 

Intrepid Southeast, Inc. (13) 

Florida 

Nisswa Marine, LLC (1) 

Minnesota 

N J Media, LLC (1) 

Florida 

Marinemax KW, LLC (1) 

Florida 

BY Holdings, LLC (1) 

Florida 

Newcoast Insurance Services, LLC (14) 

Florida 

N J Group, LLC (15) 

Florida 

Wave Aviation, LLC (2) 

Florida 

Global Marine Brokerage, LLC (16) 

Florida 

Perfect Yacht Charter, LLC (16) 

Delaware 

Northrop Johnson California, Inc. (17) 

California 

Northrop Johnson Yachts-Ships LLC (5) 

Florida 

Northrop Johnson Group Spain, S.L. (4) 

Spain 

Skipper Bud s of Illinois, LLC (1) 

Illinois 

(1) 
 
 Wholly owned subsidiary of MarineMax, Inc. 

(2) 
 
 Wholly owned subsidiary of MarineMax East, Inc. 

(3) 
 
 Wholly owned subsidiary of FWW, LLC 

(4) 
 
 Wholly owned subsidiary of FWW UK Limited 

(5) 
 
 Wholly owned subsidiary of Fraser Yachts Florida, Inc. 

(6) 
 
 Wholly owned subsidiary of TCN Antibes S.A.R.L. 

(7) 
 
 Wholly owned subsidiary of Fraser Worldwide S.A.M. 

(8) 
 
 Wholly owned subsidiary of Silver Seas Yachts, LLC 

(9) 
 
 Wholly owned subsidiary of Marinemax Products, Inc. 

(10) 
 
 Wholly owned subsidiary of KCS International, Inc. 

(11) 
 
 Wholly owned subsidiary of JDG Undaunted, LLC 

(12) 
 
 Wholly owned subsidiary of Undaunted Holdings, Inc. 

(13) 
 
 Wholly owned subsidiary of Intrepid Powerboats, Inc. 

(14) 
 
 Wholly owned subsidiary of Private Insurance Services, LLC 

(15) 
 
 Wholly owned subsidiary of Northrop Johnson Holding LLC 

(16) 
 
 Wholly owned subsidiary of My Web Services, LLC 

(17) 
 
 Wholly owned subsidiary of Fraser Yachts California, Inc. 

</EX-21>

<EX-23.1>
 6
 hzo-ex231_10.htm
 EX-23.1

hzo-ex231_10.htm

Exhibit 23.1 
 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the registration statements (No. 333-236617, 333-236618, 333-141657, 333-83332, 333-63307, 333-156358, 333-177019, 333-218563, 333-140366, 333-218566 and 333-251083) on Form S-8 of our reports dated November 19, 2021, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of MarineMax, Inc. and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting. 

/s/ KPMG LLP 

Tampa, Florida 
 November 19, 2021 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 7
 hzo-ex311_14.htm
 EX-31.1

hzo-ex311_14.htm

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, W. Brett McGill, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this report on Form 10-K of MarineMax, Inc.; 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
 a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
 b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
 c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
 d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
 a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize, and report financial information; and 
 b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

/s/ W. BRETT M c G ill 

W. Brett McGill 

Chief Executive Officer and President 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

Date: November 19, 2021 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 8
 hzo-ex312_7.htm
 EX-31.2

hzo-ex312_7.htm

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, Michael H. McLamb, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this report on Form 10-K of MarineMax, Inc.; 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
 a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
 b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
 c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
 d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
 a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize, and report financial information; and 
 b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

/s/ M ichael H. M c L amb 

Michael H. McLamb 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

Date: November 19, 2021 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 9
 hzo-ex321_12.htm
 EX-32.1

hzo-ex321_12.htm

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of MarineMax, Inc. (the Company for the year ended September 30, 2021, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, W. Brett McGill, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, to my best knowledge and belief, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) 
 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m(a) or 78o(d)); and 

(2) 
 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/ W. BRETT M c GILL 

W. Brett McGill 

Chief Executive Officer 

Date: November 19, 2021 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 10
 hzo-ex322_11.htm
 EX-32.2

hzo-ex322_11.htm

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of MarineMax, Inc. (the Company for the year ended September 30, 2021, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Michael H. McLamb, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, to my best knowledge and belief, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) 
 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m(a) or 78o(d)); and 

(2) 
 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/ M ichael H. M c L amb 

Michael H. McLamb 

Chief Financial Officer 

Date: November 19, 2021 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 23
 hzo-20210930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 24
 hzo-20210930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 25
 hzo-20210930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 26
 hzo-20210930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 27
 hzo-20210930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

