<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20211220_10-K_edgar_data_1438731_0001564590-21-060735.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>22215740</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>354588</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1937778</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>8829453</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2947357</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>7699046</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001564590-21-060735.hdr.sgml : 20211220
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20211220160624
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001564590-21-060735
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		108
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20210930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20211220
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20211220

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ALJ REGIONAL HOLDINGS INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001438731
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-BUSINESS SERVICES, NEC [7389]
		IRS NUMBER:				134082185
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0930

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-37689
		FILM NUMBER:		211505302

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		244 MADISON AVENUE, PMB #358
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10016
		BUSINESS PHONE:		212-883-0083

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		244 MADISON AVENUE, PMB #358
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10016

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001564590-21-060735.txt : 20211220

10-K
 1
 aljj-10k_20210930.htm
 10-K

aljj-10k_20210930.htm

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 (Mark One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended 
 OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

FOR THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM TO 
 Commission File Number 
 
 . 
 (Exact name of Registrant as specified in its Charter) 

State or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification No.) 

, 
 , 
 (Address of principal executive offices, Zip code) 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code : ) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class 
 
 Name of exchange on which registered 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 
 None 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 
 Emerging growth company 
 
 Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262 (b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of the registrant s voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates was approximately , based on the closing price of 1.45 for such common equity on March 31, 2021. 
 The number of shares of common stock, 0.01 par value per share, outstanding as of November 30, 2021, was . 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
 None 

ALJ REGIONAL HOLDINGS, INC. 
 ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K 
 FOR THE YEAR ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2021 
 INDEX 

Page 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 
 Business 
 
 4 

Item 1A. 
 
 Risk Factors 
 
 11 

Item 1B. 
 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 23 

Item 2. 
 
 Properties 
 
 24 

Item 3. 
 
 Legal Proceedings 
 
 24 

Item 4. 
 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 24 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 25 

Item 6. 
 
 Reserved 
 
 26 

Item 7. 
 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 27 

Item 7A. 
 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 37 

Item 8. 
 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 37 

Item 9. 
 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 37 

Item 9A. 
 
 Controls and Procedures 
 
 38 

Item 9B. 
 
 Other Information 
 
 38 

Item 9C. 
 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 
 38 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 39 

Item 11. 
 
 Executive Compensation 
 
 43 

Item 12. 
 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 48 

Item 13. 
 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 
 49 

Item 14. 
 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 
 51 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 52 

Item 16. 
 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 
 56 

Signatures 
 
 57 

2 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 The statements included in this Form 10-K regarding future financial performance, results and conditions and other statements that are not historical facts, including, among others, the statements regarding competition, the Company s intention to retain earnings for use in the Company s business operations, the Company s ability to continue to fund its operations and service its indebtedness, the adequacy of the Company s accrual for tax liabilities, management s projection of continued taxable income, and the Company s ability to offset future income against net operating loss carryovers, constitute forward-looking statements. The words can, could, may, will, would, plan, future, believes, intends, expects, anticipates, projects, estimates, and similar expressions are also intended to identify forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are based on current expectations and are subject to risks and uncertainties. Actual results or events could differ materially from those set forth or implied by such forward-looking statements and related assumptions due to certain important factors, including, without limitation, the risks set forth under the caption Risk Factors below, which are incorporated herein by reference. Some, but not all, of the forward-looking statements contained in this Form 10-K include, among other things, statements about the following: 

any statements regarding our expectations for future performance 

our ability to integrate business acquisitions 

our ability to compete effectively 

statements regarding future revenue and the potential concentration of such revenue coming from a limited number of customers 

our ability to meet customer needs 

our expectations that interest expense will increase 

our expectations that we will continue to have non-cash compensation expenses 

our expectation that we will be in compliance with the required covenants pursuant to our loan agreements 

regulatory compliance costs 

our ability to manage cost cutting activities 

the potential adverse impact of the novel coronavirus disease COVID-19 pandemic on our business, operations and the markets and communities in which we and our customers, vendors and employees operate 

our ability to improve margins and profitability on contracts we enter into and 

the other matters described in Risk Factors, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and Business. 

 The Company is also subject to general business risks, including results of tax audits, adverse state, federal or foreign legislation and regulation, changes in general economic conditions, the Company s ability to retain and attract key employees, acts of war or global terrorism and unexpected natural disasters. Any forward-looking statements included in this Form 10-K are made as of the date hereof, based on information available to the Company as of the date hereof, and the Company assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements. 
 
 3 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 PART I 
 ITEM 1. BUSINESS. 
 Overview and Business Organization 
 ALJ Regional Holdings, Inc. (including subsidiaries, referred to collectively in this report as ALJ, the Company or we is a holding company. During the year ended September 30, 2021, ALJ consisted of the following wholly-owned subsidiaries: 

Faneuil, Inc. (including its subsidiaries, Faneuil ). Faneuil is a leading provider of call center services, back-office operations, staffing services, and toll collection services to government and regulated commercial clients across the United States, focusing on the healthcare, utility, transportation, and toll revenue collection industries. Faneuil is headquartered in Hampton, Virginia. ALJ acquired Faneuil in October 2013. 

Phoenix Color Corp. (including its subsidiaries, Phoenix ). Phoenix is a leading manufacturer of book components, educational materials and related products producing value-added components, heavily illustrated books and commercial specialty products using a broad spectrum of materials and decorative technologies. Phoenix is headquartered in Hagerstown, Maryland. ALJ acquired Phoenix in August 2015. 

Floors-N-More, LLC, d/b/a, Carpets N More Carpets . Carpets was a floor covering retailer in Las Vegas, Nevada, and a provider of multiple products for the commercial, retail and home builder markets including all types of flooring, countertops, cabinets, window coverings and garage/closet organizers. ALJ acquired and disposed of Carpets in April 2014 and February 2021, respectively. 

 With several members of senior management and our board of directors Board of Directors coming from long careers in the professional service industry, ALJ is focused on acquiring and operating exceptional businesses. 
 As a result of the sale of one of its segments, Carpets, during February 2021, discussed below, ALJ has organized its business and corporate structure into two business segments: Faneuil and Phoenix. ALJ is reported as corporate overhead. For results of operations by business segment, see Part II, Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 Faneuil 
 Background 
 Faneuil is a Delaware corporation with headquarters in Hampton, VA. We acquired Faneuil from Harland Clarke Holdings Corp., a wholly-owned subsidiary of MacAndrews & Forbes Holdings Inc., for aggregate consideration of 53.0 million. 
 Faneuil is a nationally recognized leader in technology-enabled in-person and automated service delivery, particularly in regulated, highly complex environments. 
 Acquisition of Realtime Digital Innovations, LLC 
 On July 31, 2019 RDI Purchase Date ), Faneuil acquired Realtime Digital Innovations, LLC RDI and such acquisition, the RDI Acquisition ), a provider of workflow automation and business intelligence services. The RDI Acquisition is expected to provide Faneuil with a sustainable competitive advantage in the business process outsourcing space by allowing it to, among others, (i) automate process workflows and business intelligence, (ii) generate labor efficiencies for existing programs, (iii) expand potential new client target entry points, (iv) improve overall customer experience, and (v) increase margin profiles through shorter sales cycles and software license sales. 
 Services 
 Faneuil provides business processing solutions for an extensive client portfolio that includes both commercial and government entities across several verticals, including transportation, utilities, healthcare, consumer goods, and government/municipal services. Utilizing advanced applications and a dedicated team of service professionals, Faneuil delivers broad outsourcing support, ranging from customer contact centers, fulfillment operations, and information technology services, to manual and electronic toll collection and violation processing, with the goal of building its clients brands by providing exemplary customer service. 
 4 
 
 Table of Contents 
 Faneuil s core competencies include: 

High-volume, multi-channel customer contact centers 

Customer relationship management 

Billing, payment, and claims processing 

Data entry 

Document management 

Operational expertise 

Workforce and support analytics 

Quality assurance 

Back office and fulfillment operations 

System support and maintenance and 

Staffing services. 

 Faneuil employees who have contact with customers undergo intensive training and development, followed by structured monitoring and assessments before they are certified to process customer contacts. Faneuil s customer contact employees provide service delivery through multiple communication channels, including telephone, fax, email, web chat and face-to-face interaction. Additionally, Faneuil provides multi-lingual representatives to accommodate the communication needs of non-English-speaking customers, as well as the hearing-impaired. 
 
 Human Capital Management 
 
 Faneuil is committed to fostering a work environment that values diversity and inclusion. This commitment includes providing equal access to and participation in, equal employment opportunities, programs, and services without regard to race, religion, color, origin, disability, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran status, age, or stereotypes based thereon. Faneuil welcomes team members' differences, experiences, and beliefs, and is investing in a more productive, engaged, diverse and inclusive workforce. 
 Faneuil monitors human capital metrics and diversity. On September 30, 2021, Faneuil had 6,541 full-time employees (down from 7,743 employees on September 30, 2020). No Faneuil employees are represented by a labor union, or subject to any collective bargaining agreements. Faneuil considers its employee relations good. 
 
 Faneuil continues to focus on workplace safety by providing training and bringing awareness to workplace best practices in a continuous effort to reduce workplace injuries and accidents. Faneuil acted quickly to respond to safety protocols as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic to protect the health and safety of team members. To support team members, Faneuil offered remote work options where possible, purchased additional sanitation supplies and increased personal protective materials provided to staff. 
 Customers 
 Faneuil s client portfolio includes both government and commercial entities nationwide, including several toll authorities, state agencies, municipalities, publicly-owned utilities, health benefit exchanges, one government agency that operates the major airports serving the Washington, D.C. area, and several other public and private entities. 
 The percentages of Faneuil net revenue derived from its significant customers for the years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020 were as follows: 

Year Ended 
 September 30, 

2021 

2020 

Customer A 

10.1 

10.6 

Customer B 

10.0 

Less than 10 of Faneuil net revenue. 
 5 
 
 Table of Contents 
 Many Faneuil customers are government agencies subject to contractual budgetary ceilings. State and local funding for these agencies is approved by the respective state legislature(s) each year. Depending on budgetary constraints, the contract values may be subject to change based upon ongoing legislative approval. 
 Competition 
 Primary competitors to Faneuil are other large providers of toll services, such as Conduent, AEComm, and TransCore, Inc., as well as contact center operators such as Maximus and Automated Health Services. In many cases, Faneuil is smaller and has less financial and personnel resources than its competitors. If Faneuil cannot compete effectively to win new business and retain existing clients, its operating results will be negatively affected. To remain competitive, Faneuil must continuously implement new technologies and expand its portfolio of outsourced services and may have to make occasional strategic adjustments to its pricing for its services. 
 Properties 
 Faneuil leases all of its properties in various locations throughout the United States for customer contact centers, walk-in retail, and administration. Faneuil s corporate headquarters are located in Hampton, VA. Faneuil s leased facilities comprise an aggregate of approximately 487,000 square feet with leases that expire at various dates through June 2030. Faneuil believes that its existing leased facilities are adequate for current requirements. 
 Backlog 
 Faneuil backlog represents executed contracts for future services. Most contracts are long-term and obligate Faneuil to provide services over multiple years. Faneuil backlog may not represent firm commitments as some contracts, especially with government entities, allow for cancellation under certain instances. Faneuil adjusts backlog to reflect contract cancellations, deferrals, and revisions known at the reporting date. However, Faneuil could experience additional contract modifications or cancellations, which may increase or decrease backlog. 
 
 The following table reflects the amount of Faneuil backlog by the fiscal year we expect to recognize revenue: 

As of September 30, 

(in millions) 

2021 

2020 

Within one year 

196.4 

245.6 

Between one year and two years 

125.4 

145.4 

Between two years and three years 

77.7 

101.4 

Between three years and four years 

30.0 

83.4 

Thereafter 

21.3 

38.1 

Total Faneuil backlog 

450.8 

613.9 

The decrease in total Faneuil backlog from September 30, 2021 compared to September 30, 2020 was primarily the result of negotiating an early termination of a large unprofitable contract, and services provided in the normal course of business for long-term contracts outstanding on September 30, 2020. 
 
 For further information regarding Faneuil backlog, see Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors - Risks Related to our Business Generally and our Common Stock - We may not receive the full amounts estimated under the contracts in our backlog, which could reduce our revenue in future periods below the levels anticipated. This makes backlog an uncertain indicator of future operating results. 
 Seasonality 
 Faneuil experiences seasonality within its various lines of business. For example, during the end of the calendar year through the end of the first calendar quarter, Faneuil generally experiences higher revenue attributable to its healthcare customers as the customer contact centers increase operations during the open enrollment periods of the healthcare exchanges. Faneuil revenue from its healthcare customers generally decreases during the remaining portion of the year after the open enrollment period. Seasonality is less pronounced with Faneuil customers in the transportation industry, though there is typically some volume increase during the summer months. 
 6 
 
 Table of Contents 
 Governmental Regulation 
 Faneuil s business is subject to many legal and regulatory requirements in the United States, covering such matters as data privacy, consumer protection, healthcare requirements, labor relations, taxation, internal and disclosure control obligations, governmental affairs and immigration. For example, Faneuil is subject to state and federal laws and regulations regarding the protection of consumer information commonly referred to as non-public personal information, including the collection of patient data through Faneuil s contact center services and medical device tracking services, which is subject to the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, commonly known as HIPAA, which protects the privacy of patient data. These laws, regulations, and agreements require Faneuil to develop and implement policies to protect non-public personal information and to disclose these policies to consumers before a customer relationship is established and periodically thereafter. These laws, regulations, and agreements limit the ability to use or disclose non-public personal information for purposes other than the purposes originally intended. Many of these regulations, including those related to data privacy, frequently change and sometimes conflict with existing regulations amongst the various jurisdictions in which Faneuil provides services. Violations of these laws and regulations could result in liability for damages, fines, criminal prosecution, unfavorable publicity and restrictions on Faneuil s operations. Failure to adhere to or successfully implement processes in response to changing regulatory requirements in this area could result in legal liability or impairment to Faneuil s reputation in the marketplace, which could have a material adverse effect on Faneuil s business, results of operations and financial condition. Also, because a substantial portion of Faneuil operating costs consists of labor costs, changes in governmental regulations relating to wages, healthcare and healthcare reform and other benefits or employment taxes could have a material adverse effect on Faneuil s business, results of operations or financial condition. 
 Management 
 Faneuil is led by ALJ board member Anna Van Buren, who has served as President and Chief Executive Officer since 2009 and previously served in executive roles at Faneuil since 2004. For additional information regarding Ms. Van Buren, see Part III, Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 
 Phoenix Color Corp. 
 Background 
 Phoenix is a Delaware corporation headquartered in Hagerstown, Maryland. We acquired Phoenix from Visant Corporation for aggregate consideration of 88.3 million. 
 Phoenix is a premier full-service, full-color printer with over 40 years of superior printing experience. Drawing on a broad spectrum of materials and decorative technologies, Phoenix produces memorable, value-added components, heavily illustrated books, and specialty commercial products. Book publishers generally design book components to enhance the sales appeal of their books. The production of book components requires specialized equipment, materials, and finishes and often demands high-quality, intricate work. As a result, many leading publishers rely on specialty printers such as Phoenix to supply high-quality book components. This same philosophy applies to labels, packaging, and specialty commercial products, where Phoenix customers require the knowledge and expertise of a printer that can enhance their products for sale into the commercial marketplace. Phoenix has been servicing the publishing industry within the United States since 1979 and has formed lasting relationships with many of the biggest names in book publishing. 
 As a domestic manufacturer, Phoenix offers extensive, in-house digital pre-press capabilities and its technologically advanced UV printing platform supports an array of printing and finishing options. Phoenix innovative special effects include foil stamping, UV embellishments, and laminations, as well as its trademarked products LithoFoil , MetalTone , Look of Leather , and VibraColor . 
 Products and Services 
 Books and Components 
 Phoenix offers several products for books and components, which represents more than 90 of Phoenix net revenue. 
 Phoenix is a leader in providing distinctive cover components and high-quality, heavily illustrated and multi-colored books for all markets. With its technologically advanced pre-press and press operations as well as an array of finishing applications and innovative special effects, Phoenix is committed to producing memorable, value-added products. 
 7 
 
 Table of Contents 
 Labels and Packaging 
 In recent years, Phoenix has expanded into the label and packaging markets to leverage its unique printing and finishing capabilities as well as its trademarked special effects and extensive offerings of finishes and coatings. 
 Human Capital Management 
 Phoenix continually invests in and supports its employees and has an employee-focused, values-driven culture, which management believes is an advantage over its competitors. 
 
 Phoenix relies on highly qualified, skilled, and knowledgeable talent to support its strategic priorities. As such, Phoenix invests in (i) efforts to attract, develop, and retain employees, and (ii) tools, technologies, processes, and education to increase employee engagement, productivity, and efficiency. 
 
 Phoenix is committed to fostering a work environment that values diversity, equity, and inclusion to create an equal, safe, and fair work environment for all employees. On September 30, 2021, Phoenix had 417 full-time employees (up from 413 employees on September 30, 2020). No Phoenix employees are represented by a labor union, or subject to any collective bargaining agreements. Phoenix considers its employee relations good. 
 Customers 
 Phoenix sells to many of the leading publishing companies. A small number of customers have historically accounted for a substantial portion of Phoenix net revenue. The percentages of Phoenix net revenue derived from its significant customers for the years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020 were as follows: 

Year Ended 
 September 30, 

2021 

2020 

Customer A 

24.3 

24.4 

Customer B 

22.6 

18.9 

Customer C 

12.2 

13.0 

Suppliers 
 Phoenix has historically purchased raw materials from a small number of suppliers primarily to control the quality of the product and to capitalize on volume discounts. If these suppliers were unable to provide materials on a timely basis, Phoenix management believes alternative suppliers could provide the required materials with minimal disruption to the business. Historically, Phoenix has not experienced any significant delay or shortage in the supply of materials. 
 The percentages of Phoenix inventory purchases from its significant suppliers for the years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020 were as follows: 

Year Ended 
 September 30, 

2021 

2020 

Supplier A 

19.6 

14.1 

Supplier B 

13.2 

17.3 

Supplier C 

10.6 

Less than 10 of Phoenix inventory purchases. 
 Backlog 
 
 Phoenix backlog represents executed master service agreements MSA that contain minimum volume commitments over multiple years for future product deliveries. Phoenix includes only the estimated minimum commitments in the MSAs as backlog. As Phoenix executed MSAs mostly provide for minimum volume commitments rather than minimum aggregate dollar spend, the actual revenue from such agreements may differ from our backlog estimates as to the total order volume and the timing of such volume. Phoenix adjusts backlog to reflect estimated order volumes delivered by its customers based on historical experience known at the reporting date however, future variations in order volumes by Phoenix customers may increase or decrease backlog and future revenue. 
 8 
 
 Table of Contents 
 The following table reflects the amount of Phoenix backlog by the fiscal year we expect to recognize revenue : 

As of September 30, 

(in millions) 

2021 

2020 

Within one year 

69.8 

65.0 

Between one year and two years 

64.7 

63.5 

Between two years and three years 

44.5 

57.3 

Between three years and four years 

43.3 

43.3 

Thereafter 

52.4 

95.6 

Total Phoenix backlog 

274.7 

324.7 

The decrease in Phoenix backlog on September 30, 2021 compared to September 30, 2020 was primarily driven by product delivery in the normal course of business for purchase orders outstanding on September 30, 2020. 
 
 For further information regarding the Phoenix backlog, see Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors - Risks Related to our Business Generally - We may not receive the full amounts estimated under the contracts in our backlog, which could reduce our revenue in future periods below the levels anticipated. This makes backlog an uncertain indicator of future operating results. 
 Seasonality 
 There is seasonality to the Phoenix business. Education book component sales (school and college) traditionally peak in the first and second quarters of the calendar year. Other book components sales traditionally peak in the third quarter of the calendar year. Book sales also traditionally peak in the third quarter of the calendar year. The fourth quarter of the calendar year traditionally has been the weakest quarter. These seasonal factors are not significant. 
 Competition 
 The printing industry in general and the printing and manufacturing of books, in particular, is extremely competitive. Over the past several years, there has been significant consolidation in the publishing industry, such that fewer publishers control a greater share of the market. Although there are still many small, independent publishers, they do not wield the leverage held by major publishing houses. Additionally, the printing industry has experienced a reduction in demand for trade books due to the impact of the e-book market and a reduction in textbooks due to lower state government funding, alternative product formats and digital distribution of content. 
 Primary competitors in the printing and manufacturing of books and book components include, but are not limited to Coral Graphics, Quad Graphics, and Worzalla. There is no reliable industry data available to determine Phoenix s market share and position versus that of its competitors. With respect to book components, a portion of the products is produced by the book manufacturers and a portion by component printers. The dollar value of book components manufactured by the book manufacturers or by other component printers is unknown. Phoenix and Coral Graphics are the two primary trade book component manufacturers used by major publishers in the U.S. market. Most high-quality, heavily-illustrated and multi-colored books sold in the U.S. are produced outside of the U.S. Phoenix competes with Worzalla and several domestic book manufacturers for that portion that is produced domestically. 
 Environmental Matters 
 
 Phoenix is committed to creating quality products, while providing a safe and healthy workplace and acting as an environmentally responsible neighbor. Phoenix believes in preserving the environment and is committed to safeguarding natural resources and the environment as part of its daily operations. 
 
 Phoenix continues to seek solutions to reduce its environmental impact by identifying areas for improvement, continually seeking alternatives to improve efficiency of conventional energy usage and implementing new innovations to reduce its impacts on the environment. 
 Properties 
 Phoenix owns its principal properties for corporate offices and production located in Hagerstown, MD, which totals approximately 276,000 square feet. Phoenix also owns two buildings totaling approximately 45,000 square feet in Terre Haute, IN. Additionally, Phoenix rents approximately 5,000 square feet in Rockaway, NJ under a month-to-month lease. Phoenix believes its facilities will be adequate for at least the next 12 months. 
 9 
 
 Table of Contents 
 Management 
 Phoenix is led by Marc Reisch, who currently serves as its Chairman and previously served as its Chief Executive Officer from 2008 to 2015. Mr. Reisch served as a director on ALJ s Board of Directors from August 2015 until October 2019. For additional information regarding Mr. Reisch, see Part III, Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 
 Carpets N More 
 Background 
 In January 2021, ALJ entered into a Purchase and Sale Agreement PSA ), by and among the Company, Superior Interior Finishes, LLC, a Nevada limited liability company Superior and Carpets, pursuant to which the Company agreed to sell 100 of the membership interests of Carpets to Superior for an aggregate purchase price of 0.5 million (the Purchase Price in cash (the Transaction ). At the time of the PSA, Superior was 100 owned by Steve Chesin, the Chief Executive Officer of Carpets. The Company entered into the PSA because its Carpets business segment had been deemed a non-core holding and had underperformed over the past several years. The Transaction, which was approved by a committee of the Board comprised solely of certain independent directors of the Company, closed in February 2021. As such, the results of operations, assets, liabilities, and cash flows of Carpets were classified as discontinued operations in ALJ s financial statements for all periods presented. See Part IV, Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules - Note 4. Acquisitions and Divestitures - Carpets Divestiture . 
 Additional Information About ALJ and its Subsidiaries 
 ALJ was originally incorporated in the State of Delaware under the name Nuparent, Inc. on June 22, 1999. The Company s name was changed to YouthStream Media Networks, Inc. on June 24, 1999, and that name was used through October 23, 2006. The Company s name was changed to ALJ Regional Holdings, Inc. on October 23, 2006. 
 As of September 30, 2021, ALJ corporate had five employees, consisting of its Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, and three support staff, performing services dedicated primarily to general corporate and administrative matters. No employee is represented by a labor union. 
 Intellectual Property 
 We rely on copyright, trademark, and trade secret laws as well as contractual restrictions to protect our proprietary information and intellectual property rights. We control access to our proprietary information and intellectual property, in part, by entering into confidentiality and invention assignment agreements with our employees, contractors, and business partners. We also control the use of our proprietary information and intellectual property through provisions in our client agreements and distribution partner agreements. 
 We have a limited number of registered trademarks and registered copyrights in the United States as well as a number of common law trademarks and trade names. We rely substantially on unpatented proprietary technology. We do not consider the success of our business, as a whole to be dependent on our intellectual property. 
 Available Information 
 We make available free of charge our annual, quarterly, and current reports, proxy statements and other information, in electronic format, upon request. To request such materials, please contact our Chief Financial Officer at 244 Madison Avenue, PMB #358, New York, NY 10016 or call 212-883-0083. 
 Additionally, many reports and amendments to reports filed pursuant to Sections 13(a) and 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, are available free of charge on our website at www.aljregionalholdings.com as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). Information on our website and other information that can be accessed through our website are not part of this report. 

10 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS. 
 The following risk factors and other information included in this Form 10-K should be carefully considered. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial also may impair our business operations. If any of the following risks actually occur, our business, financial condition and operating results could be significantly harmed. 
 Risks Related to Faneuil 
 
 Faneuil is subject to uncertainties regarding healthcare reform that could materially and adversely affect that aspect of our business. 
 Since its adoption into law in 2010, the Affordable Care Act has been challenged before the U.S. Supreme Court, and several bills have been and continue to be introduced in Congress to delay, defund, or repeal implementation of or amend significant provisions of the Affordable Care Act. In addition, there continues to be ongoing litigation over the interpretation and implementation of certain provisions of the law. New tax reform legislation enacted on December 22, 2017 Tax Reform Law includes a provision repealing, effective January 1, 2019, the tax-based shared responsibility payment imposed by the Affordable Care Act on certain individuals who fail to maintain qualifying health coverage for all or part of a year that is commonly referred to as the individual mandate, which could lead to fewer enrollments in healthcare exchanges. Further significant changes to, or repeal of, the Affordable Care Act could materially and adversely affect that aspect of Faneuil s business. 
 Economic downturns, reductions in government funding and other program-related and contract-related risks could have a negative effect on Faneuil s business. 
 Demand for the services offered by Faneuil has been, and is expected to continue to be, subject to significant fluctuations due to a variety of factors beyond its control, including economic conditions, particularly since contracts for major programs are performed over extended periods of time. During economic downturns, the ability of both private and governmental entities to make expenditures may decline significantly. We cannot be certain that economic or political conditions will be generally favorable or that there will not be significant fluctuations adversely affecting Faneuil as a whole, or key industry segments targeted by Faneuil. In addition, Faneuil s operations are, in part, dependent upon state government funding. Significant changes in the level of state government funding, changes in personnel at government authorities, the failure of applicable government authorities to take necessary actions, opposition by third parties to particular programs, any delay in the state government budget process or a state government shutdown could have an unfavorable effect on Faneuil s business, financial position, results of operations and cash flows. 
 Faneuil s profitability is dependent in part on Faneuil s ability to estimate correctly, obtain adequate pricing, and control its cost structure related to fixed price per call contracts. 
 A significant portion of Faneuil s revenues are derived from commercial and government contracts awarded through competitive bidding processes. Many of these contracts are extremely complex and require the investment of significant resources in order to prepare accurate bids and pricing based on both current and future conditions, such as the cost of labor, that could impact profitability of such contracts. Our success depends on Faneuil s ability to (i) accurately estimate the resources and costs that will be required to implement and service any contracts we are awarded, sometimes in advance of the final determination of such contracts full scope and design, and (ii) negotiate adequate pricing for call center services that provide a reasonable return to our shareholders based on such estimates. Additionally, in order to attract and retain certain contracts, we are sometimes required to make significant capital and other investments to enable us to perform our services under those contracts, such as facility leases, information technology equipment purchases, labor resources, and costs incurred to develop and implement software. If Faneuil is unable to accurately estimate its costs to provide call center services, obtain adequate pricing, or control costs for fixed price per call contracts, it could materially adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 
 Faneuil s dependence on a small number of customers could adversely affect its business or results of operations. 
 Faneuil derives a substantial portion of its revenue from a relatively small number of customers. For additional information regarding Faneuil customer concentrations, see Part IV, Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules Note 5. Concentration Risks. We expect the largest customers of Faneuil to continue to account for a substantial portion of its total net revenue for the foreseeable future. Faneuil has long-standing relationships with many of its significant customers. However, because Faneuil customers generally contract for specific projects or programs with a finite duration, Faneuil may lose these customers if funding for their respective programs is discontinued, or if their projects end and the contracts are not renewed or replaced. The loss or reduction of, or failure to renew or replace, any significant contracts with any of these customers could materially reduce Faneuil revenue and cash flows. Additionally, many Faneuil customers are government entities, which can unilaterally terminate or modify the existing contracts with Faneuil without cause and penalty to such government entities in many situations. If Faneuil does not replace them with other customers or other programs, the loss of business from any one of such customers could have a material adverse effect on its business or results of operations. 
 11 
 
 Table of Contents 
 The recovery of capital investments in Faneuil contracts is subject to risk. 
 In order to attract and retain large outsourcing contracts, Faneuil may be required to make significant capital investments to perform its services under the contract, such as purchases of information technology equipment and costs incurred to develop and implement software. The net book value of such assets, including intangible assets, could be impaired, and Faneuil earnings and cash flow could be materially adversely affected in the event of the early termination of all or a part of such a contract, reduction in volumes and services thereunder for reasons including, but not limited to, a client s merger or acquisition, divestiture of assets or businesses, business failure or deterioration, or a client s exercise of contract termination rights. 
 Faneuil s dependence on subcontractors and equipment manufacturers could adversely affect it. 
 In some cases, Faneuil relies on and partners with third-party subcontractors as well as third-party equipment manufacturers to provide services under its contracts. To the extent that Faneuil cannot engage subcontractors or acquire equipment or materials, its performance, according to the terms of the customer contract, may be impaired. If the amount Faneuil is required to pay for subcontracted services or equipment exceeds the amount Faneuil has estimated in bidding for fixed prices or fixed unit price contracts, it could experience reduced profit or losses in the performance of these contracts with its customers. Also, if a subcontractor or a manufacturer is unable to deliver its services, equipment or materials according to the negotiated terms for any reason, including the deterioration of its financial condition, Faneuil may be required to purchase the services, equipment or materials from another source at a higher price. This may reduce the expected profit or result in a loss of a customer contract for which the services, equipment or materials were needed. 
 Partnerships entered into by Faneuil as a subcontractor with third parties who are primary contractors could adversely affect its ability to secure new projects and derive a profit from its existing projects. 
 In some cases, Faneuil partners as a subcontractor with third parties who are the primary contractors. In these cases, Faneuil is largely dependent on the judgments of the primary contractors in bidding for new projects and negotiating the primary contracts, including establishing the scope of services and service levels to be provided. Furthermore, even if projects are secured, if a primary contractor is unable to deliver its services according to the negotiated terms of the primary contract for any reason, including the deterioration of its financial condition, the customer may terminate or modify the primary contract, which may reduce Faneuil profit or cause losses in the performance of the contract. In certain instances, the subcontract agreement includes a Pay When Paid provision, which allows the primary contractor to hold back payments to a subcontractor until they are paid by the customer, which has negatively impacted Faneuil cashflow. 
 If Faneuil or a primary contractor guarantees to a customer the timely implementation or performance standards of a program, Faneuil could incur additional costs to meet its guaranteed obligations or liquidated damages if it fails to perform as agreed. 
 In certain instances, Faneuil or its primary contractor guarantees a customer that it will implement a program by a scheduled date. At times, they also provide that the program will achieve or adhere to certain performance standards or key performance indicators. Although Faneuil generally provides input to its primary contractors regarding the scope of services and service levels to be provided, it is possible that a primary contractor may make commitments without Faneuil s input or approval. If Faneuil or the primary contractor subsequently fails to implement the program as scheduled, or if the program subsequently fails to meet the guaranteed performance standards, Faneuil may be held responsible for costs to the client resulting from any delay in implementation, or the costs incurred by the program to achieve the performance standards. In most cases where Faneuil or the primary contractor fails to meet contractually defined performance standards, Faneuil may be subject to agreed-upon liquidated damages. To the extent that these events occur, the total costs for such program may exceed original estimates, and cause reduced profits, or in some cases a loss for that program. 
 Adequate bonding is necessary for Faneuil to win new contracts. 
 Faneuil is often required, primarily in its toll and transportation programs, to provide performance and surety bonds to customers in conjunction with its contracts. These bonds indemnify the customer should Faneuil fail to perform its obligations under the contracts. If a bond is required for a particular program and Faneuil is unable to obtain an appropriate bond, Faneuil cannot pursue that program. The issuance of a bond is at the surety s sole discretion. Moreover, due to events that affect the insurance and bonding markets generally, bonding may be more difficult to obtain in the future or may only be available at significant additional costs. There can be no assurance that bonds will continue to be available on reasonable terms, or at all. Any inability to obtain adequate bonding and, as a result, to bid on new work could harm Faneuil s business. 
 12 
 
 Table of Contents 
 Data security and integrity are critically important to our business, and cybersecurity incidents, including cyberattacks, cyber-fraud, breaches of security, unauthorized access to or disclosure of confidential information, business disruption, or the perception that confidential information is not secure, could result in a material loss of business, regulatory enforcement, substantial legal liability and/or significant harm to our reputation . 
 Our business involves the use, storage, and transmission of information about our clients, their customers, and our employees. While we take reasonable measures to protect the security of and unauthorized access to our systems and the privacy of personal and proprietary information that we access and store, our security controls over our systems may not be adequate to prevent the improper access to or disclosure of this information. Such unauthorized access or disclosure could subject Faneuil to significant liability under relevant law or our contracts and could harm our reputation, resulting in impacts on our results of operations, loss of future revenue and business opportunities. These risks may further increase as our business model includes a high percentage of work from home delivery in addition to our delivery through customer experience centers. 
 We operate in an environment of significant risk of cybersecurity incidents resulting from unintentional events or deliberate attacks by third parties or insiders, which may involve exploiting highly obscure security vulnerabilities or sophisticated attack methods. These cyberattacks can take many forms, but they typically have one or more of the following objectives, among others: 

obtain unauthorized access to confidential consumer information 

manipulate or destroy data or 

disrupt, sabotage or degrade service on our systems. 

 In recent years, there have been an increasing number of high-profile security breaches at companies and government agencies, and security experts have warned about the growing risks of hackers, cybercriminals and state actors launching a broad range of attacks targeting information technology systems. Information security breaches, computer viruses, interruption or loss of business data, DDoS (distributed denial of service) attacks, ransomware and other cyberattacks on any of these systems could disrupt our normal operations of customer engagement centers and remote service delivery, our cloud platform offerings, and our enterprise services, impeding our ability to provide critical services to our clients. For example, on August 18, 2021, we detected a ransomware attack (the Security Event that accessed and encrypted certain files on certain servers utilized by us in the provision of our call center services. Although we quickly and actively managed the Security Event, such event caused disruption to parts of our business, including certain aspects of our provision of call center services. Although we actively communicated with customers and worked to minimize disruption, we cannot guarantee that customer relationships were not harmed as a result of the Security Event. 
 We are experiencing an increase in frequency of cyber-fraud attempts, such as so-called social engineering attacks and phishing scams, which typically seek unauthorized money transfers or information disclosure. We actively train our employees to recognize these attacks and have implemented proactive risk mitigation measures to identify and to attempt to prevent these attacks. There are no assurances, however, that these attacks, which are growing in sophistication, may not deceive our employees, resulting in a material loss. 
 While we have taken reasonable measures to protect our systems and processes from unauthorized intrusions and cyber-fraud, we cannot be certain that advances in cyber-criminal capabilities, discovery of new system vulnerabilities, and attempts to exploit such vulnerabilities will not compromise or breach the technology protecting our systems and the information that we manage and control, which could result in damage to our systems, our business, our reputation, and our profitability. 
 We cannot assure you that our systems, databases and services will not be compromised or disrupted in the future, whether as a result of deliberate attacks by malicious actors, breaches due to employee error or malfeasance, or other disruptions during the process of upgrading or replacing computer software or hardware, power outages, computer viruses, telecommunication or utility failures or natural disasters or other catastrophic events. We work to monitor and develop our information technology networks and infrastructure to prevent, detect, address and mitigate the risk of unauthorized access, misuse, computer viruses and other events that could have a security impact. 
 The preventive actions we take to address cybersecurity risk, including protection of our systems and networks, may be insufficient to repel or mitigate the effects of cyberattacks in the future as it may not always be possible to anticipate, detect or recognize threats to our systems, or to implement effective preventive measures against all cybersecurity risks. This is because, among other things: 

the techniques used in cyberattacks change frequently and may not be recognized until after the attacks have succeeded 

cyberattacks can originate from a wide variety of sources, including sophisticated threat actors involved in organized crime, sponsored by nation-states, or linked to terrorist or hacktivist organizations and 

third parties may seek to gain access to our systems either directly or using equipment or security passwords belonging to employees, customers, third-party service providers or other users. 

 13 
 
 Table of Contents 
 Unauthorized disclosure, loss or corruption of our data or inability of our clients and their customers to access our systems could disrupt our operations, subject us to substantial regulatory and legal proceedings and potential liability, result in a material loss of business and/or significantly harm our reputation. 
 We may not be able to immediately address the consequences of a cybersecurity incident because a successful breach of our computer systems, software, networks or other technology assets could occur and persist for an extended period of time before being detected due to, among other things: 

the breadth and complexity of our operations 

the large number of clients, counterparties and third-party service providers with which we do business 

the proliferation and increasing sophistication of cyberattacks 

the possibility that a malicious third party compromises the software, hardware or services that we procure from a service provider unbeknownst to both the provider and to the Company and 

the possibility that a third party, after establishing a foothold on an internal network without being detected, might obtain access to other networks and systems. 

 The extent of a particular cybersecurity incident and the steps that we may need to take to investigate it may not be immediately clear, and it may take a significant amount of time before such an investigation can be completed and full and reliable information about the incident is known. While such an investigation is ongoing, we may not necessarily know the extent of the harm or how best to remediate it, and certain errors or actions could be repeated or compounded before they are discovered and remediated, any or all of which could further increase the costs and consequences of a cybersecurity incident. 
 Due to concerns about data security and integrity, a growing number of legislative and regulatory bodies have adopted consumer notification and other requirements in the event that consumer information is accessed by unauthorized persons and additional regulations regarding the use, access, accuracy and security of such data are possible. In the United States, we are subject to federal and state laws that provide for disparate notification regimes. In the event of unauthorized access, our failure to comply with the complexities of these various regulations could subject us to regulatory scrutiny and additional liability. 
 If our cloud platforms and third-party software and systems experience disruptions due to technology failures or cyberattacks and if we fail to correct such impacts promptly, our business will be materially impacted. 
 Our cloud platforms and third-party software and systems that we use to serve our clients are complex and may, from time to time have service interruptions, contain design defects, configuration or coding errors, and other vulnerabilities that may be difficult to detect or correct, and which may be outside of our control. We may not have sufficient redundant operations to cover a loss or failure of our systems in a timely manner. Any significant interruption could severely harm our business and reputation and result in a loss of revenue and clients. Although our commercial agreements limit our exposure from such occurrences, they may not always effectively protect us against claims in all jurisdictions and against third-party claims. If our clients business is damaged, our reputation could suffer, we could be subject to contract termination and payments for damages, adversely affecting our business, our reputation, our results of operations and financial condition. 
 If we fail to maintain and improve our systems, demand for our services could be adversely affected. 
 In our markets, there are continuous improvements in computer hardware, network operating systems and technologies. These improvements, as well as changes in client preferences or regulatory requirements, may require changes in the technology used to gather and process our data and deliver our services. Our future success will depend, in part, upon our ability to: 

internally develop and implement new and competitive technologies 

use leading third-party technologies effectively 

respond to changing client needs and regulatory requirements and 

transition client and their customer data and data sources successfully to new interfaces or other technologies. 

 14 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 We cannot provide assurance that we will successfully implement new technologies, cause our cloud platforms and third-party software and systems providers to implement compatible technologies or adapt our technology to evolving customer, regulatory and competitive requirements. If we fail to respond or fail to cause our cloud platforms and third-party software and systems providers to respond, to changes in technology, regulatory requirements or client preferences, the demand for our services, the delivery of our services or our market reputation could be adversely affected. Additionally, our failure to implement important updates could affect our ability to successfully meet the timeline for us to generate cost savings resulting from our investments in improved technology. Failure to achieve any of these objectives would impede our ability to deliver strong financial results. 
 Faneuil s business is subject to many regulatory requirements, and current or future regulation could significantly increase Faneuil s cost of doing business. 
 Faneuil s business is subject to many laws and regulatory requirements in the United States, covering such matters as data privacy, consumer protection, healthcare requirements, labor relations, taxation, internal and disclosure control obligations, governmental affairs and immigration. For example, Faneuil is subject to state and federal laws and regulations regarding the protection of consumer information commonly referred to as non-public personal information. For instance, the collection of patient data through Faneuil s contact center services is subject to HIPAA, which protects the privacy of patients data. These laws, regulations, and agreements require Faneuil to develop and implement policies to protect non-public personal information and to disclose these policies to consumers before a customer relationship is established and periodically after that. These laws, regulations, and agreements limit the ability to use or disclose non-public personal information for purposes other than the ones originally intended. Many of these regulations, including those related to data privacy, are frequently changing and sometimes conflict with existing ones among the various jurisdictions in which Faneuil provides services. Violations of these laws and regulations could result in liability for damages, fines, criminal prosecution, unfavorable publicity, and restrictions placed on Faneuil operations. Faneuil s failure to adhere to or successfully implement processes in response to changing regulatory requirements in this area could result in legal liability or impairment to Faneuil s reputation in the marketplace, which could have a material adverse effect on Faneuil s business, results of operations and financial condition. In addition, because a substantial portion of Faneuil operating costs consists of labor costs, changes in governmental regulations relating to wages, healthcare and healthcare reform and other benefits or employment taxes could have a material adverse effect on Faneuil s business, results of operations or financial condition. 
 Matters relating to employment and labor laws and prevailing wage standards may adversely affect our business. 
 The industries in which Faneuil competes is labor intensive and governed by various federal and state labor laws with respect to its relationship with its employees. Faneuil s ability to meet its labor needs on a cost-effective basis is subject to numerous external factors, including the availability of qualified personnel in the workforce in the local markets in which it operates, unemployment levels within those markets, prevailing wage rates, health and other insurance costs and changes in employment and labor laws. Such laws related to employee hours, wages, job classification and benefits could significantly increase Faneuil s operating costs. Faneuil is also subject to employee claims against it based on such laws and other actions or inactions of its employees. Some or all of these claims may give rise to litigation, including class action litigation under the Fair Labor Standards Act and state wage and hour lawsuits. Such class action lawsuits are typically brought by specialized plaintiff law firms who often seek large settlements based entirely on the number of potential plaintiffs in a class, whether or not there is any basis for the claims that they make on behalf of their clients, most of whom do not believe themselves to be aggrieved nor seek recourse until solicited. Due to the inherent uncertainties of litigation, Faneuil may not be able to accurately determine the impact on it of any future adverse outcome of such proceedings. The ultimate resolution of these matters could have a material adverse impact on Faneuil s financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity. In addition, regardless of the outcome, these proceedings could result in substantial cost to Faneuil and may require Faneuil to devote substantial resources to defend itself. 
 Additionally, in the event prevailing wage rates increase in the local markets in which Faneuil operates, Faneuil may be required to concurrently increase the wages paid to its employees to maintain the quality of its workforce and customer service. To the extent such increases are not covered by our customers, Faneuil s profit margins may decrease as a result. If Faneuil is unable to hire and retain employees capable of meeting its business needs and expectations, its business and brand image may be impaired. Any failure to meet Faneuil s staffing needs or any material increase in turnover rates of its employees may adversely affect its business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 Further, Faneuil relies on the ability to attract and retain labor on a cost-effective basis. The availability of labor in the local markets in which Faneuil operates has declined in recent years and competition for such labor has increased, especially under the economic crises experienced throughout the COVID-19 pandemic. Faneuil s ability to attract and retain a sufficient workforce on a cost-effective basis depends on several factors discussed above, including the ability to protect staff during the COVID-19 pandemic. Faneuil may not be able to attract and retain a sufficient workforce on a cost-effective basis in the future. In the event of increased costs of attracting and retaining a workforce, Faneuil s profit margins may decline as a result. 
 15 
 
 Table of Contents 
 Risks Related to Phoenix 
 Economic weakness and uncertainty, as well as the effects of these conditions on Phoenix s customers and suppliers, could reduce demand for or the ability of Phoenix to provide its products and services. 
 Economic conditions related to Phoenix, Phoenix s customers, and Phoenix s suppliers, could negatively impact Phoenix s business and results of operations. Phoenix has experienced, and may continue to experience, reduced demand for certain of its products and services. As a result of uncertainty about global economic conditions, including factors such as unemployment, bankruptcies, financial market volatility, sovereign debt issues, government budget deficits, tariffs, and other factors which continue to affect the global economy, Phoenix s customers and suppliers may experience further deterioration of their businesses, suffer cash flow shortages or file for bankruptcy. In turn, existing or potential customers may delay or decline to purchase Phoenix products and related services, and Phoenix s suppliers and customers may not be able to fulfill their obligations to it in a timely fashion. 
 Educational textbook cover and component sales depend on continued government funding for educational spending, which impacts demand by its customers, and may be affected by changes in or continued restrictions on local, state and/or federal funding and school budgets. As a result, a reduction in consumer discretionary spending or disposable income and/or adverse trends in the general economy (and consumer perceptions of those trends) may affect Phoenix more significantly than other businesses in other industries. 
 In addition, customer difficulties could result in increases in bad debt write-offs and increases to Phoenix s allowance for doubtful accounts receivable. Further, Phoenix s suppliers may experience similar conditions as its customers, which may impact their viability and their ability to fulfill their obligations to Phoenix. Negative changes in these or related economic factors could materially adversely affect Phoenix s business. 
 A substantial decrease or interruption in business from Phoenix s significant customers or suppliers could adversely affect its business. 
 Phoenix has significant customer and supplier concentration. For additional information regarding customer and supplier concentrations, see Part IV, Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules Note 5. Concentration Risks. Any significant cancellation, deferral or reduction in the quantity or type of products sold to these principal customers or a significant number of smaller customers, including as a result of Phoenix s failure to perform, the impact of economic weakness and challenges to customer businesses, a change in buying habits, further industry consolidation or the impact of the shift to alternative methods of content delivery, including digital distribution and printing, to customers, could have a material adverse effect on Phoenix business. Further, if Phoenix s significant customers, in turn, are not able to secure large orders, they will not be able to place orders with Phoenix. A substantial decrease or interruption in business from Phoenix s significant customers could result in write-offs or the loss of future business and could have a material adverse effect on Phoenix s business. 
 Additionally, Phoenix purchases certain limited grades of paper to produce book and component products. If Phoenix s suppliers reduce their supplies or discontinue these grades of paper, Phoenix may be unable to fulfill its contract obligations, which could have a material adverse effect on its business. See Part IV, Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules Note 5. Concentration Risks. 
 The impact of digital media and similar technological changes, including the substitution of printed products with digital content, may continue to adversely affect the results of Phoenix s operations. 
 The industry in which Phoenix operates is experiencing rapid change due to the impact of digital media and content on printed products. Electronic delivery of information offers alternatives to traditional delivery in the form of print materials provided by Phoenix. Further improvements in the accessibility and quality of digital media, mobile technologies, e-reader technologies, digital retailing and the digital distribution of documents and data has resulted and may continue to result in increased consumer substitution away from Phoenix s printed products. Continued acceptance by consumers and educational institutions of such digital media, as an alternative to print materials, is uncertain and difficult to predict and may decrease the demand for the Phoenix s printed products, result in reduced pricing for its printing services and additional excess capacity in the printing industry, and could materially adversely affect Phoenix s business. 
 Fluctuations in the cost and availability of raw materials could increase Phoenix cost of sales. 
 To produce its products, Phoenix is dependent upon the availability of raw materials, including paper, ink, and adhesives, the price and availability of which are affected by numerous factors beyond its control. These factors include: 

the level of consumer demand for these materials and downstream products containing or using these materials 

the supply of these materials and the impact of industry consolidation 

 16 
 
 Table of Contents 

government regulation and taxes 

market uncertainty 

volatility in the capital and credit markets 

environmental conditions and regulations and 

political and global economic conditions. 

 Any material increase in the price of key raw materials could adversely impact Phoenix cost of sales or result in the loss of availability of such materials at reasonable prices. When these fluctuations result in significantly higher raw material costs, Phoenix s operating results are adversely affected to the extent it is unable to pass on these increased costs to its customers or to the extent they materially affect customer buying habits. Significant fluctuations in prices for paper, ink, and adhesives could, therefore, have a material adverse effect on Phoenix s business. 
 Phoenix is subject to environmental obligations and liabilities that could impose substantial costs upon Phoenix. 
 Phoenix s operations are subject to a variety of federal, state, local and foreign laws and regulations governing emissions to air, discharge to water, the generation, handling, storage, transportation, treatment and disposal of hazardous substances and other materials, and employee health and safety matters. As an owner and operator of real property and a generator of hazardous substances, Phoenix may be subject to environmental cleanup liability, regardless of fault, pursuant to the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act or analogous state laws, as well as to claims for harm to health or property or for natural resource damages arising out of contamination or exposure to hazardous substances. Some current or past operations have involved metalworking and plating, printing and other activities that have resulted in or could result in environmental conditions giving rise to liabilities. If Phoenix incurs significant expenses related to environmental cleanup or damages stemming from harm or alleged harm to health, property or natural resources arising from contamination or exposure to hazardous substances, Phoenix s business may be materially and adversely affected. 
 Risks Related to our Businesses Generally 
 A widespread health crisis, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 A widespread health crisis, including the COVID-19 pandemic, and related governmental responses may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. These effects could include disruptions to our workforce due to illness or shelter-in-place restrictions, temporary closures of our facilities, the interruption of our supply chains and distribution channels, and similar effects on our customers or suppliers that may impact their ability to perform under their contracts with us or cause them to curtail their business with us. In addition, we have taken and will continue to take temporary precautionary measures intended to help minimize the risk of COVID-19 to our employees, including requiring certain employees to work remotely and suspending non-essential travel and in-person meetings, which could negatively affect our business. Further, COVID-19 has and is expected to continue to adversely affect the economies and financial markets of many countries and most areas of the United States, which may affect demand for our products and services and our ability to obtain additional financing for our business. Further impacts specific to our subsidiaries businesses may include: 

Prolonged interruption of Faneuil s physical customer contact centers due to illness or stay-at-home regulations and costs related to transitioning to work from home arrangements 

Reduced demand for Faneuil s toll services as travel declines 

Disruption of Phoenix s production facilities due to illness or stay-at-home regulations and 

Similar impacts that negatively affect Phoenix s significant customer or suppliers. 

 Any of these events could materially and adversely affect our business and our financial results. To the extent that the COVID-19 pandemic adversely affects our business and financial results, it may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described in this Risk Factors section, such as those relating to our high level of indebtedness, our need to generate sufficient cash flows to service our indebtedness and our ability to comply with the covenants contained in our credit agreement. 
 The extent to which COVID-19 will impact our business and our financial results will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted with certainty. Such developments may include the ongoing spread of the virus, the vaccination rates against the virus, the emergence of new variants of the virus, the severity of the disease, the duration of the outbreak and the type and duration of actions that may be taken by various governmental authorities in response to the outbreak and the impact 
 17 
 
 Table of Contents 
 on the economy. As a result, at the time of this filing, it is not possible to predict the overall impact of COVID-19 on our business, liquidity, and financial results. 
 We previously received a notice of failure to satisfy a continued listing rule from the Nasdaq. 
 
 On April 9, 2020, we received a letter from the Listing Qualifications Department of the Nasdaq Stock Market Nasdaq indicating that, based upon the closing bid price of our common stock for the last 30 consecutive business days, we did not meet the minimum bid price of 1.00 per share required for continued listing on The Nasdaq Global Market pursuant to Nasdaq Listing Rule 5450(a)(1). Pursuant to the initial Nasdaq notice and Rule 5810(c)(3)(A) of the Nasdaq Listing Rules, we originally had 180 calendar days from the date of the notice, or until October 6, 2020, to regain compliance with the minimum bid price requirement in Rule 5550(a)(2) by achieving a closing bid price for our common stock of at least 1.00 per share over a minimum of 10 consecutive business days. However, on April 17, 2020, we received a second letter from the Nasdaq indicating that, given the extraordinary market conditions, effective as of April 16, 2020, the Nasdaq has determined to toll the compliance periods for the minimum bid price requirement through June 30, 2020, such that we had until December 21, 2020, to regain compliance. On November 5, 2020, we received a notice from NASDAQ that we had regained compliance with Listing Rule 5450(a)(1). Despite Nasdaq now considering this matter closed, there can be no assurance that we will be able to remain in compliance with the minimum bid price requirement or with other Nasdaq listing requirements in the future. If we are unable to remain in compliance with the minimum bid price requirement or with any of the other continued listing requirements, the Nasdaq may take steps to delist our common stock, which could have adverse results, including, but not limited to, a decrease in the liquidity and market price of our common stock, loss of confidence by our employees and investors, loss of business opportunities, and limitations in potential financing options. 
 Our ability to engage in some business transactions may be limited by the terms of our debt. 
 Our financing documents contain affirmative and negative financial covenants restricting ALJ, Faneuil, and Phoenix. Specifically, our loan facilities covenants restrict ALJ, Faneuil, and Phoenix from : 

incurring additional debt 

making certain capital expenditures 

allowing liens to exist 

entering transactions with affiliates 

guaranteeing the debt of other entities, including joint ventures 

merging, consolidating, or otherwise combining with another company or 

transferring or selling our assets. 

 Our ability to borrow under our loan arrangements depends on our compliance with certain covenants and borrowing base requirements. A significant deterioration in our profitability and/or cash flow, whether caused by our inability to grow our businesses in a profitable manner, or by events beyond our control, may cause us to fall out of compliance with such covenants and borrowing base requirements. The failure to comply with these covenants and requirements could result in an event of default under our loan arrangements that, if not cured or waived, could terminate such party s ability to borrow further, permit acceleration of the relevant debt (and other indebtedness based on cross-default provisions) and permit foreclosure on any collateral granted as security under the loan arrangements, which includes substantially all of our assets. Accordingly, any default under our loan facilities could also result in a material adverse effect on us that may result in our lenders seeking to recover from us or against our assets. There can also be no assurance that the lenders will grant waivers on covenant violations if they occur. Any such event of default would have a material adverse effect on us. 
 We have substantial indebtedness and our ability to generate cash to service our indebtedness depends on factors that are beyond our control. 
 We currently have, and will likely continue to have, a substantial amount of indebtedness, some of which require us to make a lump-sum or balloon payment at maturity. Our indebtedness could, among other things, make it more difficult for us to satisfy our debt obligations, require us to use a large portion of our cash flow from operations to repay and service our debt or otherwise create liquidity problems, limit our flexibility to adjust to market conditions and place us at a competitive disadvantage. We expect to obtain the money to pay our expenses and pay the principal and interest on our indebtedness from cash flow from our operations and potentially from debt or equity offerings. However, if we do not have sufficient funds to repay the debt at maturity of these loans, we will need to refinance this debt. If the credit environment is constrained at the time the balloon payment is due or our indebtedness otherwise matures, we may not be able to refinance our existing indebtedness on acceptable terms and may be forced to choose from a 
 18 
 
 Table of Contents 
 number of unfavorable options. These options include agreeing to otherwise unfavorable financing terms, selling assets on disadvantageous terms or defaulting on the loan and permitting the lender to foreclose. Accordingly, our ability to meet our obligations depends on our future performance and capital raising activities, which will be affected by financial, business, economic and other factors, many of which are beyond our control. If our cash flow and capital resources prove inadequate to allow us to pay the principal and interest on our debt and meet our other obligations, our ability to execute our business plan and effectively compete in the marketplace may be materially adversely affected. 
 The industries in which our subsidiaries operate are highly competitive, which could decrease demand for our subsidiaries products or force them to lower their prices, which could have a material adverse effect on their business and our financial results. 
 Faneuil primarily competes based on quality, performance, innovation, technology, price, applications expertise, system and service flexibility, and established customer service capabilities, as its services relate to toll collection, customer contact centers, and employee staffing. Faneuil may not be able to compete effectively on all these fronts or with all of its competitors. 
 Phoenix competes directly or indirectly with several established book and book component manufacturers. New distribution channels such as digital formats, the internet and online retailers and growing delivery platforms e.g ., tablets and e-readers), combined with the concentration of retailer power, pose threats and provide opportunities to traditional consumer publishing models, potentially impacting both sales volumes and pricing. 
 C ompetitive pressures or the inability by our subsidiaries to adapt effectively and quickly to a changing competitive landscape could affect prices, margins or demand for products and services. If our subsidiaries are unable to respond timely and appropriately to these competitive pressures, from existing or new competitors, their business, market share and financial performance could be adversely affected. 
 A failure to attract and retain necessary personnel, skilled management, and qualified subcontractors may have an adverse impact on the business of our subsidiaries. 
 Because each of our subsidiaries operates in intensely competitive markets, its success depends to a significant extent upon each subsidiary s ability to attract, retain and motivate highly skilled and qualified personnel and to subcontract with qualified, competent subcontractors. If our subsidiaries fail to attract, develop, motivate, retain, and effectively utilize personnel with the desired levels of training or experience, or, as applicable, are unable to contract with qualified, competent subcontractors, their business will be harmed. Experienced and capable personnel remain in high demand, and there is continual competition for their talents. Quality service depends on the ability to retain employees and control personnel turnover, as any increase in the employee turnover rate could increase recruiting and training costs and could decrease operating effectiveness and productivity. Additionally, our subsidiaries businesses are driven in part by the personal relationships, skills, experience and performance of each subsidiary s senior management team. Despite executing employment agreements with members of each subsidiary s senior management team, such members may discontinue service with our subsidiaries and we may not be able to find individuals to replace them at the same cost, or at all. The loss or interruption of the services of any key employee or the loss of a key subcontractor relationship could hurt our business, financial condition, cash flow, results of operations and prospects. 
 Changes in interest rates may increase our interest expense. 
 
 As of September 30, 2021, 99.5 million of our current borrowings under the Blue Torch Term Loan, Amended PNC Revolver, and potential future borrowings are, and may continue to be, at variable rates of interest, tied to LIBOR or the Prime Rate of interest, thus exposing us to interest rate risk. Such rates tend to fluctuate based on general economic conditions, general interest rates, Federal Reserve rates and the supply of and demand for credit in the relevant interbanking market. In recent years, the Fed has incrementally changed the target range for the federal funds rate. Changes in the interest rate generally, and particularly when coupled with any significant variable rate indebtedness, could materially adversely impact our interest expense. If interest rates changed in the future by 100 basis points, based on our current borrowings as of September 30, 2021, our interest expense would increase or decrease by 1.0 million per year. 
 
 Further, the United Kingdom s Financial Conduct Authority, which regulates LIBOR, has announced that it intends to stop encouraging or compelling banks to submit rates for the calculation of LIBOR rates after 2021 (the FCA Announcement ). The U.S. Federal Reserve, in conjunction with the Alternative Reference Rates Committee, a steering committee comprised of large U.S. financial institutions, is considering replacing U.S. dollar LIBOR with a new index, the Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR ), calculated using short-term repurchase agreements backed by Treasury securities. We are evaluating the potential impact of the eventual replacement of the LIBOR benchmark interest rate however, we are not able to predict whether LIBOR will cease to be available after 2021 or whether SOFR will become a widely accepted benchmark in place of LIBOR. Although it is not possible to predict the effect the FCA Announcement, any discontinuation, modification or other reforms to LIBOR or the establishment of 
 19 
 
 Table of Contents 
 alternative reference rates such as SOFR may have on LIBOR, we do not expect the effect to have a material impact on our interest expense. 
 
 We may not receive the full amounts estimated under the contracts in our backlog, which could reduce our revenue in future periods below the levels anticipated. This makes backlog an uncertain indicator of future operating results. 
 
 As of September 30, 2021, both of our subsidiaries had a significant backlog. Our backlog is typically subject to large variations from quarter to quarter and comparisons of backlog from period to period are not necessarily indicative of future revenue. The contracts comprising our backlog may not result in actual revenue in any particular period or at all, and the actual revenue from such contracts may differ from our backlog estimates. The timing of receipt of revenue, if any, for projects included in backlog could change because many factors affect the scheduling of projects. In certain instances, customers may have the right to cancel, reduce or defer amounts that we have in our backlog, which could negatively affect our future revenue. The failure to realize all amounts in our backlog could adversely affect our revenue and gross margins. As a result, our subsidiaries backlog as of any particular date may not be an accurate indicator of our future revenue or earnings. 
 Some of our officers may have outside business interests, which could impair our ability to implement our business strategies and lead to potential conflicts of interest. 
 Some of our officers, in the course of their other business activities, may become aware of investments, business or other information which may be appropriate for presentation to us as well as to other entities to which they owe a fiduciary duty. They may also in the future become affiliated with entities that are engaged in business or other activities similar to those we intend to conduct. As a result, they may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity particular opportunities or information should be presented. If, as a result of such conflict, we are deprived of investments, business or information, the execution of our business plan and our ability to effectively compete in the marketplace may be adversely affected. 
 We may not be able to consummate additional acquisitions and dispositions on acceptable terms or at all. Furthermore, we and our subsidiaries may not be able to integrate acquisitions successfully and achieve anticipated synergies, or the acquisitions and dispositions we and our subsidiaries pursue could disrupt our business and harm our financial condition and operating results. 
 As part of our business strategy, we intend to continue to pursue acquisitions and dispositions. Acquisitions and dispositions could involve a number of risks and present financial, managerial and operational challenges, including: 

adverse developments with respect to our results of operations as a result of an acquisition which may require us to incur charges and/or substantial debt or liabilities 

disruption of our ongoing business and diversion of resources and management attention from existing businesses and strategic matters 

difficulty with assimilation and integration of operations, technologies, products, personnel or financial or other systems 

increased expenses, including compensation expenses resulting from newly hired employees and/or workforce integration and restructuring 

disruption of relationships with current and new personnel, customers, and suppliers 

integration challenges related to implementing or improving internal controls, procedures and/or policies at a business that prior to the acquisition lacked the same level of controls, procedures and/or policies 

assumption of certain known and unknown liabilities of the acquired business 

regulatory challenges or resulting delays and 

potential disputes (including with respect to indemnification claims) with the buyers of disposed businesses or with the sellers of acquired businesses, technologies, services, or products. 

 We may not be able to consummate acquisitions or dispositions on favorable terms or at all. Our ability to consummate acquisitions will be limited by our ability to identify appropriate acquisition candidates, to negotiate acceptable terms for purchase and our access to financial resources, including available cash and borrowing capacity. In addition, we could experience financial or other setbacks if we are unable to realize, or are delayed in realizing, the anticipated benefits resulting from an acquisition, if we incur greater than expected costs in achieving the anticipated benefits or if any business that we acquire or invest in encounters problems or liabilities which we were not aware of or were more extensive than believed. 
 20 
 
 Table of Contents 
 Our net operating loss carryforwards could be substantially limited if we experience an ownership change, as defined in Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code. 
 Our ability to utilize net operating losses NOLs and built-in losses under Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code (the Code and tax credit carryforwards to offset our future taxable income and/or to recover previously paid taxes would be limited if we were to undergo an ownership change within the meaning of Section 382 of the Code, which is generally any change in ownership of more than 50 of its stock over a three-year period. These rules generally operate by focusing on ownership changes among stockholders owning directly or indirectly 5 or more of the stock of a company and any change in ownership arising from a new issuance of stock by the company. Depending on the resulting limitation, a significant portion of our NOLs could expire before we would be able to use them. At the end of our most recent fiscal year, September 30, 2021, we had net operating loss carryforwards for federal income tax purposes of approximately 135.1 million that start expiring in 2022. Approximately 109.1 million of the carryforward expires in 2022. Our inability to utilize our NOLs would have a negative impact on our financial position and results of operations. 
 In August 2018, our shareholders approved the amendment of certain provisions in our Restated Certificate of Incorporation, updating certain restrictions on transfers of our stock that may result in an ownership change within the meaning of Section 382 in order to preserve stockholder value and the value of certain tax assets primarily associated with NOLs and built-in losses under Section 382. We do not believe we have experienced an ownership change as defined by Section 382 in the last three years. However, whether a change in ownership occurs in the future is largely outside of our control, and there can be no assurance that such a change will not occur. 
 The concentration of our capital stock ownership with insiders will likely limit your ability to influence corporate matters. 
 Our executive officers and directors and their affiliated entities together beneficially owned approximately 56.0 of our outstanding common stock at November 30, 2021. Jess Ravich, our current Chief Executive Officer, beneficially owned approximately 47.4 of our common stock as of November 30, 2021. As a result, these stockholders, if they act together or in a block, could have significant influence over most matters that require approval by our stockholders, including the election of directors and approval of significant corporate transactions, even if other stockholders oppose them. This concentration of ownership might also have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control of our company that other stockholders may view as beneficial. 
 We do not currently plan to pay dividends to holders of our common stock. 
 We do not currently anticipate paying cash dividends to the holders of our common stock. Accordingly, holders of our common stock must rely on price appreciation as the sole method to realize a gain on their investment. There can be no assurances that the price of our common stock will ever appreciate in value. 
 Certain provisions in our Restated Certificate of Incorporation contain transfer restrictions that may have the effect of delaying or preventing beneficial takeover bids by third parties. 
 Our Restated Certificate of Incorporation imposes certain restrictions on transfer of stock designed to preserve the value of certain tax assets primarily associated with our NOLs and built-in losses under Section 382. These restrictions prohibit certain transfers that would result in a person or a group of persons acquiring 5 of more of ALJ s outstanding stock, unless otherwise approved by our Board of Directors or a committee thereof. While such transfer restrictions are intended to protect our NOLs and built-in losses under Section 382, they may also have the effect of delaying or preventing beneficial takeover bids by third parties. 
 Changes in U.S. tax laws could have a material adverse effect on our business, cash flow, results of operations or financial conditions 
 On December 22, 2017, then President Trump signed into law the final version of the Tax Reform Law. The Tax Reform Law significantly reforms the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, with many of its provisions effective for tax years beginning on or after January 1, 2018. The Tax Reform Law, among other things, contains significant changes to corporate taxation, including a permanent reduction of the corporate income tax rate, a partial limitation on the deductibility of business interest expense, a limitation of the deduction for net operating loss carryforwards, an indefinite net operating loss carryforward and the elimination of the two-year net operating loss carryback, temporary, immediate expensing for certain new investments and the modification or repeal of many business deductions and credits. We continue to examine the impact this tax reform legislation may have on our business. Notwithstanding the reduction in the corporate income tax rate, the overall impact of the Tax Reform Law is uncertain and our business and financial condition could be adversely affected. The impact of this reform on our stockholders is uncertain. Stockholders should consult with their tax advisors regarding the effect of the Tax Reform Law and other potential changes to the U.S. Federal tax laws on them. 
 21 
 
 Table of Contents 
 The market price of our common stock is volatile. 
 The market price of our common stock could fluctuate substantially in the future in response to a number of factors, including the following: 

our quarterly operating results or the operating results of other companies in our industry 

changes in general conditions in the economy, the financial markets or our industry 

relatively low trading volumes 

announcements by our competitors of significant acquisitions and 

the occurrence of various risks described in these Risk Factors. 

 Also, the stock market has experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations recently. This volatility has had a significant impact on the market prices of securities issued by many companies for reasons unrelated to their operating performance. These broad market fluctuations may materially adversely affect our stock price, regardless of our operating results. 
 We are subject to claims arising in the ordinary course of our business that could be time-consuming, result in costly litigation and settlements or judgments, require significant amounts of management attention and result in the diversion of significant operational resources, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 We, our officers, and our subsidiaries, are currently involved in, and from time to time may become involved in, legal proceedings or be subject to claims arising in the ordinary course of our business. Litigation is inherently unpredictable, time-consuming and distracting to our management team, and the expenses of conducting litigation are not inconsequential. Such distraction and expense may adversely affect the execution of our business plan and our ability to compete effectively in the marketplace. Further, if we do not prevail in litigation in which we may be involved, our results could be adversely affected, in some cases, materially. For additional information, see Part IV, Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules Note 9. Commitments and Contingencies - Litigation, Claims, and Assessments . 
 Any business disruptions due to political instability, armed hostilities, acts of terrorism, natural disasters or other unforeseen events could adversely affect our financial performance. 
 If terrorist activities, armed conflicts, political instability, or natural disasters, including climate change related events, occur in the United States, such events may negatively affect the operations of our subsidiaries, cause general economic conditions to deteriorate or cause demand for our subsidiaries services to decline. A prolonged economic slowdown or recession could reduce the demand for our subsidiaries services, and consequently, negatively affect our subsidiaries future sales and profits. Additionally, certain of our subsidiaries are dependent on key production facilities and certain specialized machines. Any disruption of production capabilities due to unforeseen events at any of our subsidiaries principal facilities could adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows, and financial condition. 
 Account data breaches involving stored data, or the misuse of such data could adversely affect our reputation, performance, and financial condition. 
 We and each of our subsidiaries provide services that involve the storage of non-public information. Cyber-attacks designed to gain access to sensitive information are constantly evolving, and high-profile electronic security breaches leading to unauthorized releases of sensitive information have occurred recently at several major U.S. companies, including several large retailers, despite widespread recognition of the cyber-attack threat and improved data protection methods. Any breach of the systems on which sensitive data and account information are stored or archived and any misuse by our employees, by employees of data archiving services or by other unauthorized users of such data could lead to damage to our reputation, claims against us and other potential increases in costs. If we are unsuccessful in defending any lawsuit involving such data security breaches or misuse, we may be forced to pay damages, which could materially and adversely affect our profitability and financial condition. Also, damage to our reputation stemming from such breaches could adversely affect our prospects. As the regulatory environment relating to companies obligations to protect such sensitive data becomes stricter, a material failure on our part to comply with applicable regulations could subject us to fines or other regulatory sanctions. 
 22 
 
 Table of Contents 
 Your share ownership may be diluted by the issuance of additional shares of our common or preferred stock in the future. 
 Your share ownership may be diluted by the issuance of additional shares of our common or preferred stock or securities convertible into common or preferred stock in the future. As of September 30, 2021, a total of 1,425,000 shares of our common stock are issuable pursuant to outstanding options issued by us at a weighted-average exercise price of 3.45, and 1,610,538 shares of our common stock are issuable pursuant to outstanding warrants at a weighted-average exercise price of 0.56. As of September 30, 2021, ALJ had debt that was convertible into 11,158,357 shares of common stock at the discretion of the debt holder. It is probable that options or warrants to purchase our common stock, or debt that is convertible into common stock, will be exercised during their respective terms if the fair market value of our common stock exceeds the exercise price of the particular option or warrant. If the stock options or warrants are exercised, your share ownership will be diluted. Additionally, options to purchase up to 1,375,000 shares of ALJ common stock are available for grant under our existing equity compensation plans as of September 30, 2021. 
 In addition, our Board of Directors may determine from time to time that we need to raise additional capital by issuing additional shares of our common stock or other securities. We are not restricted from issuing additional common stock or preferred stock, including any securities that are convertible into or exchangeable for, or that represent the right to receive, common or preferred stock. The issuance of any additional shares of common stock or preferred stock or securities convertible into, exchangeable for or that represent the right to receive common or preferred stock, or the exercise of such securities could be substantially dilutive to shareholders of our common stock. New investors also may have rights, preferences, and privileges that are senior to, and that adversely affect, our then current shareholders. Holders of our shares of common stock have no preemptive rights that entitle holders to purchase their pro rata share of any offering of shares of any class or series. The market price of our common stock could decline as a result of sales of shares of our common stock made after this offering or the perception that such sales could occur. We cannot predict or estimate the amount, timing, or nature of our future offerings. Thus, our shareholders bear the risk of our future offerings reducing the market price of our common stock and diluting their stock holdings. 
 We are a smaller reporting company and we may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not smaller reporting companies. 
 We qualify as a smaller reporting company, meaning that we are not an investment company, an asset-backed issuer, or a majority-owned subsidiary of a parent company that is not a smaller reporting company, and have either: (i) a public float of less than 250 million or (ii) annual revenues of less than 100 million during the most recently completed fiscal year and (A) no public float or (B) a public float of less than 700 million. As a smaller reporting company, we are subject to reduced disclosure obligations in our SEC filings compared to other issuers, including with respect to disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements. Until such time as we cease to be a smaller reporting company, such reduced disclosure in our SEC filings may make it harder for investors to analyze our operating results and financial prospects. 
 Climate change related events may have a long-term impact on our business. 
 While we seek to mitigate our business risks associated with climate change, we recognize that there are inherent climate related risks regardless of where we conduct our businesses. Access to clean water and reliable energy in the communities where we conduct our business is a priority. Any of our locations may be vulnerable to the adverse effects of climate change. Climate related events have the potential to disrupt our business, including the business of our customers, and may cause us to experience higher attrition, losses and additional costs to resume operations. 
 ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS. 
 None. 
 23 
 
 Table of Contents 
 ITEM 2. PR OPERTIES. 
 ALJ s corporate mailing address is 244 Madison Avenue, PMB #358, New York, NY 10016. For additional information about the properties of each of ALJ s operating subsidiaries, see Part I, Item 1. Business. 
 ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS. 
 The Company has been named in, and from time to time may become named in, various other lawsuits or threatened actions that are incidental to our ordinary business. For additional information regarding such matters, see Part IV, Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules Note 9. Commitments and Contingencies - Litigation, Claims, and Assessments . 
 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURE. 
 Not applicable. 
 24 
 
 Table of Contents 
 PART II 
 ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES. 
 Market Information 
 On May 11, 2016, our stock began trading on NASDAQ under the ticker symbol ALJJ. Prior to May 11, 2016, our stock traded on the OTC Bulletin Board. Although a market for our common stock exists, it is relatively illiquid. 
 
 Record Holders 
 As of November 30, 2021, there were 118 registered holders of ALJ s common stock. In addition, there are a significant number of holders of ALJ common stock that are street name or beneficial holders, whose shares are held of record by banks, brokers, and other financial institutions. 
 Dividends 
 We have not declared or paid dividends on our common stock to date. We intend to retain any earnings for use in the business for the foreseeable future. 
 Equity Compensation Plan Information 
 On July 11, 2016, ALJ shareholders approved ALJ s Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan (the 2016 Plan ), which allows ALJ and its subsidiaries to grant securities of ALJ to officers, employees, directors or consultants. ALJ believes that equity-based compensation is fundamental to attracting, motivating and retaining highly-qualified dedicated employees who have the skills and experience required to achieve business goals. Further, ALJ believes the 2016 Plan aligns the compensation of directors, officers, and employees with shareholder interest. 
 The 2016 Plan is administered by ALJ s Compensation, Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee (the Compensation, Nominating, and Corporate Governance Committee of the Board. The maximum aggregate number of common stock shares that may be granted under the 2016 Plan is 2,000,000. The 2016 Plan generally provides for the grant of qualified or nonqualified stock options, restricted stock and restricted stock units, unrestricted stock, stock appreciation rights, performance awards and other awards. The Compensation, Nominating, and Corporate Governance Committee has full discretion to set the vesting criteria. The exercise price of a stock option may not be less than 100 of the fair market value of ALJ s common stock on the date of grant. The 2016 Plan prohibits the repricing of outstanding stock options without prior shareholder approval. The term of stock options granted under the 2016 Plan may not exceed ten years. Awards are subject to accelerated vesting upon a change in control in the event the acquiring company does not assume the awards. 
 The Board may amend, alter, or discontinue the 2016 Plan, but shall obtain shareholder approval of any amendment as required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements. 
 25 
 
 Table of Contents 
 The following table sets forth certain information concerning shares of common stock authorized for issuance under the Company s existing equity compensation plans as of September 30, 202 1 : 

Number of 
 securities to be 
 issued upon 
 exercise of 
 outstanding 
 options, warrants 
 and rights 
 (a) 

Weighted average 
 exercise price of 
 outstanding 
 options, warrants 
 and rights 
 (b) 

Number of 
 securities 
 remaining 
 available for 
 future issuance 
 under equity 
 compensation 
 plans (excluding 
 securities 
 reflected in 
 column (a)) 
 (c) 

Equity compensation plans approved by 
 security holders 

625,000 

2.61 

1,375,000 

Equity compensation plans not approved by 
 security holders 

800,000 

4.12 

Total 

1,425,000 

3.45 

1,375,000 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 
 None, other than as previously disclosed by the Company. 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 None. 
 ITEM 6. RESERVED. 
 26 
 
 Table of Contents 
 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. 
 Our Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations MD&A is provided in addition to the accompanying consolidated financial statements and notes to assist readers in understanding our results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows. Our MD&A is organized as follows: 

Overview. Discussion of our business and overall analysis of financial and other highlights affecting us to provide context for the remainder of MD&A. 

Results of Operations . An analysis comparing our financial results for the year ended September 30, 2021 Fiscal 2021 to the year ended September 30, 2020 Fiscal 2020 ). 

Liquidity and Capital Resources . An analysis of changes in our cash flows and discussion of our financial condition and liquidity. 

Contractual Obligations . Discussion of our contractual obligations as of September 30, 2021. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements. Discussion of our off-balance sheet arrangements as of September 30, 2021. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates. This section provides a discussion of the significant estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. 

 The following discussion should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes included in Part IV, Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules. The following discussion contains a number of forward-looking statements that involve a number of risks and uncertainties. Words such as "anticipates," "expects," "intends," "goals," "plans," "believes," "seeks," "estimates," "continues," "may," "will," "should," and variations of such words and similar expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. Such statements are based on our current expectations and could be affected by the risk and uncertainties described in Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors. Our actual results may differ materially. 
 Overview 
 ALJ Regional Holdings, Inc. ALJ or we is a holding company that operates Faneuil, Inc. Faneuil and Phoenix Color Corp. Phoenix ). Additionally, ALJ operated Floors-N-More, LLC, d/b/a Carpets N More Carpets through February 2021. 
 In January 2021, ALJ entered into a Purchase and Sale Agreement PSA ), by and among ALJ, Superior Interior Finishes, LLC, a Nevada limited liability company Superior and Carpets, pursuant to which ALJ agreed to sell 100 of the membership interests of Carpets to Superior for an aggregate purchase price of 0.5 million (the Purchase Price in cash (the Transaction ). At the time of the PSA, Superior was 100 owned by Steve Chesin, the Chief Executive Officer of Carpets. ALJ entered into the PSA because its Carpets business segment had been deemed a non-core holding and had underperformed over the past several years. The Transaction, which was approved by a committee of the Board comprised solely of certain independent directors of the Company, closed in February 2021. As such, the results of operations, assets, liabilities, and cashflows of Carpets were classified as discontinued operations in ALJ s financial statements for all periods presented. See Part IV, Item 15 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules Note 4. Acquisitions and Divestitures Carpets Divestiture for additional information about the divestiture of Carpets. 
 With several members of our senior management and Board of Directors coming from long careers in the professional services industry, ALJ is focused on acquiring and operating exceptional businesses. 
 We continue to see our business evolve as we execute our strategy of buying attractively valued assets. In analyzing the financial impact of any potential acquisition, we focus on earnings, operating margin, cash flow and return on invested capital targets. We hire successful and experienced management teams to run each of our operating companies and incentivize them to drive higher profits. We are focused on increasing our net revenue at each of our operating subsidiaries by investing in sales and marketing, expanding into new products and markets, and evaluating and executing on tuck-in acquisitions, while continually examining our cost structures to drive higher profits. 
 
 In June 2021, we replaced the Cerberus Term Loan with the Blue Torch Term Loan and amended the Cerberus/PNC Financing Agreement (referred to collectively as Debt Refinance to (i) significantly reduce principal payments, (ii) consolidate debt, (iii) update financial covenants, and (iv) extend the maturity dates under both the Blue Torch Term Loan and the Amended PNC Revolver from November 2023 to June 2025. See Part IV, Item 15 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules Note 8. Debt for additional information. 
 
 27 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Impact of Coronavirus Pandemic - Update 
 
 In March 2020, the World Health Organization declared the outbreak of COVID-19 as a pandemic, which continues to spread throughout the world. COVID-19 is having an unprecedented impact on the U.S. economy as federal, state, and local governments react to this public health crisis. 
 
 Since the beginning of the COVID-19 pandemic, all of ALJ s subsidiaries have been deemed Essential Services and have continued to operate with limited disruption. To date, the impact of COVID-19 has been minimal. The Company took immediate actions to enable work-from-home where possible and put in place increased safety precautions, including social distancing, at other locations where essential services on site are required. The duration of these measures is unknown, may be extended, and additional measures may be imposed. 
 
 Although we have not been materially impacted by COVID-19, we could be impacted in the near term by lower volumes in several parts of our business, resulting in lower revenue and profit. While the impact of COVID-19 on our future financial position, results of operations and cash flows cannot be estimated with certainty, such impact could be significantly negative. Although some employees have recently started to return to work, we still have a significant portion of our work force working from home. The extent to which COVID-19 impacts our operations will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain, including, among others, the duration of the outbreak, vaccination rate against the virus, new variants of the virus, new information that may emerge concerning the severity of COVID-19 and the actions, especially those taken by governmental authorities, to contain the pandemic or treat its impact. As events are rapidly changing, additional impacts may arise that are not known at this time. See Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors - Risks Related to our Businesses Generally - A widespread health crisis, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition , for an additional discussion of risks related to COVID-19. 
 
 28 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Results of Operations 
 The following table sets forth certain Consolidated Statements of Operations data as a percentage of net revenue, unless specifically footnoted, for each period as follows: 

Year Ended 
 September 30, 2021 

Year Ended 
 September 30, 2020 

of 

of 

(in thousands, except per share amounts) 

Dollars 

Net Revenue 

Dollars 

Net Revenue 

Net revenue (1) 

Faneuil 

325,226 

73.8 

247,032 

70.6 

Phoenix 

115,627 

26.2 

103,021 

29.4 

Consolidated net revenue 

440,853 

100.0 

350,053 

100.0 

Cost of revenue (2) 

Faneuil 

267,342 

82.2 

203,409 

82.3 

Phoenix (3) 

87,903 

76.0 

79,079 

76.8 

Consolidated cost of revenue 

355,245 

80.6 

282,488 

80.7 

Selling, general, and administrative expense (2) 

Faneuil 

40,130 

12.3 

34,577 

14.0 

Phoenix 

12,981 

11.2 

12,651 

12.3 

ALJ 

7,368 

4,856 

Consolidated selling, general, and administrative expense 

60,479 

13.7 

52,084 

14.9 

Depreciation and amortization expense (2) 

Faneuil 

14,074 

4.3 

12,978 

5.3 

Phoenix (4) 

2,135 

1.8 

2,222 

2.2 

Consolidated depreciation and amortization expense 

16,209 

3.7 

15,200 

4.3 

Impairment of goodwill 

56,492 

16.1 

Gain on disposal of assets and other gain, net 

(191 

(324 

(0.1 

Total consolidated operating expenses 

431,742 

97.9 

405,940 

116.0 

Consolidated operating income (loss) 

9,111 

2.1 

(55,887 

(16.0 

Interest expense 

(10,190 

(2.3 

(10,528 

(3.0 

Interest from legal settlement 

200 

0.1 

Loss on debt extinguishment 

(2,072 

(0.5 

(Provision for) benefit from income taxes 

(429 

(1.0 

2,043 

5.8 

Net loss from continuing operations 

(3,580 

(0.8 

(64,172 

(18.3 

Net loss from discontinued operations 

(1,063 

(0.2 

(3,502 

(1.0 

Net loss 

(4,643 

(1.1 

(67,674 

(19.3 

Loss per share of common stock basic and diluted 

(0.11 

(1.60 

(1) 
 
 Percentage is calculated as segment net revenue divided by consolidated net revenue. 

(2) 
 
 Percentage is calculated as a percentage of the respective segment net revenue. 

(3) 
 
 Includes depreciation expense of 5.4 million and 4.6 million during Fiscal 2021 and Fiscal 2020, respectively. 

(4) 
 
 Primarily amortization of intangible assets. Total depreciation and amortization for Phoenix, including depreciation expense captured in cost of revenue, was 7.5 million and 6.8 million during Fiscal 2021 and Fiscal 2020, respectively. 

 Net Revenue 

Year Ended 
 September 30, 

(in thousands) 

2021 

2020 

Change 

Change 

Faneuil 

325,226 

247,032 

78,194 

31.7 

Phoenix 

115,627 

103,021 

12,606 

12.2 

Consolidated net revenue 

440,853 

350,053 

90,800 

25.9 

29 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Faneuil Net Revenue 
 
 Faneuil net revenue for Fiscal 2021 was 325.2 million, an increase of 78.2 million, or 31.7 , compared to net revenue of 247.0 million for Fiscal 2020. The increase was attributable to a 77.8 million and 17.9 million increase in revenues from new and existing customers, respectively, partly offset by a 17.5 million decrease driven by the completion of customer contracts. 
 Phoenix Net Revenue 
 Phoenix net revenue for Fiscal 2021 was 115.6 million, an increase of 12.6 million, or 12.2 , compared to net revenue of 103.0 million during Fiscal 2020. The increase was primarily attributable to higher component sales primarily related to trade sales. 
 Cost of Revenue 

Year Ended 
 September 30, 

(in thousands) 

2021 

2020 

Change 

Change 

Faneuil 

267,342 

203,409 

63,933 

31.4 

As a percentage of segment net revenue 

82.2 

82.3 

Phoenix 

87,903 

79,079 

8,824 

11.2 

As a percentage of segment net revenue 

76.0 

76.8 

Consolidated cost of revenue 

355,245 

282,488 

72,757 

25.8 

Faneuil Cost of Revenue 
 Faneuil cost of revenue for Fiscal 2021 was 267.3 million, an increase of 63.9 million, or 31.4 , compared to cost of revenue of 203.4 million for Fiscal 2020. The absolute dollar increase in cost of revenue was a direct result of the increased net revenue. During Fiscal 2021, as compared to Fiscal 2020, Faneuil cost of revenue as a percentage of segment net revenue remained consistent at 82.2 and 82.3 , respectively. 
 Phoenix Cost of Revenue 
 Phoenix cost of revenue for Fiscal 2021 was 87.9 million, an increase of 8.8 million, or 11.2 compared to cost of revenue of 79.1 million for Fiscal 2020. The absolute dollar increase in cost of revenue was a direct result of increased net revenue and to a lesser extent an increase in depreciation expense for new press equipment. During Fiscal 2021, as compared to Fiscal 2020, Phoenix cost of revenue as a percentage of segment net revenue decreased slightly to 76.0 from 76.8 , respectively. Phoenix experiences normal fluctuations to cost of revenue as a percentage of segment net revenue as a result of changes to the mix of products sold. Additionally, certain costs do not fluctuate directly with net revenue. 
 Selling, General, and Administrative Expense 

Year Ended 
 September 30, 

(in thousands) 

2021 

2020 

Change 

Change 

Faneuil 

40,130 

34,577 

5,553 

16.1 

Phoenix 

12,981 

12,651 

330 

2.6 

ALJ 

7,368 

4,856 

2,512 

51.7 

Consolidated selling, general and administrative 
 expense 

60,479 

52,084 

8,395 

16.1 

Faneuil Selling, General, and Administrative Expense 
 Faneuil selling, general, and administrative expense for Fiscal 2021 was 40.1 million, an increase of 5.6 million, or 16.1 , compared to selling, general, and administrative expense of 34.6 million for Fiscal 2020. The increase was mainly attributable to higher legal fees, performance-related bonus expense, and other administrative expenses to support the overall growth in Faneuil s business. During Fiscal 2021, as compared to Fiscal 2020, Faneuil selling, general, and administrative expense as a percentage of segment net revenue decreased to 12.3 from 14.0 . Certain selling, general, and administrative expenses do not fluctuate directly with net revenue. As such, we expect selling, general, and administrative expense as a percentage of segment net revenue to fluctuate. 
 30 
 
 Table of Contents 

 Phoenix Selling, General, and Administrative Expense 
 
 Phoenix selling, general, and administrative expense for Fiscal 2021 was 13.0 million, an increase of 0.3 million, or approximately 2.6 , compared to 12.7 million for Fiscal 2020. The increase was mainly attributable to higher performance-related bonus expense offset by lower compensation and travel expenses as a result of COVID-19. Phoenix selling, general, and administrative expense as a percentage of segment net revenue decreased to 11.2 for Fiscal 2021 from 12.3 for Fiscal 2020, which was mainly attributable to the increase to Phoenix net revenue. Certain Phoenix selling, general, and administrative expenses do not fluctuate directly with net revenue. As such, we expect Phoenix selling, general, and administrative expense as a percentage of segment net revenue to fluctuate. 
 
 ALJ Selling, General, and Administrative Expense 
 
 ALJ selling, general, and administrative expense for Fiscal 2021 was 7.4 million, an increase of 2.5 million, or 51.7 , compared to selling, general, and administrative expense of 4.9 million for Fiscal 2020. The increase was mainly attributable to a 2.0 million increased bonus accrual and increased banking fees to support our various Financing Agreement amendments. We expect selling, general, and administrative expense to fluctuate in the future as we comply with SEC reporting requirements and regulations and allocate certain expenses to our subsidiaries. 
 
 Depreciation and Amortization 

Year Ended 
 September 30, 

(in thousands) 

2021 

2020 

Change 

Change 

Faneuil 

14,074 

12,978 

1,096 

8.4 

Phoenix 

2,135 

2,222 

(87 

(3.9 

Consolidated depreciation and amortization 
 expense 

16,209 

15,200 

1,009 

6.6 

Faneuil Depreciation and Amortization 
 Faneuil depreciation and amortization expense for Fiscal 2021 was 14.1 million, an increase of 1.1 million, or 8.4 , compared to 13.0 million for Fiscal 2020. The increase was attributable to capital equipment purchased to support new and expanded contracts, somewhat offset by fully depreciated and amortized assets. Because certain Faneuil contracts require capital investments such as lease buildouts, Faneuil depreciation and amortization expense is impacted by the timing of new contracts and the completion of existing contracts. 
 Phoenix Depreciation and Amortization 
 
 Phoenix depreciation and amortization expense consists primarily of amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets. Depreciation and amortization expense was consistent at 2.1 million and 2.2 million for Fiscal 2021 and Fiscal 2020, respectively. 
 
 Impairment of Goodwill 
 
 As a result of the decline in ALJ s market capitalization, downward economic pressure, declines in actual and forecasted results of operations, including the estimated effects of COVID-19, management determined that it was more likely than not that the fair value of goodwill for all three reporting units was below each reporting unit s respective carrying amount. As such, management performed an impairment test as of March 31, 2020, based on discounted cash flows, which were derived from internal forecasts and more cautious economic expectations for all three reporting units. 
 
 As a result of the test, ALJ recognized a non-cash impairment of goodwill totaling 56.5 million during Fiscal 2020. ALJ did not recognize any goodwill impairment during Fiscal 2021. 
 
 Interest Expense 
 
 Interest expense was 10.2 million and 10.5 million for Fiscal 2021 and Fiscal 2020, respectively. Interest expense was impacted by our Debt Refinance in June 2021. 
 
 31 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Interest from Legal Settlement 
 
 During Fiscal 2020, Faneuil received a onetime 1.5 million settlement, of which 0.2 million was attributable to interest. See Part IV, Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules Note 9. Commitments and Contingencies - Litigation, Claims, and Assessments for additional information. 
 Loss on Debt Extinguishment 
 
 We recognized a loss on debt extinguishment of 2.1 million during Fiscal 2021, which was comprised of 1.2 million for the write off of deferred loan costs and 0.9 million of prepayment penalties. See Part IV, Item 15 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules Note 8. Debt for additional information. 
 Income Taxes 
 
 ALJ recorded a provision for income taxes from continuing operations of 0.4 million and a benefit for income taxes from continuing operations of 2.0 million for Fiscal 2021 and Fiscal 2020, respectively. The provision for Fiscal 2021 was the result of generating state taxable income. The benefit from income taxes for Fiscal 2020 was the result of changes to our valuation allowance recorded against net deferred tax assets. 
 
 ALJ did not record a provision for or benefit from income taxes for discontinued operations during Fiscal 2021. ALJ recorded a provision for income taxes for discontinued operations of less than 0.1 million during Fiscal 2020. 
 Net Loss from Discontinued Operations 
 
 As a result of the sale of Carpets in February 2021, we recognized a net loss from discontinued operations of 1.1 million during Fiscal 2021, of which 0.8 million was attributable to the one-time loss on the sale of Carpets, and 3.5 million during Fiscal 2020, which was attributable to the operations of Carpets. 
 
 Segment Adjusted EBITDA 

Year Ended 
 September 30, 

(in thousands) 

2021 

2020 

Change 

Change 

Faneuil 

19,332 

11,197 

8,135 

72.7 

Phoenix 

20,331 

16,723 

3,608 

21.6 

ALJ 

(5,999 

(3,875 

(2,124 

(54.8 

Segment adjusted EBITDA 

33,664 

24,045 

9,619 

40.0 

Faneuil Segment Adjusted EBITDA 
 Faneuil segment adjusted EBITDA for Fiscal 2021 was 19.3 million compared to segment adjusted EBITDA of 11.2 million for Fiscal 2020. Faneuil segment adjusted EBITDA increase for Fiscal 2021 was driven by the start of new contracts, operational improvements at existing contracts, reduced costs for medical and workers compensation claims, offset somewhat by continuing losses for one healthcare contract. 
 Phoenix Segment Adjusted EBITDA 
 Phoenix segment adjusted EBITDA for Fiscal 2021 was 20.3 million compared to segment adjusted EBITDA of 16.7 million for Fiscal 2020. The increase was primarily attributable to higher component sales primarily related to trade sales. 
 ALJ Segment Adjusted EBITDA 
 ALJ segment adjusted EBITDA loss for Fiscal 2021 was 6.0) million compared to segment adjusted EBITDA loss of 3.9) million for Fiscal 2020. ALJ segment adjusted EBITDA loss for Fiscal 2021 was impacted by an increased bonus expense. 
 Segment adjusted EBITDA is not considered a non-GAAP measure because we include segment adjusted EBITDA in our segment disclosures in accordance with the Accounting Standards Codification Topic 280 Segment Reporting. See Part IV, Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statements Schedules Note 13. Reportable Segments and Geographic Information. 
 32 
 
 Table of Contents 
 Seasonality 
 Faneuil 
 Faneuil experiences seasonality within its various lines of business. For example, during the end of the calendar year through the end of the first calendar quarter, Faneuil generally experiences higher revenue attributable to its healthcare customers as the customer contact centers increase operations during the open enrollment periods of the healthcare exchanges. Faneuil revenue from its healthcare customers generally decreases during the remaining portion of the year after the open enrollment period. Seasonality is less pronounced with Faneuil customers in the transportation industry, though there is typically some volume increase during the summer months. 
 Phoenix 
 There is seasonality to the Phoenix business. Education book component sales (school and college) traditionally peak in the first and second quarters of the calendar year. Other book components sales traditionally peak in the third quarter of the calendar year. Book sales also traditionally peak in the third quarter of the calendar year. The fourth quarter of the calendar year has traditionally been the weakest quarter. These seasonal factors are not significant. 
 Climate Change 
 
 Our opinion is that neither climate change, nor governmental regulations related to climate change, have had, or are expected to have, any material effect on our operations. 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Our principal sources of liquidity have been cash provided by operations and borrowings under various debt arrangements. On September 30, 2021, our principal sources of liquidity included cash and cash equivalents of 2.3 million and an available borrowing capacity of 23.5 million on our line of credit. Our principal uses of cash have been for acquisitions and to pay down debt. We anticipate that our principal uses of cash will continue to be to acquire businesses and pay down our debt. 
 Global financial and credit markets have been volatile in recent years and has been further exacerbated by COVID-19 since March 2020. Future adverse conditions of these markets could negatively affect our ability to secure funds or raise capital at a reasonable cost or at all. For additional discussion of our various debt arrangements see Contractual Obligations below. 
 In summary, our cash flows for each period were as follows: 

Year Ended 
 September 30, 

(in thousands) 

2021 

2020 

Cash provided by operating activities 

12,450 

12,903 

Cash used for investing activities 

(8,136 

(9,549 

Cash used for financing activities 

(8,088 

(1,833 

Change in cash and cash equivalents 

(3,774 

1,521 

We recognized a net loss of 4.6 million for Fiscal 2021, and generated cash from operating activities of 12.5 million, offset by cash used for both investing and financing activities of 8.1 million. 
 
 We recognized a net loss of 67.7 million for Fiscal 2020, and generated cash from operating activities of 12.9 million, offset by cash used for investing and financing activities of 9.5 million and 1.8 million, respectively. 
 
 Operating Activities 
 During Fiscal 2021, our operating activities provided 12.5 million, which was the result of our 4.6 million net loss, 28.0 million addback of net non-cash expenses, and 10.9 million of net cash used for changes in operating assets and liabilities. The most significant components of net non-cash expenses include depreciation and amortization expense of 21.6 million, loss on debt extinguishment of 2.1 million, 1.7 million interest expense and other bank fees accreted to term loans, and 1.2 million change in fair value of contingent consideration. The most significant components of changes in operating assets and liabilities were mostly attributable to the timing of Faneuil s significant new customer implementations and included accounts receivable of 12.1 million, and deferred revenue and customer deposits of 6.5 million, which used cash, and accrued expenses of 5.9 million and other current liabilities and other non-current liabilities of 4.6 million, which provided cash. 
 33 
 
 Table of Contents 
 During Fiscal 202 0 , our operating activities provided 12.9 million , which was the result of our 67.7 million net loss, 8 0.6 million addback of net non-cash expenses, and less than 0.1 million of net cash used for changes in operating assets and liabilities. The most significant components of net non-cash expenses include the impairment of goodwill of 5 6.5 million and depreciation and amortization expense of 19.8 million. The most significant components of changes in operating assets and liabilities were mostly attributable to the timing of Faneuil s significant new customer implementations and included accounts receivable of 19. 3 million, which used cash, offset by deferred revenue and customer deposits of 9.1 million, o ther current liabilities and other non-current liabilities of 4.9 million , and accrued expenses of 4.1 million, which provided cash . Additionally, the CARES Act allowed us to defer payment for 5.3 million of payroll-related taxes, which positively impacted our cash flow from operations . The CARES Act payroll liability is recorded in other non-current liabilities on September 30, 2020. 
 Cash provided by operations for Fiscal 2021 compared to cash provided by operations for Fiscal 2020, was impacted by higher cash earnings, increased accounts receivable due to the timing of Faneuil s new customer implementations, managing vendor payments to preserve cashflow, and deferring payment of certain payroll-related taxes pursuant to the CARES Act. 
 Investing Activities 
 During Fiscal 2021, our investing activities used 8.1 million of cash, of which 3.8 million was used to purchase equipment and software for Faneuil s new and existing customers, and 5.0 million was used to purchase capital equipment, mostly printing equipment for Phoenix, in the normal course of operations, offset by 0.4 million cash proceeds from the sale of Carpets and 0.3 million cash proceeds from the sale of redundant printing equipment. 
 
 During Fiscal 2020, our investing activities used 9.5 million of cash, of which 5.8 million was used to purchase equipment, software and leasehold improvements for Faneuil s new and existing customers, and 3.7 million was used to purchase capital equipment in the normal course of operations. 
 
 Cash used for investing activities for Fiscal 2021 compared to Fiscal 2020 declined slightly due to Faneuil purchasing less equipment and software to support customers during Fiscal 2021 compared to Fiscal 2020, somewhat offset by Phoenix purchasing more printer equipment during Fiscal 2021 compared to Fiscal 2020. 
 
 Financing Activities 
 
 During Fiscal 2021, our financing activities used 8.1 million of cash. In June 2021, we replaced our term loan with a new 95.0 million term loan and amended our revolving credit facility to (i) significantly reduce principal payments, (ii) consolidate debt, (iii) update financial covenants, and (iv) extend the maturity date from November 2023 to June 2025. In connection with the transaction, we paid deferred loan costs of 4.2 million. See Part IV, Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules Note 8. Debt. for additional information. 
 
 During Fiscal, 2020, our financing activities used 1.8 million of cash. Net proceeds from our line of credit provided 4.6 million to fund working capital requirements at Faneuil, Phoenix, and Corporate. Our Ninth Amendment provided 1.5 million of cash, which was used to pay down our line of credit. Financing activities which used cash included 4.3 million to pay down our term loans, 2.8 million for capital lease payments, and 0.8 million for deferred loan costs related to the Sixth, Seventh, Eighth, and Ninth Amendments to our Financing Agreement. 
 
 Cash used for financing activities for Fiscal 2021 compared to Fiscal 2020 was impacted by the replacement of our term loan and amendment of our revolving credit facility during June 2021. 
 34 
 
 Table of Contents 
 Contractual Obligations 
 The following table summarizes our significant contractual obligations on September 30, 2021, and the effect such obligations are expected to have on our liquidity and cash flows in future periods: 

Payments due by Period 

Less Than 

One Three 

Four Five 

More than Five 

(in thousands) 

Total 

One Year 

Years 

Years 

Years 

Term loan with quarterly principal payments (1) 

94,050 

3,800 

7,600 

82,650 

Operating lease obligations (2) 

37,489 

4,722 

10,735 

9,964 

12,067 

Other liabilities (3) 

13,065 

3,210 

9,855 

Convertible Promissory Notes (1) 

6,026 

6,026 

Line of credit (1) 

5,490 

5,490 

Finance lease obligations (1) 

1,097 

765 

332 

Total contractual cash obligations (4) 

157,217 

12,497 

34,548 

98,104 

12,067 

(1) 
 
 Refer to Part IV, Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules Note 8. Debt. 

(2) 
 
 Refer to Part IV, Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules Note 10. Leases. 

(3) 
 
 Amounts represent future cash payments to satisfy our short- and long-term workers compensation reserve, short- and long-term acquisition-related deferred and contingent liabilities, and other long-term liabilities recorded on our consolidated balance sheets. It excludes deferred revenue and non-cash items. Short- and long-term acquisition-related deferred and contingent payments are included in the table at total fair value, as defined by generally accepted accounting principles, of 4.7 million. On September 30, 2021, the total maximum amount of acquisition-related deferred and contingent cash payments was 5.0 million. 

(4) 
 
 Total excludes contractual obligations already recorded on our consolidated balance sheets as current liabilities, except for the short-term portions of our term loans, short-term portion of acquisition-related deferred and contingent payments, and workers compensation reserve. 

 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 On September 30, 2021, we had two types of off-balance sheet arrangements. 
 Surety Bonds. In the normal course of operations, certain Faneuil customers require surety bonds guaranteeing the performance of a contract. On September 30, 2021, the face value of such surety bonds, which represents the maximum cash payments that Faneuil would have to make under certain circumstances of non-performance, was approximately 41.9 million. 
 Letters of Credit. ALJ had letters of credit totaling 3.5 million outstanding on September 30, 2021, in connection with workers compensation insurance requirements. 

Critical Accounting Estimates 
 The preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles GAAP requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of net revenue and expenses during the reporting period. We regularly evaluate our estimates and assumptions related to the fair value of assets and liabilities, including intangible assets acquired and allocation of purchase price, useful lives, carrying value and recoverability of long-lived and intangible assets, the recoverability of goodwill, and revenue recognition. Certain accounting policies, as described below, are considered "critical accounting policies" because they are particularly dependent on estimates made by us about matters that are inherently uncertain and could have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. We base our estimates and assumptions on current facts, historical experience, and various other factors that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities and the recording of revenue, costs and expenses that are not readily apparent from other sources. The actual results experienced by us may differ materially and adversely from our estimates. To the extent there are material differences between our estimates and the actual results, our future results of operations will be affected. A summary of all of our significant accounting policies is included in Part IV, Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules Note 2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies . 
 35 
 
 Table of Contents 
 We believe the following are critical accounting policies that require us to make significant estimates, assumptions, or judgments: 

Valuation and allocation of assets acquired and liabilities assumed in connection with business acquisitions 

Impairment of identified intangible assets and goodwill and 

Revenue recognition. 

 Business Acquisitions 
 Accounting for acquisitions requires our management to estimate the fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed, which involves a number of judgments, assumptions, and estimates that could materially affect the timing or amounts recognized in our financial statements. The items involving the most significant assumptions, estimates, and judgments include determining the fair value of the following: 

- 
 
 Intangible assets, including valuation methodology, estimations of future cash flows, and discount rates, as well as the estimated useful life of the intangible assets 

- 
 
 Deferred tax assets and liabilities, uncertain tax positions, and tax-related valuation allowances, which are initially estimated as of the acquisition date 

- 
 
 Inventory property, plant, and equipment pre-existing liabilities or legal claims deferred revenue and contingent consideration, each as may be applicable and 

- 
 
 Goodwill, as measured as the excess of consideration transferred over the net of the acquisition date fair values of the assets acquired and the liabilities assumed. 

 The goodwill and intangible assets acquired in business acquisitions are pushed down to the reporting unit that benefits from the business combination. 
 We use an independent valuation firm to assist with our valuation, and our assumptions and estimates are based upon comparable market data and information obtained from our management and the management of the acquired companies. While we use our best estimates and assumptions to accurately value assets acquired and liabilities assumed at the acquisition date, our estimates are inherently uncertain and subject to refinement. As a result, during the measurement period, which may be up to one year following the acquisition date, we record adjustments to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed with the corresponding offset to goodwill. 
 Long-Lived Asset Impairments 
 Identified Intangibles 
 We make judgments about the recoverability of purchased finite-lived intangible assets whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that an impairment may exist. Recoverability of finite-lived intangible assets is measured by comparing the carrying amount of the asset to the future undiscounted cash flows that the asset is expected to generate. 
 The assumptions and estimates used to determine future values, such as expected future net cash flows, and remaining useful lives of our intangible and other long-lived assets are complex and subjective. They can be affected by internal factors such as changes in our business strategy or external factors such as industry and economic trends. 
 Goodwill 
 The application of the goodwill impairment test is considered a critical accounting estimate. We perform an annual impairment assessment of goodwill as of September 30 each year, or more frequently if indicators of potential impairment exist, which includes evaluating qualitative and quantitative factors to assess the likelihood of an impairment of goodwill. Each of our reporting units has goodwill assigned, which is assessed independently. 
 
 Qualitative factors considered in this assessment include industry and market considerations, overall financial performance, and other relevant events and factors affecting the reporting units. Additionally, as part of this assessment, we may perform a quantitative analysis to supplement and support the qualitative factors. 
 
 Our goodwill impairment test considers both the income method and the market method to estimate fair value. For both Faneuil and Phoenix, the goodwill impairment test is weighted 50 on the income method and 50 on the market method. For Carpets, the 
 36 
 
 Table of Contents 
 goodwill impairment test is weighted 100 on the income method . The income method is based on a discounted future cash flow approach that uses the following major assumptions and inputs: revenue, based on assumed market segment growth rates and assumed market segment share, estimated costs, and weighted average cost of capital WACC . WACC was estimated using guideline companies adjusted for a company-specific risk premium . Estimates of market segment growth, market segment share, and costs are based on historical data, various internal estimates, and a variety of external sources. The same estimates are also used in the Company s business planning and forecasting process. The data is tested for reasonableness of the inputs and outcomes of our discounted cash flow analysis against available comparable market data. The market method used at Faneuil and Phoenix in estimating fair value is based on financial multiples and transaction prices of comparable companies . Significant judgment is required to estimate the fair value of reporting units which includes estimating future cash flows, determining appropriate discount rates and other assumptions. Changes in these estimates and assumptions could materially affect the determination of fair value and/or goodwill impairment. 
 
 During the year ended September 30, 2020, we wrote off 100 of our goodwill and recognized a non-cash impairment of goodwill totaling 56.5 million. The Company did not have any impairment of goodwill during the year ended September 30, 2021. 
 Revenue Recognition 
 We must make subjective estimates as to when our revenue is earned, the impact of pricing adjustments, and the collectability of our accounts receivable. 
 
 When upfront fees do not relate directly to the satisfaction or partial satisfaction of a performance obligation, the payments are deemed to be advance payments for future services. In such, instances, the fees are allocated to performance obligations and recognized when or as the performance obligations, typically call center services, are satisfied over the contract term, as defined under Accounting Standards Codification ASC 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers ASC 606 ). If a contract contains termination provisions, and such termination provisions are not substantive, the upfront nonrefundable fees may be fully recognized prior to the expiration of the stated term of the contract. 
 We record reductions to revenue for pricing adjustments, such as rebates, in the same period that the related revenue is recorded. Phoenix often has contracts with its customers that include prospective and retrospective volume rebates, credits, discounts, and other similar items that generally decrease the amount a customer pays Phoenix. These variable amounts generally are credited to the customer, based on achieving certain levels of sales activity during the contract term, or making payments within a specified number of days. Under ASC 606, with the exception of prospective volume rebates, these adjustments are classified as variable consideration, which is estimated at contract inception and included as part of the transaction price. Under ASC 606, prospective volume rebates are not part of the transaction price but are instead accounted for as a material right and separate performance obligation. 
 ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK . 
 We are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and are not required to provide the information under this item. 
 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA. 
 The financial statements and supplementary data required by this item are included in Part IV, Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules. 
 ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE. 
 None. 
 
 37 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES. 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Based on management s evaluation (with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer CEO and Chief Financial Officer CFO )), as of the end of the period covered by this report, our CEO and CFO have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended Exchange Act )), are effective to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed by us in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC rules and forms, and is accumulated and communicated to management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 There were no changes to our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) that occurred during the fourth fiscal quarter for the year ended September 30, 2021, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 Management Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of our financial reporting and the preparation of consolidated financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles GAAP ). 
 Management assessed our internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2021, the end of our fiscal year. Management based its assessment on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework). Management s assessment included evaluation of elements such as the design and operating effectiveness of key financial reporting controls, process documentation, accounting policies, and our overall control environment. 
 Based on this assessment, management has concluded that our internal controls over financial reporting were effective as of September 30, 2021 and provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of consolidated financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with GAAP. We reviewed the results of management s assessment with the Audit Committee of our Board of Directors. 
 This Annual Report does not include an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Our report was not subject to attestation by our independent registered public accounting firm pursuant to the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission that permit us to provide only management s report in this report. 
 Inherent Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls 
 Our management, including our CEO and CFO, does not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures or our internal control over financial reporting will prevent or detect all errors and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well-designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the control system s objectives will be met. The design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Further, because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that misstatements due to error or fraud will not occur or that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, have been detected. The design of any system of controls is based in part on certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. Projections of any evaluation of the effectiveness of controls to future periods are subject to risks. Over time, controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or deterioration in the degree of compliance with policies or procedures. 
 ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION. 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS. 
 Not applicable. 

38 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 PART III 
 ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS, AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE. 
 Directors and Executive Officers 
 The following table sets forth the names, ages, and principal offices and positions of our current directors and executive officers as of November 30, 2021. 

Name 

Age 

Position 

Jess M. Ravich 

64 

Director, Chairman of the Board, and Chief Executive Officer 

Brian Hartman 

51 

Chief Financial Officer 

Anna Van Buren 

63 

Director, President and CEO of Faneuil 

John Scheel 

67 

Director, Vice Chairman of the Board, and Chairman of Audit Committee 

Michael Borofsky 

49 

Director, and Chairman of Compensation, Nominating and Corporate 
 Governance Committee 

Hal G. Byer 

64 

Director 

Julie Cavanna-Jerbic 

61 

Director 

Robert Scott Fritz 

65 

Director 

Rae Ravich 

30 

Director 

The following is a brief summary of the backgrounds of the Company s directors and executive officers. 
 Jess M. Ravich . Mr. Ravich has served as a director since June 2006 and Chairman of the Board of Directors since August 2006. He served as the Executive Chairman and senior executive officer of the Company from December 2012 through July 2019, at which time he became the Company s fulltime Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Ravich was a Group Managing Director at The TCW Group from December 2012 until July 2019. From 2009 to 2012, Mr. Ravich was Managing Director at Houlihan Lokey. In 1991 Mr. Ravich founded Libra Securities, LLC Libra Securities ), a Los Angeles-based investment banking firm that focused on capital raising and financial advisory services for middle-market corporate clients and the sales and trading of debt and equity securities for institutional investors, and served as its Chairman and Chief Executive Officer from 1991 until 2009. Prior to founding Libra Securities, Mr. Ravich was an Executive Vice President at Jefferies & Co., Inc. and a Senior Vice President at Drexel Burnham Lambert. 
 
 Mr. Ravich was a member of the board of directors of Apex Global Brands (Nasdaq: APEX), formerly known as Cherokee Inc. (Nasdaq: CHKE) from 1995 until 2020, and served as its Chairman of the Board from 2011 until 2017. Mr. Ravich has also served on the board of directors of A-Mark International since 2014. In addition to his professional responsibilities, Mr. Ravich has also served on the Undergraduate Executive Board of the Wharton School and the Board of Trustees of the Archer School for Girls. Mr. Ravich earned both a B.S and M.S. from the Wharton School and a J.D. from Harvard University. Mr. Ravich is the father of Rae Ravich, a director of the Company. 
 Brian Hartman . Mr. Hartman has served as Chief Financial Officer since August 2017. Previously, Mr. Hartman was the Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer of Arcade Beauty, a manufacturer of sampling solutions for the beauty, fragrance and skincare segments, having served in such role since March 2012. From April 2005 to March 2012, Mr. Hartman was the Vice President, Corporate Controller of Visant Corporation, a specialty printing and marketing services enterprise. From January 1996 to April 2005, Mr. Hartman was the Controller for Metallurg Inc, a producer and distributor of specialty metals. Prior to this, Mr. Hartman held various accounting and auditing positions at Witco Chemical Corp., a manufacturer of specialty chemicals, and Deloitte & Touche LLP. Mr. Hartman is a certified public accountant and received a Bachelor of Business Administration degree in public accounting and a Master of Business Administration in financial management from Pace University. 
 Anna Van Buren . Ms. Van Buren has served as a director since November 2013. Ms. Van Buren was appointed President and Chief Executive Officer of Faneuil in April 2009, after previously serving as President and Chief Operating Officer from 2007 to 2009, as Vice President and Managing Director of Faneuil s Government Services Division from 2005 to 2007, and as Vice President of Business Development from 2004 to 2005. Prior to her association with Faneuil, Ms. Van Buren founded Capital Initiatives, a consulting service for clients seeking visibility among federal lawmakers with the objective of encouraging legislative action and operated numerous government services and marketing companies. Anna s experience also includes executive roles at The Daily Press, Inc. in Virginia where she played an integral role in multi-site operations and growth strategy. Ms. Van Buren has served in leadership roles for many civic and business organizations including her current role as Chairman of Lead Virginia, chairmanship of the United Way of the Virginia Peninsula, the Peninsula Chamber of Commerce, and the NASA Aeronautics Support Team. She is the recipient of numerous awards including the Women in Business Achievement Award by Inside Business Magazine, the Presidential Citizenship Award from Hampton University and the NCCJ Humanitarian Award. Ms. Van Buren holds a degree in biology from Hollins University and the University of Virginia Executive School. 
 39 
 
 Table of Contents 
 . 
 John Scheel . Mr. Scheel has served as a director since September 2006 and our Vice Chairman since December 2016. From August 2006 to February 2013, Mr. Scheel was the President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company. He served as the plant manager for the Company s former subsidiary Kentucky Electric Steel s KES steel mini-mill in Ashland, Kentucky (the Mill and managed the operations of KES on our behalf from January 2004 until its sale in February 2013 to Optima Specialty Steel Optima ). Following such sale, Mr. Scheel not only continued to manage the Mill for Optima as its general manager, but also managed the melt shop and caster for Warren Steel Holdings EAF in Warren, Ohio, which was also managed by Optima. He is now the Senior Vice President of Manufacturing and Supply Chain at Easy Gardener, Inc, a fertilizer and landscape fabric supplier. Prior to managing KES, Mr. Scheel held various positions of increased responsibility at AK Steel, Nucor Corporation, and Birmingham Steel Management. Mr. Scheel holds both B.S. and M.S. degrees in Metallurgical Engineering from Purdue University and a Master of Business Administration in Finance and International Business from Xavier University. 
 Michael Borofsky . Mr. Borofsky has served as a director since September 2013. Mr. Borofsky is currently managing director and general counsel for Gryphon Investors. From 2019 to mid-2020, Mr. Borofsky was the Chief Operating and Strategy Officer for The Pohland Company. Prior to that, Mr. Borofsky was a Senior Vice President of MacAndrews & Forbes Holdings Inc. Mr. Borofsky earned a B.A. from Yale University and a J.D. from Columbia University School of Law. 
 Hal G. Byer . Mr. Byer has served as a director since January 2003. Mr. Byer joined Houlihan Lokey as a Senior Vice President in its Financial Sponsors Coverage Group in December 2009. He was a director for Houlihan Lokey from 2011 to 2017 and a senior advisor during 2017 until his retirement in November 2017. From May 2001 to November 2009, Mr. Byer was a Senior Vice President of Libra Securities, a broker-dealer registered with the SEC and an NASD member. From 1995 to 2003, Mr. Byer was Chief Executive Officer of Byer Distributing Co., a snack food distribution company. From 2000 to 2003, Mr. Byer was also the Chief Operating Officer of eGreatcause.com, an internet start-up involved in fundraising for charitable and non-profit organizations that is no longer active. 
 
 Julie Cavanna-Jerbic. Ms. Cavanna-Jerbic has served as a director since July 2020. Ms. Cavanna-Jerbic is currently the principal and founder of Iron Butterfly LLC, a consulting firm providing business advisory services, which she founded in 2012. Since November 2012, Ms. Cavanna-Jerbic has been a member of the Supervisory (Audit) Committee of First Tech Federal Credit Union, and since August 2012, Ms. Cavanna-Jerbic has given back to her community as a member of the Board of Trustees, Morrissey Compton Educational Center, helping children with learning differences regardless of their ability to pay. Prior to this, Ms. Cavanna-Jerbic held various positions at Hewlett Packard during a 28-year career, including as the Chief Financial Officer & Vice President of Global Information Technology and the Chief Information Officer & Vice President of Information Technology and Integrations. Ms. Cavanna-Jerbic earned a B.A. from University of California at Berkeley and a Master of Business Administration from the University of Southern California. 
 Robert Scott Fritz . Mr. Fritz has served as a director since January 2003. Since May 1982, Mr. Fritz has served as the President of Robert L. Fritz and Sons Sales Company, a New Jersey-based food broker and paper distributor that he owns. Mr. Fritz earned a B.S. in Business from Fairleigh Dickinson University. 
 Rae Ravich . Ms. Ravich has served as a director since June 2014. Ms. Ravich is currently the founder of a startup engaged in the health and wellness space, which she founded in July 2016. From July 2013 until June 2016, Ms. Ravich was an Associate in the direct lending group at TCW Financial Planning LLC. Previously, Ms. Ravich was a Financial Analyst at Houlihan Lokey, which she joined in July 2013. Ms. Ravich has dual B.S. degrees from the Wharton School and the Nursing School at the University of Pennsylvania. Ms. Ravich is the daughter of Jess Ravich, ALJ s CEO and Chairman of the Board. 
 Key Employees 
 Marc Reisch . Mr. Reisch was appointed Chairman of Phoenix in August 2015 and served as a director of the Company from that time until his resignation as director effective October 24, 2019. Mr. Reisch served as Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer and President of Visant and Visant Holding Corp. from October 2004 to November 2015. Prior to joining Visant, he served as Senior Advisor to Kohlberg Kravis Roberts & Co. and has over 35 years of experience in the printing and publishing industries. Mr. Reisch holds a Bachelor of Science degree and a Master of Business Administration degree from Cornell University. 
 Involvement in Certain Legal Proceedings 
 To the best of our knowledge, none of our directors or officers has had a determination during the past ten years in any legal proceedings listed in Item 401(f) of Regulation S-K that may bear on his or her ability or integrity to serve as a director or officer of the Company. 
 40 
 
 Table of Contents 
 Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance 
 Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 requires our directors and executive officers, as well as persons who own more than 10 of a registered class of our equity securities, to file with the SEC initial reports of ownership and reports of changes in beneficial ownership. Directors, executive officers, and greater than 10 shareholders are required by SEC regulations to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a) forms they file. Based solely on a review of copies of Section 16(a) reports and representations received by us from reporting persons, and without conducting any independent investigation of our own, we believe all Forms 3, 4 and 5 were timely filed with the SEC by such reporting persons during the year ended September 30, 2021. 
 Code of Business Conduct and Ethics 
 Our Board of Directors adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics Ethics Code ), which is applicable to all employees of ALJ, ALJ subsidiaries, and members of our Board of Directors. 
 The Ethics Code addresses, among other things, honesty and ethical conduct, conflicts of interest, compliance with laws and regulations, policies related to disclosure requirements under federal securities laws, confidentiality, trading on insider information, and reporting violations of the Ethics Code. Any amendment to our Ethics Code, or waiver thereof, applicable to our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, directors, or persons performing similar functions will be disclosed on our website within five days of the date of such amendment or waiver. In the case of a waiver, the nature of the waiver, the name of the person to whom the waiver was granted, and the date of the waiver will also be disclosed. 
 Our Ethics Code can be found in the Investor Relations section of the Company s website, www.aljregionalholdings.com , and is filed as Exhibit 14.1 to this Form 10-K. In addition, a printed copy of our Ethics Code can be requested by writing our Chief Financial Officer at 244 Madison Avenue, PMB #358, New York, NY 10016. 
 Committees of the Board of Directors 
 The Board of Directors has a standing audit committee Audit Committee and compensation, nominating, and corporate governance committee Compensation, Nominating, and Corporate Governance Committee ). The composition and responsibilities of each committee are described below. Members serve on these committees until their resignation or until otherwise determined by the Board of Directors. 
 The Board of Directors has determined that all members of both committees are independent under the applicable rules and regulations of NASDAQ and the SEC as currently in effect. The Audit Committee and the Compensation, Nominating, and Corporate Governance Committee each operate under a written charter approved by the Board of Directors. Each committee will review and reassess the adequacy of its charter periodically. The charters of both committees are available in the Investor Relations section of the Company s website, www.aljregionalholdings.com . 
 The following chart details the current membership of each committee: 

Name of Director 

Audit Committee 

Compensation, Nominating and 
 Corporate Governance Committee 

Michael Borofsky 

Member 

Chair 

Hal G. Byer 

Member 

Julie Cavanna-Jerbic 

Member 

Member 

Robert Scott Fritz 

Member 

John Scheel 

Chair 

41 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Audit Committee 
 Our Audit Committee consists of Ms. Cavanna-Jerbic, and Messrs. Scheel, Borofsky and Fritz, with Mr. Scheel chairing this committee. All members of our Audit Committee are independent directors and meet the requirements for financial literacy as defined by SEC guidelines. Our Board of Directors has determined that both Mr. Scheel and Ms. Cavanna-Jerbic are audit committee financial experts as defined by SEC guidelines. 
 The Audit Committee s responsibilities include, among other responsibilities: 

appointing, approving the compensation of, and assessing the independence of our independent registered public accounting firm 

pre-approving audit and permissible non-audit services, and the terms of such services, to be provided by our independent registered public accounting firm 

reviewing and discussing with management and the independent registered public accounting firm our annual and quarterly financial statements and related disclosures 

coordinating the oversight and reviewing the adequacy of our internal control over financial reporting 

establishing policies and procedures for the receipt and retention of accounting-related complaints and concerns and 

preparing the audit committee report required by SEC rules to be included in our annual proxy statement. 

 Compensation, Nominating, and Corporate Governance Committee 
 Our Compensation, Nominating, and Corporate Governance Committee consists of Ms. Cavanna-Jerbic, and Messrs. Borofsky and Byer, with Mr. Borofsky chairing this committee. All members of this committee meet the requirements for independence under the applicable rules and regulations of the SEC, NASDAQ, and the Code, as amended, including the application of such rules and regulations to members of a listed company s compensation committee. 
 The Compensation, Nominating, and Corporate Governance Committee s responsibilities include: 

reviewing and approving corporate goals and objectives relevant to compensation of our executive chairman 

evaluating the performance of our executive chairman in light of such corporate goals and objectives and determining the compensation of our chief executive officer 

determining the compensation of all our other officers and reviewing the aggregate amount of compensation payable to such officers periodically 

developing and making recommendations to the Board of Directors with respect to succession plans for our executive chairman and other key officers 

overseeing and making recommendations to the Board of Directors with respect to our incentive-based compensation and equity plans 

reviewing and making recommendations to the Board of Directors with respect to director compensation 

developing and recommending to the Board of Directors the criteria for selecting board and committee membership 

establishing procedures for identifying and evaluating director candidates including nominees recommended by stockholders 

identifying individuals qualified to become board members 

recommending to the Board of Directors the persons to be nominated for election as directors and to each of the Board s committees 

overseeing the evaluation of the Board of Directors, its committees, and management 

reviewing and accessing the adequacy of our policies and practices in corporate governance, and recommending any proposed changes to the Board of Directors for approval and 

reviewing and accessing the adequacy of our code of ethics for selected executives and other internal policies and guidelines, and monitor that the principles described therein are incorporated into our culture and business practices. 

 42 
 
 Table of Contents 
 There have been no material changes to the procedures by which shareholders may nominate nominees to our Board of Directors during the year ended September 30, 202 1 . 
 ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION. 
 Summary Compensation 
 Our executive compensation program, consisting of a three-part compensation strategy that includes base salary, annual discretionary cash bonuses, and equity incentive compensation, is designed to (i) pay for performance to encourage both Company and individual achievement (ii) encourage efficient use of shareholder resources and (iii) provide market competitive compensation to attract and retain highly qualified individuals who are capable of making significant contributions to the long-term success of the Company. 
 We do not adopt express formulae for weighting different elements of compensation or for allocating between long-term and short-term compensation but strive to develop comprehensive packages that are competitive with those offered by other companies with which we compete to attract and retain talented executives. Under our compensation practices, cash compensation consists of an annual base salary and discretionary bonuses. Equity-based compensation is primarily stock options. 
 The following table sets forth, for the years indicated, all compensation awarded to, paid to or earned by each of our named executive officers and certain key employees. 
 SUMMARY COMPENSATION TABLE 

Name and Principal Position 

Fiscal 
 Year 

Salary 

Bonus 

Option 
 Awards (1) 

Non-equity 
 Incentive Plan 
 Compensation 

All Other 
 Compensation 

Total 

Named Executive Officers: 

Jess M. Ravich 

2021 

225,000 

1,672,500 

(2) 

287,532 

(3) 

2,185,032 

Chief Executive Officer 

2020 

225,000 

81,096 

(3) 

306,096 

Anna Van Buren 

2021 

520,000 

1,145,847 

(4) 

31,153 

(5) 

1,697,000 

President and CEO, Faneuil 

2020 

520,000 

352,202 

(4) 

42,351 

(5) 

914,553 

Brian Hartman 

2021 

375,000 

350,000 

(6) 

25,915 

750,915 

Chief Financial Officer 

2020 

375,000 

234,375 

(6) 

609,375 

Key Employees: 

Marc Reisch 

2021 

200,000 

1,025,000 

(7) 

1,225,000 

Chairman, Phoenix 

2020 

200,000 

87,958 

(7) 

287,958 

(1) 
 
 This column represents the aggregate fair value of common stock awards calculated in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 718, Compensation Stock Compensation ASC Topic 718 ). Fair value is the closing price of the common stock as listed on the NASDAQ Global Market on the issuance date. 

(2) 
 
 Represents an annual bonus equal to 10 of ALJ EBITDA minus actual cash interest paid, in excess of a bonus threshold of 7.5 million. 

(3) 
 
 Out-of-policy business expenses, which were allowed up to 300,000 for Fiscal Year 2021 and 192,000 from July 29, 2019 through September 30, 2020 under the terms of Mr. Ravich s employment agreement. 

4 
 
 Represents an annual bonus amount equal to 10 of Faneuil EBITDA, before any bonus amount owed to Ms. Van Buren, in excess of 7.5 million. Ms. Van Buren s bonus is based on a calendar year. The amounts included in the table above are estimates based on ALJ fiscal year and are subject to adjustments. 

5 
 
 Represents health care insurance premiums. Additionally, Fiscal Year 2020 included a 10,000 cash payment in lieu of paid time off. 

6 
 
 Represents performance bonus according to the terms of Mr. Hartman s employment agreement. 

7 
 
 Represents an annual bonus amount equal to 10 of Phoenix pre-bonus EBITDA, in excess of 20.0 million, with a step down to 5 in excess of 27.0 million. Mr. Reisch s bonus is based on a calendar year. The amounts included in the table above are estimates based on ALJ s fiscal year and are subject to adjustments. 

 43 
 
 Table of Contents 
 Employment Arrangements with Named Executive Officers and Key Employees 
 Named Executive Officers 
 Jess Ravich. On July 29, 2019, the Company entered into an employment agreement (the Ravich Employment Agreement with Jess Ravich. Prior to entering into the Employment Agreement, Mr. Ravich served as the Company s Executive Chairman. Pursuant to the Ravich Employment Agreement, Mr. Ravich assumed full-time responsibilities as the Company s Chief Executive Officer until September 30, 2020 (the Initial Term ), subject to subsequent automatic two-year renewals. 
 
 Additional material terms of the Ravich Employment Agreement include: 

(i) 
 
 Base salary is 225,000 per year, of which up to 150,000 per year may be paid at the Company s discretion through the issuance of the Company s stock 

(ii) 
 
 A stipend of 117,000 during the Initial Term for Mr. Ravich s use in connection with out of policy business expenses 

(iii) 
 
 Incentive bonus structure includes (a) an annual bonus in the amount of 10 of the difference between (1) the Company s pre-bonus consolidated EBITDA less actual cash interest paid during the trailing twelve month measurement period and (2) a bonus threshold of 22,000,000, subject to adjustment from time to time, and (b) a one-time realization bonus for any sale of a business of the Company in an amount equal to: (1) for a sale of Faneuil, 2.5 of the first 25,000,000 of profit from such sale, less growth capital expenditures Profit ), and 5 of any Profit in excess of 25,000,000 and (2) for a sale of any other subsidiary, 5 of the Profit 

(iv) 
 
 A standstill provision, pursuant to which (a) Mr. Ravich, without the approval of a majority of the independent directors of the Board, shall not acquire additional shares that will result in more than 45 of the outstanding stock of the Company to be held by Mr. Ravich and his affiliates, and (b) any stock held by Mr. Ravich or any of his affiliates in excess of 40 of the outstanding stock of the Company shall be subject to a voting agreement to be entered into, pursuant to which such shares will be automatically voted with the majority of all other outstanding stock of the Company and 

(v) 
 
 A clawback provision in the event of (a) a material restatement, revision or change to the Company s financial statements requiring a recalculation of EBITDA for any particular fiscal year of the Company or (b) a breach by Mr. Ravich of his fiduciary obligation owed to the Company or commission by Mr. Ravich of an act of fraud, embezzlement, disloyalty or defalcation, or usurpation of a Company opportunity. 

On June 21, 2020, the Company entered into an amended and restated employment agreement with Jess Ravich (the A&R Ravich Employment Agreement ). The A&R Ravich Employment Agreement amended and restated Ravich Employment Agreement, which term was to expire on September 30, 2020. Pursuant to the A&R Ravich Employment Agreement, effective July 1, 2020 (the Effective Date ), Mr. Ravich will continue to serve as the Company s Chief Executive Officer until September 30, 2022 (the A&R Initial Term ), subject to subsequent automatic two-year renewals. 
 
 Additional material terms amended by the A&R Ravich Employment Agreement include: 

(i) 
 
 No annual bonus for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2020 

(ii) 
 
 An increase in the out of policy business expense stipend from 100,000 to 300,000 during the A&R Initial Term, prorated for the period commencing on the Effective Date and ending on September 30, 2020 and 

(iii) 
 
 An amendment to the incentive bonus structure to include (a) an annual bonus in the amount of 10 of the difference between (1) the Company s pre-bonus consolidated EBITDA less actual cash interest paid during the trailing twelve month measurement period Company Adjusted EBITDA and (2) a bonus threshold of 7,500,000, subject to adjustment from time to time provided , that if Company Adjusted EBITDA is in excess of 37,500,000, the annual bonus shall equal the sum of 3,000,000 and 5 of such excess amount provided further , that such thresholds shall be subject to future adjustments as negotiated in good faith by the Company and Mr. Ravich prior to the end of the Initial Term. 

 As of September 30, 2021, if Mr. Ravich s employment is terminated by ALJ without cause, or by Mr. Ravich for good reason, Mr. Ravich is entitled to receive as severance: (i) the lesser of one-year base salary or pro-rated base salary for the remaining term (ii) continuation of group health plan benefits, with the cost of the regular premium for such benefits paid in full by Faneuil and (iii) annual bonus prorated for the period of Mr. Ravich s service during the year of termination and calculated based on actual EBITDA (as defined in the Ravich Employment Agreement) for the year of termination equal to full annual bonus for the year of termination if otherwise entitled to receive the bonus. 
 Anna Van Buren. In October 2013, concurrent with ALJ s acquisition of Faneuil, Faneuil entered into an employment agreement with Ms. Van Buren through December 2018. In August 2017, Faneuil and Ms. Van Buren entered into an amended employment agreement (the Van Buren Amended Employment Agreement ), which extended the term to December 2021. Pursuant to the Van Buren Amended Employment Agreement, Ms. Van Buren receives an annual base salary of 520,000 and is eligible to earn an incentive bonus equal to 10 of Faneuil EBITDA, as defined in the Van Buren Amended Employment Agreement, before any bonus amount owed to Ms. Van Buren, in excess of 6,250,000 for calendar year 2017 and 7,500,000 thereafter, subject to further 
 44 
 
 Table of Contents 
 adjustment by ALJ Compensation, Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee from time to time in its discretion, with a step down to 5 of pre-bonus Faneuil EBITDA at 2,000,000 total compensation. 
 As of September 30, 2021, if Ms. Van Buren s employment is terminated by Faneuil without cause, or by Ms. Van Buren for good reason, Ms. Van Buren is entitled to receive: (i) the lesser of one-year base salary or pro-rated base salary for the remaining term (ii) continuation of group health plan benefits, with the cost of the regular premium for such benefits paid in full by Faneuil (iii) full annual bonus for the year of termination if otherwise entitled to receive the bonus and (iv) the annual bonus for the previous year if such bonus has been earned but not yet paid at time of termination. 
 On October 20, 2021, Faneuil entered into an amended and restated employment agreement with Ms. Van Buren, which extended the term to December 2022. Ms. Van Buren s compensation and bonus structure remained materially unchanged. 
 Brian Hartman. In connection with ALJ s appointment of Brian Hartman to serve as its Chief Financial Officer in August 2017, ALJ entered into an employment agreement with Mr. Hartman through August 2018. Pursuant to the employment agreement, Mr. Hartman received an annual base salary of 300,000, a one-time sign-on bonus of 75,000, a cash bonus of 100,000 for the calendar year 2017, and an individual bonus target of 50 of annual base salary effective January 2018. 
 
 In August 2018, ALJ entered into the First Amended and Restated Employment Agreement (the First A&R Employment Agreement with Mr. Hartman, which extended the term until August 8, 2019. Additional material terms changed by the First A&R Employment Agreement included: (i) an increase in base salary from 300,000 to 350,000 and (ii) Mr. Hartman s incentive bonus structure, which was amended to include a bonus target of up to 25 of his annual base salary based on his achievement of performance goals set by the Company s Compensation, Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee. 
 
 In August 2019, ALJ entered into the Second Amended and Restated Employment Agreement (the Second A&R Employment Agreement with Mr. Hartman, which extended the term until September 30, 2021. Additional material terms changed by the A&R Employment Agreement included: (i) an increase in base salary from 350,000 to 375,000 and (ii) Mr. Hartman s incentive bonus structure, which was amended to include an annual bonus target of (a) up to 50 of his annual base salary based on the general quality and success of his efforts during the immediately preceding fiscal year and (b) up to 25 of his annual base salary based on certain goals agreed between the CEO and Mr. Hartman for the applicable fiscal year. In addition, Mr. Hartman will be granted six months of his annual base salary and one additional month of his annual base salary for every year of service completed, with a maximum of twelve months, as severance pay in the event of termination by the Company without cause or by Mr. Hartman for good reason. 
 
 In August 2021, ALJ entered into the Third Amended and Restated Employment Agreement (the Third A&R Employment Agreement with Mr. Hartman, which extended the term until September 30, 2023, subject to further one-year or two-year renewals, as determined by ALJ s CEO. In connection with the Third A&R Employment Agreement, Mr. Hartman s base salary increased from 375,000 to 400,000. Other terms remained materially unchanged. 
 As of September 30, 2021, if Mr. Hartman s employment is terminated by ALJ without cause, or by Mr. Hartma n for good reason, Mr. Hartman is entitled to receive: (i) ten months of base salary (ii) continuation of group health plan benefits with the cost of the regular premium for such benefits shared in the same relative proportion by ALJ and Mr. Hartman as in effect on the date of termination (iii) full annual bonus for the year of termination if otherwise entitled to receive the bonus and (iv) the annual bonus for the previous year if such bonus has been earned but not yet paid at time of termination. 
 Key Employees 
 Marc Reisch. In August 2015, concurrent with ALJ s acquisition of Phoenix, Phoenix entered into an employment agreement with Mr. Reisch through December 2018. In August 2018, Phoenix entered into a new employment agreement with Mr. Reisch, which superseded and terminated the August 2015 employment agreement, and extended the term to December 2021. I n November 2020, Phoenix entered into a new employment agreement (the 2020 Employment Agreement with Mr. Reisch. In connection with the entry into the 2020 Employment Agreement, the previous employment agreement, entered into in August 2018 (the 2018 Employment Agreement was superseded and terminated. Pursuant to the 2020 Employment Agreement, Mr. Reisch s term was extended to September 2023. Additional material terms changed by the 2020 Employment Agreement as compared to the 2018 Employment Agreement include: 

(i) 
 
 a one-time payment of 300,000 paid in December 2020, in full satisfaction of any amounts owed under the 2018 Employment Agreement 

(ii) 
 
 commencing with the fiscal year ending September 30, 2021, a base bonus of 200,000 per annum (the Base Bonus 

 45 
 
 Table of Contents 

(iii) 
 
 Mr. Reisch s incentive bonus structure was modified to 10 of pre-bonus Phoenix EBITDA in excess of 17,500,000, with a step down to 5 of pre-bonus Phoenix EBITDA in excess of 27,000,000 (the Annual Bonus 

(iv) 
 
 in the event of an acquisition, merger, or sale of Phoenix (each, a Phoenix Sale during the term (or within six months following the term if such Phoenix Sale is commenced during the Term), a sale bonus equal to the sum of (1) 5 of the net sale price less 85,000,000 and (2) 22.5 of the trailing twelve-month Phoenix EBITDA (the 22.5 Bonus ), subject to certain exceptions 

(v) 
 
 in the event a Phoenix Sale does not occur during the term, an exit bonus equal to the 22.5 Bonus less 500,000 (the Exit Bonus 

(vi) 
 
 Mr. Reisch s severance payments in an amount equal to (1) any base salary and Annual Bonus (for the prior fiscal year) earned but not paid, (2) an Exit Bonus, subject to certain adjustments, (3) if terminated in the fiscal fourth quarter, an Annual Bonus for the current fiscal year, and (4) the Consulting Fee (as defined below), in the event of his death, disability, termination by the Company without cause, or termination by Mr. Reisch for good reason and 

(vii) 
 
 if a Phoenix Sale has not occurred and the New Reisch Agreement has not otherwise been terminated, an agreement by the Company and Mr. Reisch following the term to enter into a transitional consulting agreement from October 1, 2023 through March 31, 2024 for total compensation of 500,000 (the Consulting Fee ). 

 On December 17, 2021, Phoenix entered into a new employment agreement 2021 Employment Agreement and terminated the 2020 Employment Agreement. Material terms changed by the 2021 Employment Agreement as compared to the 2020 Employment Agreement include: 

(i) 
 
 Removed the 22.5 Bonus, the Exit Bonus, and the Consulting Fee 

(ii) 
 
 Added a 5.0 million retention bonus (the Retention Bonus provided that Mr. Reisch remains continuously employed by Phoenix on the payment date, payable as follows: 20 on December 15, 2021, 40 on September 15, 2022, and 40 on September 15, 2023 

(iii) 
 
 Added a bonus equal to 5 of the difference of the net sale price less 85,000,000 in the event of a Phoenix Sale during the Term (the Sale Bonus ), to be paid to Mr. Reisch in a lump sum on the first payroll period following the closing of the Phoenix Sale 

(iv) 
 
 Provided that in the event of a Phoenix Sale, a pro-rated portion of the Base Bonus and the Annual Bonus for the year in which such Phoenix Sale occurs shall be paid to Mr. Reisch at the same time and in the same manner as the Sale Bonus and 

(v) 
 
 Modified Mr. Reisch s severance payments in the event of his death, disability, termination by the Company without cause, or termination by Mr. Reisch for good reason to an amount equal to (1) any base salary earned but not paid, (2) any unpaid portion of the Retention Bonus (including any unvested portions), (3) a Base Bonus and Annual Bonus (for the prior fiscal year) if earned and not yet paid, and (4) a pro-rated portion of the Base Bonus and Annual Bonus that Mr. Reisch would have earned had he remained employed through the end of the fiscal year. 

All other terms in the 2021 Employment Agreement remain materially unchanged from the terms in the 2020 Employment Agreement. 
 46 
 
 Table of Contents 
 Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year End 
 The following table sets forth certain information regarding outstanding equity awards on September 30, 2021, by the named executive officers and key employee. 
 OUTSTANDING EQUITY AWARDS TABLE 

Option Awards 

Name 

Option 
 Grant 
 Date 

Number of 
 Securities 
 Underlying 
 Unexercised 
 Options (#) 
 Exercisable 

Number of 
 Securities 
 Underlying 
 Unexercised 
 Options (#) 
 Unexercisable 

Equity 
 Incentive 
 Plan 
 Awards: 
 Total 
 Number of 
 Securities 
 Underlying 
 Unexercised 
 Options (#) 

Option 
 Exercise 
 Price ) 

Option 
 Expiration 
 Date 

Named Executive Officers: 

Jess M. Ravich, Executive Chairman 

8/3/2015 

350,000 

350,000 

4.00 

8/3/2022 

Anna Van Buren, President and CEO, Faneuil 

8/11/2017 

150,000 

150,000 

3.33 

8/9/2027 

Brian Hartman, Chief Financial Officer 

8/8/2017 

150,000 

150,000 

3.26 

8/8/2027 

8/9/2018 

150,000 

150,000 

2.10 

8/9/2028 

8/20/2021 

40,000 

(1 

40,000 

1.24 

8/20/2031 

Key Employees: 

Marc Reisch, Chairman, Phoenix 

8/14/2015 

250,000 

250,000 

4.27 

8/13/2025 

(1) 
 
 Vests in three equal installments on August 20, 2022, August 20, 2023, and August 20, 2024. 

 Director Compensation 
 The following table sets forth the total compensation paid or accrued by ALJ to the named directors for services rendered during the year ended September 30, 2021: 
 DIRECTOR COMPENSATION TABLE (1) 

Name 

Fees Earned 
 or Paid in 
 Cash 

Stock 
 Awards 

Option 
 Awards 

Non-Equity 
 Incentive 
 Compensation 

Nonqualified 
 Deferred 
 Compensation 
 on Earnings 

All Other 
 Compensation 

Total 

Hal G. Byer 

84,000 

84,000 

Robert Scott Fritz 

85,000 

85,000 

Rae Ravich 

80,000 

80,000 

John Scheel 

52,500 

40,000 

92,500 

Michael Borofsky 

55,000 

40,000 

95,000 

Julie Cavanna-Jerbic 

61,074 

2) 

25,000 

86,074 

________________ 

(1) 
 
 Each outside director received an annual compensation package comprised of (i) an annual retainer of 80,000, (ii) an additional 12,500 for the chair and 5,000 for each other member of the Audit Committee, and (iii) an additional 10,000 for the chair and 4,000 for each other member of the Compensation, Nominating, and Corporate Governance Committee. Each outside director has the discretion of how to allocate the payment between cash and common stock. Director who are employees do not receive any additional compensation for their service on the Board of Directors. 

(2) 
 
 Does not include 20,000 paid for ad hoc IT-related services. 

 Report on Repricing of Stock Options 
 We did not re-price any stock options during the year ended September 30, 2021. 
 
 47 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS. 
 The following table sets forth, as of November 30, 2021, information regarding the beneficial ownership of our common stock based upon the most recent information available to us for: (i) each person known by us to own beneficially more than five (5 percent of our outstanding common stock (ii) each of our named executive officers, directors, and key employee and (iii) all of our named executive officers, directors, and key employee. Unless otherwise indicated, each stockholder listed below has sole voting and investment power with respect to the shares beneficially owned by them and has the following address: c/o ALJ Regional Holdings, Inc., 244 Madison Avenue, PMB #358, New York, NY 10016. As of November 30, 2021, there were 42,405,725 shares of our common stock outstanding, which was the only class of voting securities outstanding. 

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner 

Number of 
 Common 
 Shares 
 Beneficially 
 Owned (1) 

Percentage 
 of Common 
 Shares 
 Beneficially 
 Owned 

Named Executive Officers and Directors: 

Jess Ravich, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the 
 Board 

24,777,254 

(2) 

47.4 

Anna Van Buren, Director 

1,720,576 

(3) 

4.0 

c/o Faneuil, Inc. 

2 Eaton Street, Suite 1002 

Hampton, VA 23669 

John Scheel, Director and Vice Chairman of the Board 

962,840 

2.3 

Robert Scott Fritz, Director 

953,780 

(4) 

2.2 

Hal G. Byer, Director 

53,940 

(5) 

Rae G. Ravich, Director 

185,419 

(6) 

Brian Hartman, Chief Financial Officer 

300,000 

(7) 

Michael C. Borofsky, Director 

119,369 

Julie Cavanna-Jerbic, Director 

20,161 

Key Employee: 

Marc Reisch, Chairman, Phoenix 

750,000 

(8) 

1.8 

c/o Phoenix Color Corp. 

18249 Phoenix Drive 

Hagerstown, MD 21742 

All Directors and Executive Officers as a Group 

29,843,339 

(9) 

56.0 

5 Stockholders: 

Vericast Corp. 

3,000,000 

7.1 

15955 La Cantera Parkway 

San Antonio, Texas 78256 

Less than 1 . 

(1) 
 
 Consistent with SEC regulations, shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of derivative securities by their terms exercisable within 60 days of November 30, 2021, are deemed outstanding for purposes of computing the percentage ownership of the person holding such securities but are not deemed outstanding for computing the percentage ownership of any other person. Unless otherwise indicated below, to the knowledge of the Company, the persons and entities named in this table have sole voting and sole investment power with respect to all shares beneficially owned, subject to community property laws where applicable. 

(2) 
 
 Includes 4,853,804 shares held by the Exemption Trust under the Ravich Revocable Trust of 1989, 350,000 shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of currently vested options, 1,315,927 shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of currently vested warrants, and 8,170,116 shares of common stock issuable upon the conversion of Convertible Promissory Note. 

(3) 
 
 Includes 150,000 shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of currently vested options. 

(4) 
 
 Includes 431,088 shares and 294,611 shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of currently vested warrants held by The Ravich Children Permanent Trust, for which Mr. Fritz is the sole trustee. Mr. Fritz disclaims all economic ownership of such shares. 

(5) 
 
 Includes 10,014 restricted shares held by the Hal Byer and Marihelene Byer Revocable Trust. 

(6) 
 
 Includes 100,000 shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of currently vested options. 

(7) 
 
 Includes 300,000 shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of currently vested options. 

 48 
 
 Table of Contents 

(8) 
 
 Includes 250,000 shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of currently vested options. 

(9) 
 
 Includes 8,170,116 shares of common stock issuable upon the conversion of Convertible Promissory Note, 1,610,538 shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of currently vested warrants, and 1,150,000 shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of options that are either vested or will vest within 60 days from the date hereof. 

 Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans 
 For information regarding securities authorized for issuance under Equity Compensation Plans and the equity compensation plan information table see Part II, Item 5. Market for Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 Changes in Control 
 We are not aware of any arrangements that may result in a change in control of the Company. 
 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions 
 During the years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020, we entered into the following transactions required to be reported under Item 404 of Regulation S-K Item 404 ): 
 Fiscal 2021 Debt 
 Issuance of Convertible Promissory Notes 
 
 On June 29, 2021, ALJ issued convertible promissory notes in an aggregate principal amount of 6.0 million (the Convertible Promissory Notes to two investors, including ALJ s Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board, Jess Ravich. The Convertible Promissory Notes replace and have substantially the same terms as ALJ s prior Term C Loan (as defined below), except the Convertible Promissory Notes pay interest quarterly and the Term C Loan paid interest at maturity. 
 
 The Convertible Promissory Notes accrue interest at the rate of 8.25 per year, compounded monthly with interest payable in cash quarterly in arrears on the last day of each calendar quarter on the outstanding principal balance until such principal amount is paid in full or until conversion. The principal and accrued interest owed under the Convertible Promissory Notes are convertible, at the option of the holders, into shares of the Company s common stock, at any time prior to November 28, 2023, at a conversion price equal to the quotient of all amounts due under each Convertible Promissory Note divided by the conversion rate of 0.54 per common share. 
 
 The Convertible Promissory Notes are (i) subordinate to the Blue Torch Term Loan and the Amended PNC Revolver, (ii) unsecured, and (iii) have a maturity date of November 28, 2023, subject to extension under certain circumstances. 
 Fiscal 2020 Debt 
 
 Junior Participation Agreement Term B Loan and Warrants Issued 
 
 In December 2019, in connection with the Sixth Amendment, certain trusts and other entities formed for the benefit of, or otherwise affiliated with Mr. Ravich Ravich Entities ), entered into a Junior Participation Agreement with Cerberus Junior Participation Agreement ), pursuant to which the Ravich Entities agreed to purchase 4.1 million in junior participation interests in the Term B Loan under the Cerberus/PNC Financing Agreement Junior Participation and such interests, Junior Participation Interests ). The Junior Participation Interests were junior and subordinate to the Cerberus Term Loan in all respects and had no quarterly payments. Through March 2020, interest accrued under the Junior Participation (i) in cash, accrued at the same rate per year as the Cerberus Term Loan and paid monthly, and (ii) in kind, accrued at 4.00 per year, payable on the Cerberus/PNC Debt Maturity Date. See Amendment to Junior Participation Agreement -Term B Loan and Warrants Issued below for interest earned subsequent to March 2020. 
 
 In connection with the Junior Participation, the Company issued fully vested warrants to purchase 1.23 million shares of the Company s common stock Junior Participation Agreement Warrants to the Ravich Entities, with a five-year term and an exercise price of 0.54. 

49 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Amendment to Junior Participation Agreement Term B Loan and Warrants Issued 
 In March 2020, in connection with the Eighth Amendment to the Cerberus/PNC Financing Agreement, the Ravich Entities entered into the First Amendment to the Junior Participation Agreement First Amendment to Junior Participation Agreement ). Under the First Amendment to Junior Participation Agreement, interest was paid in kind, instead of a mixture of cash and in kind. 
 In connection with the First Amendment to Junior Participation Agreement, the Company issued fully vested warrants to purchase 0.4 million shares of the Company s common stock First Amendment to Junior Participation Agreement Warrants to the Ravich Entities, with a five-year term and an exercise price of 0.62. 
 Amendment to the Junior Participation Agreements Term C Loan 
 
 In May 2020, in connection with, and as a condition to, the Ninth Amendment, certain stockholders of the Company Term C Loan Junior Participants ), including Mr. Ravich, entered into, or amended certain Junior Participation Agreements (collectively, Term C Loan Junior Participation Agreements with Cerberus. Pursuant to the Term C Loan Junior Participation Agreements (which was amended and/or restated from time to time), the Term C Loan Junior Participants acquired junior participation interests in the Term C Loan in an aggregate amount of 5.6 million on May 12, 2020 Term C Loan ). Mr. Ravich agreed to acquire additional junior participation interests in the Term B Loan in an aggregate amount of (i) 2.5 million on June 30, 2021 and (ii) 2.5 million on September 30, 2021 as long as Term B Loan was outstanding on such date. 
 
 The 5.6 million Term C Loan and related accrued interest was convertible, at the option of the Term C Loan Junior Participants, into shares of the Company s common stock, at a conversion price of 0.54 per share. 
 The 5.6 million Term C Loan was junior and subordinate to the Cerberus/PNC Debt in all respects and had no quarterly payments. From May 2020 through the Cerberus/PNC Debt Maturity Date, the Term C Loan accrued interest in kind at the same rate per year as the Cerberus Term Loan. Although the Term C Loan was paid off as part of the Cerberus Payoff, the Term C Loan Junior Participants were issued the Convertible Promissory Notes as discussed above, under substantially identical terms as the Term C Loan, except the Convertible Promissory Notes pay interest quarterly and the Term C Loan paid interest at maturity . 
 
 Director Independence 
 The following directors qualify as independent in accordance with the rules and regulations of the SEC and NASDAQ, as applicable: 

Hal G. Byer 

Robert Scott Fritz 

John Scheel 

Michael Borofsky 

Julie Cavanna-Jerbic 

 50 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES. 
 
 The Audit Committee of ALJ s Board of Directors has engaged Deloitte & Touche LLP Deloitte as the independent registered public accounting firm for the Company and its subsidiaries for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2021. The Audit Committee regularly reviews and determines whether any non-audit services provided by Deloitte potentially affects its independence with respect to the Company. The Audit Committee s policy is to pre-approve all audit and permissible non-audit services provided by Deloitte. Pre-approval is generally provided by the Audit Committee for up to one year, is detailed as to the particular service or category of services to be rendered and is generally subject to a specific budget. The Audit Committee may also pre-approve additional services or specific engagements on a case-by-case basis. Management provides annual updates to the Audit Committee regarding the extent of any services provided in accordance with this pre-approval. To date, all services performed by Deloitte have been pre-approved by the Audit Committee in accordance with this policy. 
 
 The following table sets forth the aggregate fees billed, or expected to be billed, by Deloitte with respect to audit and non-audit services for the Company during the fiscal years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020: 

Year Ended 
 September 30, 

Fee Category 

2021 

2020 

Audit fees (1) 

936,837 

789,344 

Audit-related fees (2) 

91,999 

160,000 

Tax fees (3) 

74,590 

124,548 

All other fees (4) 

1,895 

1,895 

Total 

1,105,321 

1,075,787 

(1) 
 
 Audit Fees . Consists of fees billed for professional services rendered for the audit of our consolidated financial statements and review of our interim consolidated financial statements included in quarterly reports and services that are normally provided in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements, including post-effective amendments to previously filed registration statements. 

(2) 
 
 Audit-Related Fees. Includes services that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of the financial statements, including audit and attestation services related to financial reporting that are not required by statute or regulation. 

(3) 
 
 Tax Fees. Tax fees generally consist of tax compliance and return preparation, and tax planning and advice. Tax compliance and return preparation services consist of preparing original and amended tax returns and claims for refunds. Tax planning and advice services consist of support during income tax audits or inquiries. 

(4) 
 
 All Other Fees. A ll other fees consist of permitted services other than those that meet the criteria above. For the years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020 such fees were for technical subscriptions. 

 51 
 
 Table of Contents 
 PART IV 
 ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES. 
 Financial Statements 
 
 The financial statements required by this Item are included beginning at page F-1. 
 
 Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 The financial statement schedules required by this Item are included on page S-1. 
 
 Exhibits 
 The following documents are filed as exhibits hereto: 

Exhibit Number 

Description of Exhibit 

Method of Filing 

2.1 

Asset Purchase Agreement, dated as of June 21, 2016, by and among Phoenix Color Corp., AKI, Inc. and Bioplan USA, Inc. 

Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to Form 8-K as filed on June 22, 2016 

3.1 

Restated Bylaws of ALJ Regional Holdings, Inc., dated as of May 11, 2009 

Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.4 to Form 10-12B as filed on February 2, 2016 

3.2 

Restated Certificate of Incorporation of ALJ Regional Holdings, Inc. as filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on August 17, 2018 

Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.5 to Form 10-K as filed on December 17, 2018 

10.01 

Form of Indemnification Agreement for Directors and Officers 

Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Form 10-12B as filed on February 2, 2016 

10.02 

Employment Agreement, dated July 29, 2019, by and between the Company and Jess Ravich 

Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Form 8-K as filed on August 1, 2019 

10.03 

First Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated June 21, 2020, by and between the Company and Jess Ravich 

Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K as filed on June 23, 2020 

10.04 

Employment Agreement, dated October 18, 2013, by and between Faneuil, Inc. and Anna Van Buren 

Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Form 10-12B as filed on February 2, 2016 

10.05 

First Amendment to Employment Agreement, dated August 11, 2017, by and between Faneuil, Inc. and Anna Van Buren 

Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Form 8-K as filed on August 14, 2017 

10.06 

Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated October 20, 2021, by and between Faneuil, Inc. and Anna Van Buren 

Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K as filed on October 25, 2021 

10.07 

Employment Agreement, dated August 8, 2017, by and between ALJ Regional Holdings, Inc. and Brian Hartman 

Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K as filed on August 14, 2017 

10.08 

First Amendment to Employment Agreement, dated August 2, 2018, by and between ALJ Regional Holdings, Inc. and Brian Hartman 

Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K as filed on August 3, 2018 

10.09 

Second Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated August 20, 2019, by and between ALJ Regional Holdings, Inc. and Brian Hartman 

Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K as filed on August 22, 2019 

52 
 
 Table of Contents 

10.10 

Third Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated August 20, 2021, by and between ALJ Regional Holdings, Inc. and Brian Hartman 

Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K as filed on August 20, 2021 

10.11 

Employment Agreement, dated as of March 12, 2018, by and between ALJ Regional Holdings, Inc. and Marc Reisch 

Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K as filed on March 13, 2018 

10.12 

Employment Agreement, dated November 6, 2020, by and between Phoenix Color Corp. and Marc Reisch 

Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K as filed on November 9, 2020 

10.13 

Employment Agreement, dated December 17, 2021, by and between Phoenix Color Corp. and Marc Reisch 

Filed herewith 

10.14 

ALJ Regional Holdings, Inc. 2016 Omnibus Equity Plan 

Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form S-8 as filed on August 23, 2016 

10.15 

Financing Agreement, dated as of August 14, 2015, by and among ALJ Regional Holdings, Inc., Faneuil, Inc., Floors-N-More, LLC, Phoenix Color Corp., each subsidiary of ALJ Regional Holdings, Inc. listed as a Guarantor on the signature pages thereto, the lenders from time to time party thereto, Cerberus Business Finance, LLC, as collateral agent for the lenders, and PNC Bank, National Association, as administrative agent for the lenders. 

Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 10-12B as filed on February 2, 2016 

10.16 

First Amendment to Financing Agreement, dated as of July 18, 2016, by and among the Company, Faneuil, Inc., Floors-N-More, LLC, Phoenix Color Corp., each subsidiary of the Company listed as a Guarantor on the signature pages thereto, the lenders from time to time party thereto, Cerberus Business Finance, LLC, as collateral agent for the lenders, and PNC Bank, National Association, as administrative agent for the lenders 

Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K as filed on July 20, 2016 

10.17 

Second Amendment to Financing Agreement, dated as of May 26, 2017, by and among the Company, Faneuil, Inc., Floors-N-More, LLC, Phoenix Color Corp., each subsidiary of the Company listed as a Guarantor on the signature pages thereto, the lenders from time to time party thereto, Cerberus Business Finance, LLC, as collateral agent for the lenders, and PNC Bank, National Association, as administrative agent for the lenders 

Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K as filed on May 30, 2017 

10.18 

Third Amendment to Financing Agreement, dated as of October 2, 2017, by and among the Company, Faneuil, Inc., Floors-N-More, LLC, Phoenix Color Corp., each subsidiary of the Company listed as a Guarantor on the signature pages thereto, the lenders from time to time party thereto, Cerberus Business Finance, LLC, as collateral agent for the lenders, and PNC Bank, National Association, as administrative agent for the lenders 

Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K as filed on October 2, 2017 

53 
 
 Table of Contents 

10.19 

Fourth Amendment to Financing Agreement, dated as of November 28, 2018, by and among the Company, Faneuil, Inc., Floors-N-More, LLC, Phoenix Color Corp., each subsidiary of the Company listed as a Guarantor on the signature pages thereto, the lenders from time to time party thereto, Cerberus Business Finance, LLC, as collateral agent for the lenders, and PNC Bank, National Association, as administrative agent for the lenders 

Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K as filed on November 30, 2018 

10.20 

Fifth Amendment to Financing Agreement, dated as of July 31, 2019, by and among the Company, Faneuil, Carpets, Phoenix, each subsidiary of the Company listed as a Guarantor on the signature pages thereto, the lenders from time to time party thereto, the Collateral Agent, and the Administrative Agent 

Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K as filed on August 1, 2019 

10.21 

Sixth Amendment to Financing Agreement, dated as of December 17, 2019, by and among the Company, Faneuil, Carpets, Phoenix, each subsidiary of the Company listed as a Guarantor on the signature pages thereto, the lenders from time to time party thereto, the Collateral Agent, and the Administrative Agent 

Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K as filed on December 23, 2019 

10.22 

Seventh Amendment to Financing Agreement, dated as of February 13, 2020, by and among the Company, Faneuil, Carpets, Phoenix, each subsidiary of the Company listed as a Guarantor on the signature pages thereto, the lenders from time to time party thereto, the Collateral Agent, and the Administrative Agent 

Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K as filed on February 14, 2020 

10.23 

Eighth Amendment to Financing Agreement, dated as of March 26, 2020, by and among the Company, Faneuil, Carpets, Phoenix, each subsidiary of the Company listed as a Guarantor on the signature pages thereto, the lenders from time to time party thereto, the Collateral Agent, and the Administrative Agent 

Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K as filed on March 27, 2020 

10.24 

Ninth Amendment to Financing Agreement, dated as of May 12, 2020, by and among the Company, Faneuil, Carpets, Phoenix, each subsidiary of the Company listed as a Guarantor on the signature pages thereto, the lenders from time to time party thereto, the Collateral Agent, and the Administrative Agent 

Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K as filed on May 13, 2020 

10.25 

Financing Agreement, dated as of June 29, 2021 among ALJ Regional Holdings, Inc., Faneuil Inc., and Phoenix Color Corp., as Borrowers, each subsidiary of ALJ Regional Holdings, Inc. listed as a guarantor on the signature pages, as Guarantors, the lenders from time to time, as Lenders, and Blue Torch Finance, LLC, as Collateral Agent and Administrative Agent. 

Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K as filed on July 1, 2021 

10.26 

Amended and Restated Financing Agreement, dated as of June 29, 2021, among ALJ Regional Holdings, Inc., Faneuil Inc., and Phoenix Color Corp., as Borrowers, each subsidiary of ALJ Regional Holdings, Inc. listed as a guarantor on the signature pages, as Guarantors, the lenders from time to time, as Lenders, and PNC Bank, National Association, as Collateral Agent and Administrative Agent. 

Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Form 8-K as filed on July 1, 2021 

54 
 
 Table of Contents 

10.27 

Collateral Agent and Term Loan Lender Exit Agreement, dated as of June 29, 2021, among ALJ Regional Holdings, Inc., Faneuil Inc., and Phoenix Color Corp., as Borrowers, each subsidiary of ALJ Regional Holdings, Inc. listed as a guarantor on the signature pages, as Guarantors, the lenders from time to time, as Lenders, Cerberus Business Finance, LLC, as Collateral Agent and PNC Bank, National Association, as Administrative Agent. 

Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Form 8-K as filed on July 1, 2021 

10.28 

Convertible Promissory Note issued by the Company to Jess Ravich, dated June 29, 2021. 

Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to Form 8-K as filed on July 1, 2021 

10.29 

Convertible Promissory Note issued by the Company to Elizabeth Glazer 2012 Trust, dated June 29, 2021. 

Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to Form 8-K as filed on July 1, 2021 

10.30 

Voting Agreement, dated as of September 6, 2019, between ALJ Regional Holdings, Inc. and Jess Ravich. 

Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to Form SC 13D as filed on September 10, 2019 

14.1 

Code of Business Conduct and Ethics 

Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 14.1 to Form 10-K as filed on December 23, 2016 

21.1 

List of Subsidiaries 

Filed herewith 

23.1 

Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm - Deloitte & Touche, LLP 

Filed herewith 

24 

Power of Attorney (see signature page) 

31.1 

Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act") 

Filed herewith 

31.2 

Certification of Chief Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Exchange Act 

Filed herewith 

32.1 

Certification of the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b) of the Exchange Act and 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

Filed herewith 

101.INS 

Inline XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document 

Filed herewith 

101.SCH 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

Filed herewith 

101.CAL 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

Filed herewith 

101.DEF 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

Filed herewith 

101.LAB 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

Filed herewith 

55 
 
 Table of Contents 

101.PRE 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

Filed herewith 

104 

Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101.INS) 

Filed herewith 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY. 
 
 The Company elected not to provide the summary information. 
 
 56 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 S IGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

ALJ REGIONAL HOLDINGS, INC. 

Date: December 20, 2021 

By: 

/s/ Jess Ravich 

Jess Ravich 

Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

57 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Jess Ravich and Brian Hartman, and each of them, as his true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, for her or him and in her or his name, place, and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign any and all amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in connection therewith, as fully to all intents and purposes as she or he might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming that all said attorneys-in-fact and agents, or any of them or their or his substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Name 

Title 

Date 

/s/ Jess Ravich 

Chairman of the Board, and Chief Executive Officer 

December 20, 2021 

Jess Ravich 

Principal Executive Officer 

/s/ Brian Hartman 

Chief Financial Officer Principal Financial Officer and Principal 

December 20, 2021 

Brian Hartman 

Accounting Officer 

/s/ Hal G. Byer 

Director 

December 20, 2021 

Hal G. Byer 

/s/ Robert Scott Fritz 

Director 

December 20, 2021 

Robert Scott Fritz 

/s/ Rae Ravich 

Director 

December 20, 2021 

Rae Ravich 

/s/ John Scheel 

Director 

December 20, 2021 

John Scheel 

/s/ Anna Van Buren 

Director 

December 20, 2021 

Anna Van Buren 

/s/ Michael Borofsky 

Director 

December 20, 2021 

Michael Borofsky 

/s/ Julie Cavanna-Jerbic 

Director 

December 20, 2021 

Julie Cavanna-Jerbic 

58 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 ALJ REGIONAL HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page 
 Number 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 F-2 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 
 F-4 

Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 
 F-5 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 
 F-6 

Consolidated Statements of S tockholders Equity 
 
 F-8 

Notes to Consolidated Financial S tatements 
 
 F-9 

F-1 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of ALJ Regional Holdings, Inc. 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of ALJ Regional Holdings, Inc. and subsidiaries (the "Company") as of September 30, 2021 and 2020, the related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders equity and cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended September 30, 2021, and the related notes and the consolidated financial statement schedule listed in the Index at Item 15 (collectively referred to as the "financial statements"). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of September 30, 2021 and 2020, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended September 30, 2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 
 Our audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 
 The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 Revenue Recognition Refer to Note 2 to the financial statements 
 Critical Audit Matter Description 
 The Company s wholly-owned subsidiary, Faneuil, Inc. Faneuil ), is a provider of call center services, back-office operations, staffing services, and toll collection services to government and regulated commercial clients across the United States. As discussed in Note 2 to the financial statements, Faneuil customer contracts often include promises to transfer multiple products and services to its customers. Specifically, Faneuil performs implementation activities in connection with newly executed customer contracts. Significant judgment is required in determining whether implementation activities represent distinct performance obligations. 
 We identified revenue recognition for newly executed Faneuil customer contracts as a critical audit matter given the judgments necessary for management to determine (1) whether implementation activities represent distinct performance obligations, and (2) the accuracy of the allocation of the contract consideration to individual performance obligations. Performing audit procedures to evaluate the Company s identification of performance obligations and the accuracy of the allocation of consideration to performance obligations for newly executed Faneuil customer contracts required a high degree of auditor judgment. 
 
 F-2 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 
 Our audit procedures related to the evaluation of the Company s conclusions with respect to revenue recognition for newly executed Faneuil customer contracts included the following, among others: 

We evaluated the reasonableness of management s significant accounting policies related to revenue recognition for implementation activities. 

For each newly executed customer contract, we performed the following procedures: 

- 
 
 Obtained and read the customer contract. 

- 
 
 Tested management s identification of distinct performance obligations based on our evaluation of the contract terms and the applicable accounting guidance. 

- 
 
 Tested the accuracy of management s determination of the contract consideration based on the contract terms. 

- 
 
 Tested the accuracy of the allocation of contract consideration to each performance obligation based on the estimated relative standalone selling price of each performance obligation considering (1) the relative cost incurred in satisfying each respective performance obligation, and (2) an evaluation of the margin realized through satisfaction of the performance obligation relative to the margin realized through the satisfaction of other performance obligations within the newly executed contract and under comparable contracts. 

/s/ Deloitte & Touche LLP 
 
 Jericho, New York 
 December 20, 2021 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2019. 
 
 F-3 
 
 Table of Contents 

ALJ REGIONAL HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 in thousands, except par value 

September 30, 

September 30, 

2021 

2020 

ASSETS 

Current assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Accounts receivable, net of allowance for doubtful accounts of and 
 at September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively 

Inventories, net 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Current assets of discontinued operations 

Total current assets 

Property and equipment, net 

Operating lease right-of-use assets 

Intangible assets, net 

Collateral deposits 

Other assets 

Long-term assets of discontinued operations 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Income taxes payable 

Deferred revenue and customer deposits 

Term loans, net of deferred loan costs - current installments 

Finance lease obligations - current installments 

Operating lease obligations - current installments 

Current portion of workers' compensation reserve 

Other current liabilities 

Current liabilities of discontinued operations 

Total current liabilities 

Line of credit, net of deferred loan costs 

Term loans, less current portion, net of deferred loan costs 

Deferred revenue, less current portion 

Workers' compensation reserve, less current portion 

Finance lease obligations, less current installments 

Operating lease obligations, less current installments 

Deferred tax liabilities, net 

Other non-current liabilities 

Long-term liabilities of discontinued operations 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies (Note 9) 

Stockholders equity: 

Common stock, par value authorized shares and 
 issued and outstanding at September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total stockholders equity 

Total liabilities and stockholders equity 

See accompanying notes 
 F-4 
 
 Table of Contents 
 ALJ REGIONAL HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (in thousands, except per share amounts) 

Year Ended 
 September 30, 

2021 

2020 

Net revenue 

Costs and expenses: 

Cost of revenue 

Selling, general, and administrative expense 

Impairment of goodwill 

Gain on disposal of assets, net 

Total operating expenses 

Operating income (loss) 

Other (expense) income: 

Interest expense, net 

Interest from legal settlement 

Loss on debt extinguishment 

Total other expense, net 

Loss from continuing operations before income taxes 

(Provision for) benefit from income taxes 

Net loss from continuing operations 

Net loss from discontinued operations, 
 net of income taxes 

Net loss 

Loss per share of common stock basic and diluted: 

Continuing operations 

Discontinued operations 

Net loss per share 

Weighted average shares of common stock outstanding 
 basic and diluted 

See accompanying notes 
 F-5 
 
 Table of Contents 
 ALJ REGIONAL HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 in thousands 

Year Ended 
 September 30, 

2021 

2020 

Operating activities 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to cash provided by operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization expense 

Loss on debt extinguishment 

Interest expense and other bank fees accreted to term loans 

Change in fair value of contingent consideration 

Amortization of deferred loan costs 

Loss on sale of Carpets 

Stock-based compensation expense 

Provision for bad debts and obsolete inventory 

Impairment of goodwill 

Fair value of warrants issued in connection with debt modification 

Other non-cash expense 

Gain on disposal of assets, net 

Deferred income taxes 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable, net 

Inventories, net 

Prepaid expenses, collateral deposits, and other current assets 

Income tax receivable 

ROU assets/ROU liabilities 

Other assets 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Income tax payable 

Deferred revenue and customer deposits 

Other current liabilities and other non-current liabilities 

Discontinued operations, net 

Cash provided by operating activities 

Investing activities 

Capital expenditures 

Proceeds from sale of Carpets, net of transaction costs 

Proceeds from sales of assets 

Discontinued operations, net 

Cash used for investing activities 

Financing activities 

Proceeds from term loan 

Payments on term loans 

(Payments) proceeds from line of credit, net 

Deferred loan costs 

Payments on finance leases 

Payment of debt extinguishment penalties and other 

Cash used for financing activities 

Change in cash and cash equivalents 

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of the year 

Cash and cash equivalents at end of the year 

See accompanying notes 
 F-6 
 
 Table of Contents 
 ALJ REGIONAL HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 in thousands 

Year Ended 
 September 30, 

2021 

2020 

Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information: 

Cash paid during the period for: 

Interest 

Taxes 

Non-cash investing and financing activities: 

Capital equipment purchased with finance leases 

Capital equipment purchases financed with term loans 

See accompanying notes 

F-7 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 ALJ REGIONAL HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
 in thousands 

Additional 

Common Stock 

Paid-in 

Accumulated 

Shares 

Amount 

Capital 

Deficit 

Total 

Balances on September 30, 2019 

Fair value of warrants issued in connection with term loan 
 amendments 

Issuance of common stock to members of ALJ's board of 
 directors 

Stock-based compensation expense - options 

Net loss 

Cumulative impact of adopting ASC 606 on October 1, 2019 

Balances on September 30, 2020 

Issuance of common stock to members of ALJ's board of 
 directors 

Issuance of common stock upon cashless exercise of stock 
 options 

Stock-based compensation expense - options 

Net loss 

Balances on September 30, 2021 

See accompanying notes 

F-8 
 
 Table of Contents 

ALJ REGIONAL HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 YEARS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2021 AND 2020 of the membership interests of Carpets to Superior for an aggregate purchase price of million (the Purchase Price in cash (the Transaction ). At the time of the PSA, Superior was owned by Steve Chesin, the Chief Executive Officer of Carpets. The Company entered into the PSA because its Carpets business segment had been deemed a non-core holding and had underperformed over the past several years. The Transaction, which was approved by a committee of the Board comprised solely of certain independent directors of the Company, closed in February 2021. As such, the results of operations, assets, liabilities, and cash flows of Carpets were classified as discontinued operations in ALJ s financial statements for all periods presented. See Note 4 for additional information about the divestiture of Carpets. 
 
 F-9 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 ALJ REGIONAL HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 YEARS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2021 AND 2020 
 million, which included million of cash and cash equivalents and million of unused borrowing capacity under the Company s revolving credit facility. While the impact that COVID-19 may have on the Company s financial position, results of operations, and cash flows in the future cannot be estimated with certainty, b ased on current estimates regarding the magnitude and duration of the global pandemic, ALJ does not anticipate an impact on the Company s ability to meet its obligations when due for at least the next 12 months. However, the ultimate magnitude and duration of the global pandemic is highly uncertain and, as such, will require ALJ to continually assess the situation for the foreseeable future. Accordingly, the Company s estimates regarding the magnitude and duration of the global pandemic may change in the future and such changes could be material. 

F-10 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 ALJ REGIONAL HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 YEARS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2021 AND 2020 

Equipment under capital leases 

Equipment 

5 12 years 

Vehicles and commercial trucks 

years 

Buildings 

7 40 years 

Land 

Property and equipment acquired in a business acquisition are recorded at fair value on the date of acquisition. Subsequent purchases are recorded at historical cost. Significant improvements and betterments are capitalized. Routine repairs and maintenance are expensed when incurred. Gains and losses on disposal of fixed assets are recognized in the Consolidated Statements of Operations based on the net disposal proceeds less the carrying amount of the assets. 
 F-11 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 ALJ REGIONAL HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 YEARS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2021 AND 2020 
 
 per incident. Reserves have been provided for workers compensation based on insurance coverages, third-party actuarial analysis, and management s judgment. 
 Phoenix. Phoenix maintains outside insurance to cover workers compensation claims. 
 Level 1 assets or liabilities. 
 
 Level 2 . Inputs are based upon quoted prices for similar instruments in active markets, quoted prices for identical or similar instruments in markets that are not active, and model-based valuation techniques (e.g., the Black-Scholes model) for which all significant inputs are observable in the market or can be corroborated by observable market data for substantially the full term of the assets or liabilities. ALJ had Level 2 assets or liabilities. 
 
 Level 3 . Inputs are generally unobservable and typically reflect management s estimates of assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability. The fair values are therefore determined using model-based techniques, including option pricing models and discounted cash flow models. Unobservable inputs used in the models are significant to the fair values of the assets and liabilities. ALJ had Level 3 assets. ALJ s only Level 3 liabilities are acquisition-related contingent consideration. The fair values were determined using a variation of the income approach, known as the real options method, where certain revenue was simulated in a risk-neutral framework using Geometric Brownian Motion, a well-accepted model of stock price behavior that is used in option pricing models such as the Black-Scholes option pricing model. See Note 4. 
 
 F-12 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 ALJ REGIONAL HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 YEARS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2021 AND 2020 
 
 F-13 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 ALJ REGIONAL HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 YEARS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2021 AND 2020 
 
 F-14 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 ALJ REGIONAL HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 YEARS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2021 AND 2020 

As a result of the decline in ALJ s market capitalization, downward economic pressure, declines in actual and forecasted results of operations including the estimated effects of COVID-19, management determined that it was more likely than not that the fair value of goodwill for all three reporting units was below each reporting unit s respective carrying amount. As such, management performed an interim impairment test as of March 31, 2020, based on discounted cash flows, which were derived from internal forecasts and more cautious economic expectations for all reporting units. 
 
 F-15 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 ALJ REGIONAL HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 YEARS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2021 AND 2020 
 million, which was reflected on the Company s Consolidated Statement of Operations for the year ended September 30, 2020. The Company did not have any impairment of goodwill during the year ended September 30, 2021. 
 
 Long-Lived Assets . Long-lived assets, such as property and equipment and intangible assets subject to amortization, are reviewed for impairment when there is evidence that events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset or asset group may not be recoverable. Recoverability of assets to be held and used is measured by comparing the carrying amount of an asset or asset group to estimated undiscounted future cash flows expected to be generated by the asset or asset group. If the carrying amount of an asset or asset group exceeds its estimated undiscounted future cash flows, an impairment charge is recognized for the amount by which the carrying amount of the asset or asset group exceeds the estimated fair value of the asset or asset group. Long-lived assets to be disposed of by sale are reported at the lower of their carrying amounts or their estimated fair values, less costs to sell, and are not depreciated. 
 The Company did not have any impairment of long-lived assets during the years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020. percent likely of being realized upon ultimate settlement. Management believes that the Company has appropriate support for the income tax positions taken and to be taken on its tax returns and that its accrual for tax liabilities is adequate for all open years based on its assessment of many factors, including past experience and interpretation of tax law applied to the facts of each matter. . 
 F-16 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 ALJ REGIONAL HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 YEARS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2021 AND 2020 
 years, volatility of , dividend yield of , and annual risk-free interest rate of . The weighted-average fair value of the options granted during the year ended September 30, 2021 was . 
 During the year ended September 30, 2020, ALJ used the following weighted-average assumptions: expected option life of years, volatility of , dividend yield of , and annual risk-free interest rate of . The weighted-average fair value of the options granted during the year ended September 30, 2020 was . million, based upon the present value of the remaining minimum rental payments using discount rates as of the adoption date, of which million was in operating lease obligations - current installments, and million was in operating lease liabilities, less current installments. In addition, ALJ recorded corresponding operating lease right-of-use assets totaling million. The adoption of the new standard did not have a material impact on the Consolidated Statements of Operations or the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. See Note 10 for further discussion of the Company s leasing arrangements and required ASC 842 disclosures. 
 
 Income Taxes 
 
 In December 2019, the FASB issued ASU 2019-12, Income Taxes (Topic 740): Simplifying the Accounting for Income Taxes ASU 2019-12 ), which simplifies certain aspects of the accounting for income taxes as well as clarifies and amends existing guidance to improve consistent application. ALJ early adopted ASU 2019-12 as of January 1, 2021. The impact of ASU 2019-12 on ALJ s consolidated financial statements and related disclosures was not material. 
 F-17 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 ALJ REGIONAL HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 YEARS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2021 AND 2020 

F-18 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 ALJ REGIONAL HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 YEARS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2021 AND 2020 

Transportation 

Utility 

Government 

Other 

Total Faneuil 

Phoenix: 

Publisher 

MSA 

Non-MSA 

Commercial 

MSA 

Non-MSA 

Total Phoenix 

Total consolidated revenue, net 

Substantially all of Faneuil revenue is recognized over time and substantially all of Phoenix revenue is recognized at a point in time. 
 Contract Assets and Liabilities 

Total contract assets 

Contract liabilities: 

Deferred revenue 

Accrued rebates and material rights (2) 

Total contract liabilities 

(1) 

(2) 

F-19 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 ALJ REGIONAL HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 YEARS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2021 AND 2020 

Additions to contract assets 

Transfer from contract assets to accounts receivable 

Revenue recognized 

Accrued rebates 

Payment of rebates 

Cash received from customer 

Balance, September 30, 2020 

Additions to contract assets 

Transfer from contract assets to accounts receivable 

Revenue recognized 

Accrued rebates 

Payment of rebates 

Cash received from customer 

Balance, September 30, 2021 

Deferred Revenue and Remaining Performance Obligations 
 
 Deferred revenue primarily consists of billings or payments received in advance of revenue recognition from call center services, including non-refundable payments made prior to operations. Deferred revenue is recognized as revenue when transfer of control to customers has occurred. Customers are typically invoiced for these agreements in regular installments and revenue is recognized ratably over the contractual service period. The deferred revenue balance is influenced by several factors, including seasonality, the compounding effects of renewals, invoice duration, invoice timing, size and new business linearity within the quarter. Deferred revenue does not represent the total contract value of annual or multi-year non-cancellable agreements. 
 
 Payment terms and conditions vary by contract type, although terms generally include a requirement of payment within 30 to 60 days. In instances where the timing of revenue recognition differs from the timing of invoicing, the Company has determined that contracts generally do not include a significant financing component. The primary purpose of invoicing terms is to provide customers with simplified and predictable ways of purchasing products and services, not to receive financing from customers. Any potential financing fees are considered de minimis. 
 Transaction price allocated to remaining performance obligations represents contracted revenue that has not yet been recognized, which includes deferred revenue. Transaction price allocated to the remaining performance obligation is influenced by several factors, including the timing of renewals and average contract terms. The Company applied practical expedients to exclude amounts related to performance obligations that are billed and recognized as they are delivered, optional purchases that do not represent material rights, and any estimated amounts of variable consideration that are subject to constraint in accordance with the new revenue standard. 
 The Company has elected to apply the optional exemption for the disclosure of remaining performance obligations for contracts that have an original expected duration of one year or less, are billed and recognized as services are delivered and/or variable consideration allocated entirely to a wholly unsatisfied promise to transfer a distinct good or service that forms part of a single performance obligation. This primarily consists of call center services that are billed monthly based on the services performed each month . 
 Costs to Obtain a Contract 
 
 The Company recognizes an asset for the incremental costs of obtaining a contract with a customer if it expects the benefit of those costs to be longer than one year. The costs to obtain a contract capitalized under the new revenue standard are primarily sales commissions paid to our sales force personnel. Capitalized costs may also include portions of fringe benefits and payroll taxes associated with compensation for incremental costs to acquire customer contracts and incentive payments to partners. These costs are 
 F-20 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 ALJ REGIONAL HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 YEARS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2021 AND 2020 
 million and million, respectively, of costs to obtain a contract. During the years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020, the Company amortized million and million, respectively, of these costs, which was included in selling, general, and administrative expense. The net book value of costs to obtain a contract was million as of September 30, 2021, of which million was in prepaid expenses and other current assets, and million was in other assets. The net book value of costs to obtain a contract was million on September 30, 2020, of which million was in prepaid expenses and other current assets, and million was in other assets. 
 Costs to Fulfill a Contract 
 
 The Company also capitalizes costs incurred to fulfill its contracts that (i) relate directly to the contract, (ii) are expected to generate resources that will be used to satisfy the Company s performance obligation under the contract, and (iii) are expected to be recovered through revenue generated under the contract. Contract fulfillment costs are expensed to cost of revenue as the Company satisfies its performance obligations by transferring the service to the customer. These costs are amortized on a systematic basis over the expected period of benefit. 
 
 During the years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020, the Company capitalized million and million, respectively, of costs to fulfill a contract. The amortization of costs to fulfill contracts, which comprise set-up/transition activities, for the years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020 was million and million, respectively. The net book value of the costs to fulfill a contract on September 30, 2021 totaled million of which million was in prepaid expenses and other current assets, and million was in other assets. The net book value of the costs to fulfill a contract on September 30, 2020 totaled million, of which million was in prepaid expenses and other current assets, and million was in other assets. 
 
 Capitalized costs to obtain and fulfill a contract are periodically reviewed for impairment. ALJ did t incur any impairment losses during the years ended September 30, 2021 or 2020. 
 million, with earn-outs up to million to be paid upon the achievement of certain financial metrics over a three-year period, subject to a guaranteed payout of million. In March 2021, Faneuil made the first earn-out payment of million. The RDI Acquisition was not material to the Company's results of operations, financial position, or cash flows and, therefore, the pro forma impact is not presented. 
 F-21 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 ALJ REGIONAL HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 YEARS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2021 AND 2020 

Fixed assets 

Identified intangible assets: 

Technology 

Non-compete agreements 

Goodwill (1) 

Total assets 

Accrued expenses 

Fair value of deferred and contingent consideration (2) 

Cash paid at closing 

(1) 

(2) 
 
 million. On September 30, 2021, the fair value of deferred and contingent consideration was million, of which million was i ncluded in accrued expenses and million was included in other non-current liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheet. The original maximum payment was million. 

Fair Value Adjustment of Deferred and Contingent Consideration Liabilities 
 
 The fair value of the deferred and contingent consideration liabilities is remeasured to fair value at each reporting period using Level 3 inputs such as cash flow forecast, discount rate, and equity risk premium. The change in fair value, including accretion for the passage of time, is recognized in earnings until the deferred and contingent considerations are resolved. ALJ recorded a million and a million increase to deferred and contingent consideration liabilities during the years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively, which was expensed to selling, general, and administrative expense. 
 Acquisition-Related Expenses 
 There were no acquisition-related expenses incurred during the year ended September 30, 2021. During the year ended September 30, 2020, the Company incurred less than million of acquisition-related expenses in connection with the RDI Acquisition, which were expensed to selling, general, and administrative expense. 
 Carpets Divestiture million during the year ended September 30, 2021, calculated as follows: 

in thousands 

Cash proceeds 

Net assets sold 

Transaction costs 

Impact of income taxes 

Total loss on sale 

F-22 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 ALJ REGIONAL HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 YEARS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2021 AND 2020 

Intangible assets, net 

Other long-term assets 

Current liabilities 

Long-term liabilities 

Net assets sold 

The following table presents the aggregate carrying amounts of the classes of assets and liabilities of discontinued operations on September 30, 2020: 

September 30, 

in thousands 

2020 

Assets: 

Accounts receivable 

Inventories, net 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Property and equipment, net 

Intangible assets, net 

Other long-term assets 

Total assets of discontinued operations 

Liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Other current liabilities 

Total long-term liabilities 

Total liabilities of discontinued operations 

The following table presents information regarding certain components of loss from discontinued operations for the years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020: 

Year Ended 
 September 30, 

in thousands 

2021 

2020 

Net revenue 

Operating income (loss) 

Loss on sale 

Loss before income taxes 

Income tax expense 

Loss from discontinued operations 

F-23 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 ALJ REGIONAL HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 YEARS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2021 AND 2020 

Depreciation and amortization expense 

Provision for obsolete inventory 

Gain on disposal of assets, net 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable, net 

Inventories, net 

Prepaid expenses, collateral deposits, and other current assets 

Other assets and liabilities, net 

Investing activities 

Capital expenditures 

of consolidated net revenue. Each of ALJ s segments had customers that represent more than 10 of their respective net revenue, as described below. 

Customer B 

of Faneuil net revenue. 

Accounts receivable from significant customers during the year ended September 30, 2021 totaled million on September 30, 2021. As of September 30, 2021, all Faneuil accounts receivable were unsecured. The risk with respect to accounts receivable is mitigated by credit evaluations performed on customers and the short duration of payment terms extended to customers. 

Customer B 

Customer C 

F-24 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 ALJ REGIONAL HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 YEARS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2021 AND 2020 
 million on September 30, 2021. As of September 30, 2021, all Phoenix accounts receivable were unsecured. The risk with respect to accounts receivable is mitigated by credit evaluations performed on customers and the short duration of payment terms extended to most customers. 
 Supplier Risk segment, Phoenix, that purchases inventory. Phoenix had suppliers that represented more than of both Phoenix inventory purchases, and consolidated ALJ inventory purchases as follows: 

Supplier B 

Supplier C 

of both Phoenix inventory purchases and consolidated ALJ inventory purchases. 

If these suppliers were unable to provide materials on a timely basis, Phoenix management believes alternative suppliers could provide the required supplies with minimal disruption to the business. 

Unbilled receivables 

Accounts receivable 

Less: allowance for doubtful accounts 

Accounts receivable, net 

Inventories, Net 

Semi-finished goods/work in process 

Finished goods 

Inventories 

Less: allowance for obsolete inventory 

Inventories, net 

F-25 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 ALJ REGIONAL HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 YEARS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2021 AND 2020 

Leasehold improvements 

Computer and office equipment 

Building and improvements 

Software 

Land 

Furniture and fixtures 

Construction and equipment in process 

Vehicles 

Property and equipment 

Less: accumulated depreciation and amortization 

Property and equipment, net 

Property and equipment depreciation and amortization expense, including amounts related to finance leased assets, was million and million for the years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 Intangible Assets 

Trade names 
 
 27.6 

22.1 

Supply agreements 
 
 11.9 

9.0 

Technology 
 
 8.0 

5.8 

Non-compete agreements 
 
 6.6 

4.1 

Totals 

September 30, 2020 

(in thousands) 
 
 Weighted 
 Average 
 Original Life 
 (Years) 

Weighted 
 Average 
 Remaining Life 
 (Years) 

Gross 

Accumulated 
 Amortization 

Net 

Customer relationships 
 
 7.0 

4.5 

Trade names 
 
 27.6 

23.0 

Supply agreements 
 
 10.2 

9.1 

Technology 
 
 8.0 

6.8 

Non-compete agreements 
 
 6.6 

5.1 

Totals 

Intangible asset amortization expense was million and million for the years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 F-26 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 ALJ REGIONAL HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 YEARS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2021 AND 2020 

Write off fully amortized 
 intangible assets 

Amortization expense 

Balance, September 30, 2020 

Write off fully amortized 
 intangible assets 

Amortization expense 

Balance, September 30, 2021 

Fiscal 2023 

Fiscal 2024 

Fiscal 2025 

Fiscal 2026 

Thereafter 

Total 

Accrued Expenses 

Rebates payable 

Acquisition contingent consideration 

Legal 

Bank overdraft 

Other 

Medical and benefit-related payables 

Accrued board of director fees 

Interest payable 

Deferred lease incentives 

Total accrued expenses 

F-27 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 ALJ REGIONAL HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 YEARS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2021 AND 2020 
 per incident. Reserves have been provided for workers compensation based upon insurance coverages, third-party actuarial analysis, and management s judgment. 
 Phoenix. Phoenix maintains a fully insured plan for workers compensation claims. 

Net loss from discontinued operations, 
 net of income taxes 

Net loss 

Loss per share of common stock basic and diluted: 

Continuing operations 

Discontinued operations 

Net loss per share 

Weighted average shares of common stock outstanding 
 basic and diluted 

Anti-dilutive shares excluded from diluted net loss 
 per share calculation: 

Convertible debt 

Warrants 

Employee stock option grants 

Total 

F-28 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 ALJ REGIONAL HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 YEARS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2021 AND 2020 

Amended PNC Revolver LIBOR 

Cerberus/PNC Revolver 

Cerberus/PNC Revolver LIBOR 

Less: deferred loan costs 

Line of credit, net of deferred loan costs 

Current portion of term loans: 

Current portion of Blue Torch Term Loan 

Current portion of Cerberus Term Loan 

Current portion of equipment financing 

Less: deferred loan costs 

Current portion of term loans, net of deferred loan costs 

Term loans, less current portion: 

Blue Torch Term Loan, less current portion 

Convertible Promissory Notes 

Cerberus Term Loan, less current portion 

Term B Loan 

Term C Loan 

Equipment financing, less current portion 

Less: deferred loan costs 

Term loans, less current portion, net of deferred loan costs 

Total line of credit and term loans 

Payments, net 

Interest expense and other bank fees 
 accreted to term loans 

New equipment financing 

Amortization of deferred loan costs 

Balance, June 29, 2021 prior to debt 
 transactions 

Impacts from June 29, 2021 debt 
 transactions: 

Existing debt payoff and other fees 

New debt 

Transfer of debt 

Loss on debt extinguishment 

Proceeds from line of credit, net 

Quarterly payment on Blue Torch 
 Term Loan 

Amortization of deferred loan costs 

Balance, September 30, 2021 

F-29 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 ALJ REGIONAL HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 YEARS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2021 AND 2020 
 
 Description of Debt Obligations Entered into During the Year Ended September 30, 2021 
 
 New Term Loan 
 
 On June 29, 2021, ALJ replaced its existing term loan and Term B Loan under the Cerberus/PNC Financing Agreement (each as defined below) by entering into a new term loan Blue Torch Term Loan with Blue Torch Business Finance, LLC for an aggregate under the total principal amount of million. ALJ completed the transaction primarily to: 

Refinance its existing term loans 

Extend the maturity date from November 2023 to June 2025 

Update certain financial covenants to align with projected results of operations 

Repay certain capitalized leases and all equipment financing arrangements and 

Improve liquidity and operating flexibility. 

The Blue Torch Term Loan, which matures on , requires annual principal payments of million paid in equal quarterly installments on the last business day of each fiscal quarter. 
 
 The Blue Torch Term Loan bears interest at a floating rate based on the London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR ), subject to a minimum of per year, plus an applicable margin of per year. 
 
 The Blue Torch Term Loan is secured by substantially all of the Company s assets, includes customary representations, warranties and covenants, including, among other things, restrictions on ALJ s ability to incur additional indebtedness, dispose of assets, incur liens, make investments, pay dividends or other distributions, and enter into certain transactions with their affiliates, in each case subject to specified exceptions. 
 
 The Blue Torch Term Loan has a prepayment penalty of , , and of the outstanding principal balance if ALJ prepays the loan during year one, year two, and year three, respectively. 
 
 Amendment and Restatement of Existing Facility 
 
 In connection with the Blue Torch Term Loan, ALJ amended and restated in its entirety the Cerberus/PNC Financing Agreement (as defined below, and as amended and restated, the Amended PNC Revolver ). The Cerberus/PNC Financing Agreement had two lenders, PNC Bank NA PNC and Cerberus Business Finance, LLC Cerberus ). As part of the Amended PNC Revolver, Cerberus was paid in full Cerberus Payoff using proceeds from the Blue Torch Term Loan. 
 
 The Amended PNC Revolver provides for a total of million, which includes (i) revolving borrowings, and (ii) the issuance of letters of credit. The letters of credit have a sublimit of million. The Amended PNC Revolver matures . 
 
 Amounts outstanding under the Amended PNC Revolver bear interest at a floating rate based on (i) the highest of (a) per year, (b) the Federal Funds Open Rate plus per year, (c) the LIBOR plus per year, or (d) the prime lending rate of PNC, plus (ii) an applicable margin. The applicable margin is either or per year depending on whether or not ALJ meets certain debt covenant criteria as defined in the Amended PNC Revolver, respectively. 
 
 Under the Amended PNC Revolver, ALJ has the ability to lock into a lower rate for a fixed period of time, e.g . one month, for a fixed amount of borrowings under the Amended PNC Revolver. This lower rate is the LIBOR, subject to a minimum of per year, plus an applicable margin of per year. 
 
 F-30 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 ALJ REGIONAL HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 YEARS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2021 AND 2020 
 , , and of the total outstanding commitment, million, if ALJ prepays the loan during year one, year two, and year three, respectively. 
 
 On September 30, 2021, ALJ had an unused borrowing capacity of million. 
 
 Issuance of Convertible Promissory Notes 
 
 In connection with the Cerberus Payoff, on June 29, 2021, ALJ issued convertible promissory notes in an aggregate principal amount of million (the Convertible Promissory Notes to two investors, including ALJ s Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board, Jess Ravich. The Convertible Promissory Notes replace and have substantially the same terms as ALJ s prior Term C Loan (as defined below), except the Convertible Promissory Notes pay interest quarterly and the Term C Loan paid interest at maturity. 
 
 The Convertible Promissory Notes accrue interest at the rate of per year, compounded monthly with interest payable in cash quarterly in arrears on the last day of each calendar quarter on the outstanding principal balance until such principal amount is paid in full or until conversion. The principal and accrued interest owed under the Convertible Promissory Notes are convertible, at the option of the holders, into shares of the Company s common stock, at any time prior to , at a conversion price equal to the equal to the quotient of all amounts due under each Convertible Promissory Note divided by the conversion rate of per common share. 
 
 The Convertible Promissory Notes are (i) subordinate to the Blue Torch Term Loan and the Amended PNC Revolver, (ii) unsecured, and (iii) have a maturity date of November 28, 2023, subject to extension under certain circumstances. 
 
 Loss on Debt Extinguishment 

Prepayment penalties from Cerberus/PNC Financing Agreement 

Prepayment penalties from equipment financing agreements, capital leases, and other 

Total loss on debt extinguishment 

Financial Covenant Compliance 
 
 The Blue Torch Term Loan and the Amended PNC Revolver include certain financial covenants. As of September 30, 2021, ALJ was in compliance with all financial covenants. 
 
 F-31 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 ALJ REGIONAL HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 YEARS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2021 AND 2020 

2023 

2024 

2025 

Total 

. 

Description of Historical Debt Obligations Entered into During Prior Reporting Periods 
 All of the debt described below was paid off in full on June 29, 2021 Payoff Date ). The disclosure is included to provide a historical perspective of ALJ s debt prior to the Payoff Date. 
 Term Loan and Line of Credit 
 
 In August 2015, ALJ entered into a financing agreement Cerberus/PNC Financing Agreement with Cerberus, to borrow million in a term loan Cerberus Term Loan and have available up to million in a revolving loan Cerberus/PNC Revolver, and together with the Cerberus Term Loan, Cerberus/PNC Debt ). ALJ subsequently entered into nine amendments to the Cerberus/PNC Financing Agreement, of which four were executed during the period covered by this report and described below. The Cerberus/PNC Debt maturity date was Cerberus/PNC Debt Maturity Date ). 
 
 Sixth Amendment to the Cerberus/PNC Financing Agreement 
 
 In December 2019, ALJ entered into the Sixth Amendment Sixth Amendment to the Cerberus/PNC Financing Agreement. The Sixth Amendment amended certain terms and covenants in order to support the continued growth of the Company, as summarized below: million in aggregate principal amount from the Cerberus Term Loan to a new term loan (referred to hereafter as Term B Loan as discussed in more detail below 

Adjusted the leverage ratio 

Decreased the fixed charge coverage ratio and 

Increased the interest rate floor for LIBOR rate loans from to per year and for Prime rate loans from to per year . 

Additionally, the Sixth Amendment added a deleveraging fee Deleveraging Fee ), of which the first payment was made on March 31, 2020, and the second payment was due on June 30, 2020 unless one or more persons purchased a million participating interest in the Cerberus Term Loan prior to June 30, 2020. The first payment was expensed to selling, general, and administrative expense. As a result of the Ninth Amendment (see Ninth Amendment to the Cerberus/PNC Financing Agreement below), the second payment was not required by Cerberus. 
 
 F-32 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 ALJ REGIONAL HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 YEARS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2021 AND 2020 
 million and 

Increased the available borrowing limit under the Cerberus/PNC Revolver from million to million for the period from March 16, 2020 to March 31, 2020. 

Eighth Amendment to the Cerberus/PNC Financing Agreement 
 In March 2020, ALJ entered into the Eighth Amendment Eighth Amendment to the Cerberus/PNC Financing Agreement to amend certain terms and covenants, which included: 
 million through the Cerberus/PNC Debt Maturity Date 

Adjusted certain quarterly principal payment obligations 

Adjusted payment terms on the Term B Loan interest payable, from a mixture of cash and payable in kind to payable in kind, until the Term A Loan was paid in full and 

Added a monthly fee of million, from the period April 1, 2020 through the Cerberus/PNC Debt Maturity Date, which amounts were (i) added to the Cerberus Term Loan, (ii) accrued interest at the Cerberus Term Loan rate, and (iii) was paid as part of the Cerberus Payoff . 

Ninth Amendment to the Cerberus/PNC Financing Agreement 
 
 As a result of the decline in ALJ s actual and forecasted results of operations, including the potential effects of COVID-19, ALJ sought an easement of certain debt covenants and the elimination of certain quarterly principal payment obligations under the Cerberus/PNC Financing Agreement. 
 
 In May 2020, ALJ entered into the Ninth Amendment Ninth Amendment to the Cerberus/PNC Financing Agreement. The Ninth Amendment amended certain terms and covenants as summarized below: 

Increased the interest rate from LIBOR plus per year to LIBOR plus per year on the LIBOR portion of the Cerberus/PNC Revolver, an increase of per year 

Increased the interest rate from Prime plus per year to Prime plus per year on the Prime portion of the Cerberus/PNC Revolver, an increase of per year 

Eliminated or reduced certain quarterly principal payment obligations 

Excluded amounts outstanding under the Term B Loan and Term C Loan (see Amendment to the Junior Participation Agreements Term C Loan below) from the leverage ratio calculation and 

Adjusted the leverage ratio threshold and the fixed charge coverage ratio. 

Junior Participation Agreement Term B Loan and Warrants Issued 
 
 In December 2019, in connection with the Sixth Amendment, certain trusts and other entities formed for the benefit of, or otherwise affiliated with Mr. Ravich Ravich Entities ), entered into a Junior Participation Agreement with Cerberus Junior Participation Agreement ), pursuant to which the Ravich Entities agreed to purchase million in junior participation interests in the Term B Loan under the Cerberus/PNC Financing Agreement Junior Participation and such interests, Junior Participation Interests ). The Junior Participation Interests were junior and subordinate to the Cerberus Term Loan in all respects and had no quarterly payments. Through March 2020, interest accrued under the Junior Participation per year, payable on the Cerberus/PNC Debt Maturity Date. See 
 F-33 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 ALJ REGIONAL HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 YEARS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2021 AND 2020 
 million shares of the Company s common stock Junior Participation Agreement Warrants to the Ravich Entities, with a five-year term and an exercise price of . 
 
 The fair value of the Junior Participation Agreement Warrants was calculated using the Black Scholes Model with the following assumptions: contractual life of , volatility of , dividend yield of , and annual risk-free interest rate of . The fair value of the Junior Participation Agreement Warrants of million was expensed to selling, general, and administrative expense in June 2020. 
 
 Amendment to Junior Participation Agreement Term B Loan and Warrants Issued 
 In March 2020, in connection with the Eighth Amendment to the Cerberus/PNC Financing Agreement, the Ravich Entities entered into the First Amendment to the Junior Participation Agreement First Amendment to Junior Participation Agreement ). Under the First Amendment to Junior Participation Agreement, interest was paid in kind, instead of a mixture of cash and in kind. 
 In connection with the First Amendment to Junior Participation Agreement, the Company issued fully vested warrants to purchase million shares of the Company s common stock First Amendment to Junior Participation Agreement Warrants to the Ravich Entities, with a five-year term and an exercise price of . 
 
 The fair value of the First Amendment to Junior Participation Agreement Warrants was calculated using the Black Scholes Model with the following assumptions: contractual life of , volatility of , dividend yield of , and annual risk-free interest rate of . The fair value of the First Amendment to Junior Participation Agreement Warrants of million was expensed to selling, general, and administrative expense in March 2020. 
 Amendment to the Junior Participation Agreements Term C Loan 
 
 In May 2020, in connection with, and as a condition to, the Ninth Amendment, certain stockholders of the Company Term C Loan Junior Participants ), including Mr. Ravich, entered into, or amended certain Junior Participation Agreements (collectively, Term C Loan Junior Participation Agreements with Cerberus. Pursuant to the Term C Loan Junior Participation Agreements (which was amended and/or restated from time to time), the Term C Loan Junior Participants acquired junior participation interests in the Term C Loan in an aggregate amount of million on May 12, 2020 Term C Loan ). Mr. Ravich agreed to acquire additional junior participation interests in the Term B Loan in an aggregate amount of (i) million on June 30, 2021 and (ii) million on September 30, 2021 as long as Term B Loan was outstanding on such date. 
 per share. 

F-34 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 ALJ REGIONAL HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 YEARS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2021 AND 2020 

First Amendment 

Color Optics acquisition 

Third Amendment 

Printing Components Business acquisition 

Fourth Amendment 

Working capital 

Sixth Amendment (Term B loan) 

N/A 

Eighth Amendment (Accreted fees) 

N/A 

Ninth Amendment (Term C loan) 

Working capital 

Line of Credit: 

Cerberus/PNC Revolver (includes 
 Second, Fifth, Seventh, Eighth, 
 and Ninth Amendments) 

Interest payments were due in arrears on the first day of each month. Quarterly principal payments were due on the last day of each fiscal quarter. Annual principal payments equal to of ALJ s excess cash flow ECF ), as defined in the Cerberus/PNC Financing Agreement, were due annually each December, upon delivery of the annual audited financial statements. The annual ECF calculation, based on results of operations for the year ended September 30, 2020 did not require ALJ to make an annual ECF payment in December 2020. 
 In certain instances, ALJ was required to make mandatory term loan payments if ALJ receives cash outside the normal course of business. ALJ made one mandatory payment of million during the year ended September 30, 2020. additional mandatory payments were made during any other period covered by this report. 
 The Cerberus/PNC Debt was secured by substantially all of the Company s assets and imposed certain limitations on the Company, including its ability to incur debt, grant liens, initiate certain investments, declare dividends and dispose of assets. The Cerberus/PNC Debt also required ALJ to comply with certain debt covenants. 
 
 Cerberus/PNC Debt - Loan Amendment Fees 
 
 ALJ accounted for all Cerberus/PNC Debt amendments as debt modifications pursuant to ASC 470, Debt . ALJ did t pay any Cerberus/PNC Debt loan amendment fees during the year ended September 30, 2021. 
 
 During the year ended September 30, 2020, ALJ paid million of legal and other fees of which million was added to deferred loan costs and amortized to interest expense through the Cerberus/PNC Debt Maturity Date. The remaining fees of million were expensed to selling, general, and administrative expense during the year ended September 30, 2020. 
 
 Equipment Financing 
 In June 2020, Phoenix purchased a Heidelberg Press for million with a million equipment financing June 2020 Equipment Financing ), million cash, and a million trade-in allowance. The June 2020 Equipment Financing term was (i) months, (ii) required principal and interest payments, (iii) accrued interest at per year, and (iv) was secured by the respective Heidelberg Press. 
 In March 2021, Phoenix purchased a second Heidelberg Press for million with a million equipment financing March 2021 Equipment Financing and together with the June 2020 Equipment Financing, the Equipment Financings ), million cash, and a million trade-in allowance. The March 2021 Equipment Financing term was (i) months, (ii) required principal and interest payments, (iii) accrued interest at per year, and (iv) was secured by the respective Heidelberg Press. 
 On June 29, 2021, the Equipment Financings were paid in full using proceeds from the Blue Torch Term Loan. 
 F-35 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 ALJ REGIONAL HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 YEARS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2021 AND 2020 
 million. 
 Surety Bonds 
 As part of Faneuil s normal course of operations, certain customers require surety bonds guaranteeing the performance of a contract. On September 30, 2021, the face value of such surety bonds, which represents the maximum cash payments that Faneuil s surety would be obligated to pay under certain circumstances of non-performance, was million. To date, Faneuil has not made any non-performance payments to any of its sureties. 
 Letters of Credit 
 The Company had letters of credit totaling million outstanding on September 30, 2021. 
 Litigation, Claims, and Assessments 
 Faneuil, Inc. v. 3M Company 
 On September 22, 2016, Faneuil filed a complaint against 3M Company 3M in the Circuit Court for the City of Richmond, Virginia (the Richmond Circuit Court ). The dispute arose out of a subcontract entered into between 3M and Faneuil in relation to a toll road project in Portsmouth, Virginia. In its complaint, Faneuil sought recovery of million based on three causes of action: 
 On October 14, 2016, 3M filed its answer and counterclaim against Faneuil. In its counterclaim, 3M sought recovery in excess of million based on three claims: 3M s counterclaim alleged it incurred approximately million in damages as a result of Faneuil s conduct and sought indemnification of an additional million in damages incurred as a result of continued performance. 
 
 The matter was tried in a bench trial from April 30, 2018 through May 2, 2018. On May 15, 2018, the Richmond Circuit Court issued its opinion, which dismissed both Faneuil s complaint and 3M s counterclaim with prejudice. monetary damages were awarded to either Faneuil or 3M. As a result of the Richmond Circuit Court s opinion, ALJ recorded a non-cash litigation loss of million (the outstanding unreserved receivable from 3M), which was included in selling, general, and administrative expense during the year ended September 30, 2018. The matter was appealed to the Supreme Court of Virginia where Faneuil was awarded approximately million, plus pre- and post-judgment interest. The matter was remanded to the trial court for calculation of interest and entry of final judgment. Faneuil and 3M settled on the amount of interest to be paid. The final judgment plus interest, which totaled million, was received and recorded by Faneuil in December 2019. Of the total 1.5 million, million was booked as a reduction to selling, general, and administrative expense, and million was booked to interest from legal settlement on the Statement of Operations during the year ended September 30, 2020. 
 Marshall v. Faneuil, Inc. 
 
 On July 31, 2017, plaintiff Donna Marshall Marshall filed a proposed class action lawsuit in the Superior Court of the State of California for the County of Sacramento against Faneuil and ALJ. Marshall, a previously terminated Faneuil employee, alleges various California state law employment-related claims against Faneuil. Faneuil has answered the complaint and removed the matter to the United States District Court for the Eastern District of California however, Marshall filed a motion to remand the case back to state court, which has been granted. In connection with the above, an amended complaint was filed by certain plaintiffs to add a claim for penalties under the California Private Attorneys General Act (the PAGA Claim ). Faneuil demurred to the PAGA Claim and it was eventually dismissed by the trial court. 
 A mediation was held on March 11, 2021 and the parties are negotiating a settlement. 
 F-36 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 ALJ REGIONAL HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 YEARS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2021 AND 2020 

of operating leases are for facilities. Many of the Company s facilities leases contain renewal options and rent escalation clauses. 
 
 The Company determines if an arrangement is a lease at inception and recognizes a finance or operating lease liability and right-of-use asset in the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheet. Right-of-use assets and lease liabilities for both operating and finance leases are recognized based on present value of lease payments over the lease term at commencement date. 
 
 In instances where the lease does not provide an implicit rate, the Company estimates an incremental borrowing rate IBR based on the information available at commencement date to determine the present value of lease payments. ALJ does not have a published credit rating because it has no publicly traded debt. However, the Company does have several privately held debt instruments that were taken into consideration. The Company generates its IBR, using a synthetic credit rating model that estimates the likelihood (probability) of a borrower receiving a given credit rating based on relevant credit factors or predictor variables. It is based on a regression analysis using selected financial ratios of publicly traded industry comparable companies and the companies credit ratings. The estimated IBR is then adjusted for (i) the length of the lease term, and (ii) the effect of designating specific collateral with a value equal to the unpaid lease payments. Finally, ALJ applies the estimated IBR on a lease-by-lease basis as each lease has different start and end dates and has different assumptions regarding purchase or renewal options. 
 
 For facilities leases, ALJ accounts for non-lease components such as maintenance, taxes, and insurance, separately. For equipment leases, ALJ accounts for lease and non-lease components as a single lease component. The difference between the operating lease right-of-use assets and operating lease liabilities primarily relates to adjustments for deferred rent and tenant improvement allowances. 
 
 F-37 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 ALJ REGIONAL HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 YEARS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2021 AND 2020 

Less accumulated amortization 

Property and equipment, net 

Finance lease obligations, current portion 

Finance lease obligations, less current portion 

Total finance lease liabilities 

Operating Leases: 

Operating lease right-of-use assets 

Operating lease obligations - current installments 

Operating lease obligations, less current installments 

Total operating lease obligations 

Weighted average remaining lease term (years): 

Finance 

1.4 

Operating 

6.8 

Weighted average discount rate: 

Finance 

Operating 

Amortization of finance lease assets 

Cost of revenue 

Interest on finance lease liabilities 

Interest expense 

Total finance lease cost 

Operating Leases: 

Operating lease cost 

Selling, general, and administrative expense 

Operating lease cost 

Cost of revenue 

Variable lease cost 

Selling, general, and administrative expense 

Short-term lease cost 

Selling, general, and administrative expense 

Total operating lease cost 

Total lease cost 

Operating cash flows used for operating leases - continuing operations 

Operating cash flows used for operating leases - discontinued operations 

Financing cash flows used for finance leases 

Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for lease obligations: 

Finance leases 

Operating leases 

F-38 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 ALJ REGIONAL HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 YEARS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2021 AND 2020 

2023 

2024 

2025 

2026 

Thereafter 

Total lease payments 

Less: imputed interest 

Total present value of lease payments 

Reported as of September 30, 2021 

Current 

Non-current 

Total 

million shares of common stock upon the cashless exercise of stock options. ALJ issued million shares of common stock to members of ALJ s Board of Directors as compensation. See Common Stock Awards below for further discussion 
 Common Stock Activity during the Year Ended September 30, 2020 
 ALJ issued million shares of common stock to members of ALJ s Board of Directors as compensation. See Common Stock Awards below for further discussion. 
 Preferred Stock 
 
 In August 2018, ALJ shareholders approved the amendment and restatement of ALJ s Restated Certificate of Incorporation to eliminate the preferred stock and authorize the issuance of million shares of blank check preferred stock. ALJ had preferred stock outstanding on September 30, 2021 or 2020. 
 Equity Incentive Plans 
 
 Further, ALJ believes the 2016 Plan aligns the compensation of directors, officers, and employees with shareholder interest. 
 
 The 2016 Plan is administered by ALJ s Compensation, Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Committee of the Board. The maximum aggregate number of common stock shares that may be granted under the 2016 Plan is million. The 2016 Plan generally provides for the grant of qualified or nonqualified stock options, restricted stock and restricted stock units, unrestricted stock, stock appreciation rights, performance awards and other awards. The Committee has full discretion to set the vesting criteria. The exercise price of a stock option may not be less than of the fair market value of ALJ s common stock on the date of grant. The 2016 Plan prohibits the repricing of outstanding stock options without prior shareholder approval. The term of stock options granted under the 2016 Plan may not exceed . Awards are subject to accelerated vesting upon a change in control in the event the acquiring company does not assume the awards. The Board may amend, alter, or discontinue the 2016 Plan, but shall obtain shareholder approval of any amendment as required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements. As of September 30, 2021, there were million options available for future grant under the 2016 Plan. 
 F-39 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 ALJ REGIONAL HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 YEARS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2021 AND 2020 

Common stock awards 

Total stock-based compensation expense 

On September 30, 2021, ALJ had million of total unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested stock options. This cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of approximately years. 
 Stock Option Activity and Outstanding 

Granted 

Outstanding on September 30, 2020 

Exercised 

Forfeited or expired 

Granted 

Outstanding on September 30, 2021 

Vested or Expected to Vest on September 30, 2021 

9.76 

2.10 - 3.33 

6.13 

4.00 - 4.27 

2.16 

Total 

4.20 

The intrinsic value of options is the excess of the value of ALJ stock over the exercise price of such options. The total intrinsic value of options outstanding (of which all are vested or expected to vest) and the total intrinsic value of options exercisable was less than million on September 30, 2021 and 2020. The total intrinsic value of options exercised during the year ended September 30, 2021 was less than million. There were options exercised during the year ended September 30, 2020. 
 
 F-40 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 ALJ REGIONAL HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 YEARS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2021 AND 2020 
 million for both the year ended September 30, 2021 and 2020. 
 Common Stock Options and Warrants Outstanding on September 30, 2021 
 
 On September 30, 2021, ALJ had million stock options with a weighted average exercise price of outstanding and warrants exercisable to purchase million shares of common stock with a weighted average exercise price of outstanding. 

(Provision for) benefit from income taxes: 

Current: 

Federal 

State 

Total (provision for) benefit from current income taxes 

Deferred: 

Federal 

State 

Total benefit from deferred income taxes 

Total (provision for) benefit from income taxes 

Effective tax rate 

Increase (reduction) in rate resulting from: 

Change in valuation allowance 

Prior-year adjustments (1) 

Goodwill impairment 

Permanent differences 

State tax, net of federal benefit 

Change in corporate tax rate 

Tax credits and other 

Effective tax rate 

________________ 

(1) 
 
 . 
 
 F-41 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 ALJ REGIONAL HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 YEARS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2021 AND 2020 

Accrued expenses and other 

Work opportunity tax credit carryforwards 

Deferred revenue 

Operating lease obligations 

Land and depreciable assets 

Allowance for doubtful accounts 

Gross deferred tax assets 

Less: valuation allowance 

Net deferred tax assets 

Deferred tax liabilities: 

Intangible assets 

Land and depreciable assets 

Operating lease right-of-use assets 

Prepaid expenses 

Total deferred tax liabilities 

Net deferred tax (liabilities) assets 

The net deferred tax (liabilities) assets are recorded as non-current liabilities on September 30, 2021 and 2020. 
 Open Tax Returns, Deferred Tax Assets, and Net Operating Loss Carryforward 
 The Company files income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction and various states. . The amount of any tax assessments and penalties may be material and may negatively impact the Company s operations. Given the uncertainty in the amount and the difficulty in estimating the probability of the assessments arising from future tax examinations, the Company has not made any accruals for such tax contingencies. The Company recently completed an IRS audit with respect to its June 30, 2017 federal tax return. The impact was less than a million increase to the Company s federal NOL carryforwards. tax returns are currently under examination by any tax authorities. 
 
 As of September 30, 2021, the Company s deferred tax assets were primarily the result of U.S. net operating losses NOL carryforwards. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income during the periods in which those temporary differences become deductible. As of each reporting date, the Company s management considers new evidence, both positive and negative, that could impact management s assessment with regard to future realization of deferred tax assets. Based on the assessment, management believes it is more likely than not that certain deferred tax assets will not be fully realized. As a result, management established a valuation allowance against such deferred tax assets for the amount that will likely not be realized. 
 
 The Company recognizes interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions in income tax expense. As of September 30, 2021 and 2020, the Company does t have a liability for uncertain tax positions. Additionally, the Company does not anticipate that there will be a material change of unrecognized tax benefits within the next 12 months. 
 
 F-42 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 ALJ REGIONAL HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 YEARS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2021 AND 2020 
 million that begin expiring in . In addition, the use of this NOL in future years may be restricted under Section 382 of the IRC if there is a change of ownership. 

2023 

2024 

2025 

Thereafter 

Total 

The Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act (the CARES Act was enacted on March 27, 2020. The CARES Act, among other things, includes provisions relating to refundable payroll tax credits, deferment of employer side payroll tax, net operating loss carryback periods, alternative minimum tax credit refunds, and modifications to the net interest deduction limitations. On September 30, 2021, the Company had deferred payroll taxes of million, of which million was included with other current liabilities and million was included with other non-current liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheet. 
 
 ALJ did not record a provision for or benefit from income taxes for discontinued operations during the year ended September 30, 2021. ALJ recorded a provision for income taxes for discontinued operations of less than million during the year ended September 30, 2020. 
 million, mostly recorded in selling, general, and administrative expense. Faneuil recognized an insurance recovery receivable of million, included with other current assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheet on September 30, 2021, for amounts that are considered probable for recovery. Subsequent to September 30, 2021, Faneuil received total insurance proceeds of million. The remaining insurance proceeds are expected to be received before March 31, 2022. 
 
 Should Faneuil expect to receive additional insurance recoveries, above the million insurance recovery receivable on September 30, 2021, they will be recorded when considered probable for recovery. 

F-43 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 ALJ REGIONAL HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 YEARS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2021 AND 2020 
 
 reportable segments (Faneuil and Phoenix), together with a corporate group for certain support services. ALJ s operating segments are aligned on the basis of products, services, and industry. The Chief Operating Decision Maker CODM is ALJ s Chief Executive Officer. The CODM manages the business, allocates resources to, and assesses the performance of each operating segment using information about its net revenue and segment adjusted EBITDA. ALJ defines segment adjusted EBITDA as segment net income (loss) before depreciation and amortization expense, interest expense, litigation loss, recovery of litigation loss, restructuring and cost reduction initiatives, loan amendment expenses, fair value of warrants issued in connection with loan amendments, stock-based compensation, acquisition-related expenses, gain on disposal of assets, net, income taxes, loss on debt extinguishment, and other non-recurring items. Such amounts are detailed in our segment reconciliation below. The accounting policies for segment reporting are the same as for ALJ as a whole. 

Net revenue 

Segment adjusted EBITDA - 
 continuing operations 

Depreciation and amortization 

Interest expense, net 

Loss on debt extinguishment 

Change in fair value of 
 contingent consideration 

Bank fees accreted to term loans 

Acquisition/disposition-related expenses 

Restructuring and cost reduction 
 initiatives 

Security Event expenses 

Stock-based compensation 

Loan amendment expenses 

Gain on disposal of assets, net 

Provision for income taxes 

Net loss from continuing operations 

Net loss from discontinued 
 operations, net of income taxes 

Net loss 

F-44 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 ALJ REGIONAL HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 YEARS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2021 AND 2020 

Net revenue 

Segment adjusted EBITDA - 
 continuing operations 

Impairment of goodwill 

Depreciation and amortization 

Interest expense, net 

Restructuring and cost reduction 
 initiatives 

Change in fair value of 
 contingent consideration 

Fair value of warrants issued in 
 connection with loan 
 amendments 

Bank fees accreted to term loans 

Loan amendment expenses 

Stock-based compensation 

Acquisition/disposition-related expenses 

Interest from legal settlement 

Gain on disposal of assets 
 and other gain, net 

Recovery of litigation loss 

Benefit from income taxes 

Net loss from continuing operations 

Net loss from discontinued operations 

Net loss 

Geographic Information 
 
 Substantially all of the Company s assets were located in the United States. Substantially all of the Company s revenue was earned in the United States. 

F-45 
 
 Table of Contents 

Allowance for obsolete inventory 

Rebates payable 

Workers compensation reserve 

Year Ended September 30, 2020: 

Allowance for doubtful accounts 

Allowance for obsolete inventory 

Rebates payable 

Workers compensation reserve 

S-1 

<EX-10.13>
 2
 aljj-ex1013_552.htm
 EX-10.13

aljj-ex1013_552.htm

EXHIBIT 10.13 
 
 EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT 
 THIS EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT (this Agreement ), dated as of December 17, 2021, is entered into by and between Marc Reisch (the Executive and Phoenix Color Corp. (the Company ). 
 WHEREAS, the Executive and ALJ Regional Holdings, Inc. ALJJ are party to that certain Employment Agreement (the Prior Agreement ), dated November 6, 2020, pursuant to which the Executive performs certain services to the Company, which is the wholly owned subsidiary of ALJJ. 
 WHEREAS, effective upon the effectiveness of this Agreement, the Executive and ALJJ have agreed to terminate the Prior Agreement. 
 WHEREAS, the Company desires to continue to employ the Executive, and the Executive wishes to continue such employment with the Company according to the terms set forth in this Agreement. 
 ACCORDINGLY, the Company and the Executive agree as follows: 
 1. Employment, Duties and Acceptance . 
 1.1 Employment, Duties 
 . The Company hereby agrees to employ the Executive for the Term (as defined in Section 2) to render substantially full-time services to the Company as the Company s Chairman, or in such other executive position as may be mutually agreed upon by the Company and the Executive, provided that the Executive may serve on the board of directors for other for-profit and not-for-profit entities with notice to and consent of the Compensation, Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee of ALJJ (the CNCG Committee ), such consent not to be unreasonably withheld. 
 1.2 Acceptance 
 . The Executive hereby accepts such employment and agrees to render the services described above. During the Term, the Executive agrees to serve the Company faithfully and to the best of the Executive s ability and to use the Executive s best efforts, skill and ability to promote the Company s interests. 
 1.3 Location 
 . The duties to be performed by the Executive hereunder shall be performed at the offices of the Company, the Executive s home office and other such locations mutually agreed with the Company, subject to reasonable travel requirements on behalf of the Company. 
 2. Term of Employment. 
 The term of the Executive s employment under this Employment Agreement (the Term shall commence on the date hereof (the Effective Date ), and shall continue until September 30, 2023, subject to earlier termination pursuant to Section 4. 

3. Compensation; Benefits . 
 3.1 Salary 
 . As compensation for all services to be rendered pursuant to this Agreement as an employee during the Term, the Company agrees to continue to pay the Executive a base salary, payable in accordance with the Company s normal payroll practices, at the annual rate of two hundred thousand dollars 200,000) less such deductions or amounts to be withheld as required by applicable law and regulations (the Base Salary ). In the event that the CNCG Committee, in its sole discretion, from time to time determines to increase the Base Salary, such increased amount shall, from and after the effective date of the increase, constitute Base Salary for purposes of this Agreement. 
 3.2 Base Bonus 
 . Commencing with the fiscal year ending September 30, 2021, the Executive shall be paid a base bonus (the Base Bonus with respect to each fiscal year ending during the Term of two hundred thousand 200,000). 
 3.3 Incentive Compensation 
 . 
 In addition to the Base Bonus, the Executive shall be eligible to earn a bonus with respect to each fiscal year ending during the Term computed in accordance with the provisions hereafter (an Annual Bonus ). If the Pre-Bonus Earnings amount is less than or equal to twenty-seven million dollars 27,000,000), the Annual Bonus shall be equal to ten percent (10 of the positive difference (if any) between the Pre-Bonus Earnings amount for such fiscal year less the Bonus Threshold. If the Pre-Bonus Earnings amount is greater than twenty seven million dollars 27,000,000), the Annual Bonus shall be equal to the sum of (i) nine hundred and fifty thousand dollars 950,000) and (ii) five percent (5 of the positive difference between the Pre-Bonus Earnings amount for such fiscal year less twenty seven million dollars 27,000,000). By way of example, if Pre-Bonus Earnings for any fiscal year were (i) twenty million dollars 20,000,000), the Annual Bonus for such fiscal year shall be two hundred fifty thousand dollars 250,000) and combined with the Base Bonus, the total bonus would be four hundred and fifty thousand dollars 450,000). For the avoidance of doubt, the Annual Bonus for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2021 shall be seven hundred and forty thousand 740,000) and shall be paid on or before December 31, 2021. 
 The Pre-Bonus Earnings amount shall equal the EBITDA (as defined below) of the Company before any bonus amount owed to the Executive and the Company s Chief Operating Officer but after all other bonus amounts. The Bonus Threshold shall be seventeen million five hundred thousand dollars 17,500,000) and shall be subject to adjustment by the CNCG Committee from time to time in its discretion to account for material acquisitions or dispositions of any business or assets of or by the Company or its subsidiaries. 
 Subject to Section 4, each Base Bonus and Annual Bonus, if earned in accordance with this Agreement, shall be paid no later than the fifteenth day of the third month following the fiscal year with respect to which such bonus was earned; provided , that in the event of a Sale, a pro-rated portion of the Base Bonus and the Annual Bonus for the year in which the Sale occurs (but using, for purposes of the Annual Bonus, the trailing twelve month EBITDA as of the last day of the fiscal quarter preceding the fiscal quarter in which the Sale occurs) shall be paid to the Executive at the time and in the manner as the Sale Bonus described in Section 3.5 and the Company shall have no other obligation to pay the Executive a Base Bonus or Annual Bonus for the fiscal year in which the Sale occurs. 
 2 

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, if the Audit Committee of ALJJ or any other relevant committee or person, including the Chief Executive Officer of ALJJ, in its discretion after consultation with the Company s auditors, determines that any material restatement, revision or change to the Company s financial statements requires a change in the calculation of EBITDA for any particular fiscal year of the Company, the CNCG Committee may require reimbursement from the Executive of any excess Annual Bonus paid to the Executive as a result of the recalculated EBITDA for such particular fiscal year of the Company. 
 Except as otherwise set forth herein, for the purposes of this Agreement, EBITDA means for any fiscal year of the Company, consolidated operating income for such fiscal year of the Company plus, without duplication and to the extent reflected as a charge in the statement of such operating income for such fiscal year, the sum of (i) depreciation and amortization expense (excluding amounts of prepaid incentives under customer contracts), (ii) any extraordinary non-cash expenses or losses, (iii) all restructuring costs (as defined under U.S. generally accepted accounting principles GAAP )), (iv) fees paid to the Company s external advisors in connection with acquisitions for the business (whether or not consummated) and (v) effects of changes in accounting policy and GAAP, in the case of clauses (i) through (iii) above, solely with respect to the Company, and minus without duplication and to the extent included in the statement of such operating income for such period, the sum of (a) any extraordinary or nonrecurring non-cash income or gains (including, whether or not otherwise includable as a separate item in the statement of such operating income for such period, gains on the sales of assets outside of the ordinary course of business), (b) effects of changes in accounting policy and GAAP, and (c) any cash payments made during such period in respect of items described in clause (ii) above subsequent to the fiscal quarter in which the relevant non-cash expenses or losses were reflected as a charge in the statement of operating income, in the case of clauses (a) through (c) above, solely with respect to the Company, all of the foregoing to be determined by the CNCG Committee or any other relevant committee or person, including the Chief Executive Officer of ALJJ. 
 3.4 Retention Bonus . The Executive shall be eligible to earn a retention bonus in the amount of five million dollars 5,000,000) (the Retention Bonus ). 
 3.4.1 Twenty (20 percent of the Retention Bonus shall vest and become payable on December 15, 2021, provided , that, subject to Section 4 below, the Executive has remained continuously employed with the Company (or one of its affiliates) until December 15, 2021. 
 3.4.2 Forty (40 percent of the Retention Bonus shall vest and become payable on September 15, 2022, provided , that, subject to Section 4 below, the Executive has remained continuously employed with the Company (or one of its affiliates) until September 15, 2022. 
 3.4.3 Forty (40 percent of the Retention Bonus shall vest and become payable on September 15, 2023, provided , that, subject to Section 4 below, the Executive has remained continuously employed with the Company (or one of its affiliates) until September 15, 2023. 
 Subject to Section 4, each installment of the Retention Bonus shall be paid to the Executive in a lump sum on the first payroll period following the applicable vesting date. 
 3 

3.5 Sale Bonus . If the Company is acquired, merges, or sells all or substantially all of its assets during the Term (each a Sale ), the Executive shall be paid a bonus (the Sale Bonus ), equal to five percent (5 of the net sale price less Eighty-Five Million Dollars 85,000,000) . Subject to Section 4, t he Sale Bonus shall be paid to the Executive in a lump sum on the first payroll period following the closing of the Sale . 
 3.6 Business Expenses 
 . The Company shall pay or reimburse the Executive for all reasonable expenses actually incurred or paid by the Executive during the Term in the performance of the Executive s services under this Agreement, upon presentation of expense statements or vouchers or such other supporting information as the Company customarily may require of its officers within sixty (60) days after such expenses have been incurred by the Executive; provided , however , that the maximum amount available for such expenses during any period may be fixed in advance by the CNCG Committee. 
 3.7 Paid Time Off 
 . During the Term, the Executive shall be entitled to Paid Time Off in accordance with the Paid Time Off policy of the Company during each year of the Term. 
 3.8 Benefits 
 . During the Term, the Executive shall be entitled to all benefits for which the Executive shall be eligible under any 401(k) plan, group insurance or other health and welfare benefit plans as well as all benefits which the Company provides to its executive employees generally, which benefits may be amended, modified or terminated in the Company s discretion. In addition, during the Term, the Company shall pay the premiums for the Executive s key man life insurance policy (the Key Man Insurance provided , that (i) the Company shall be the sole beneficiary of the Key Man Insurance, and (ii) neither the Executive nor the heirs or personal representatives of the Executive shall have any interest in or to any proceeds associated with such policy. For avoidance of doubt, the Executive will not be entitled to an automobile allowance. 
 4. Termination. 
 4.1 Death 
 . If the Executive dies during the Term, the Agreement shall terminate forthwith upon the Executive s death. The Company shall pay to the Executive s estate: (i) any Base Salary earned but not paid, (ii) any unpaid portion of the Retention Bonus (including any portion that had not yet vested as of the date of the Executive s death), (iii) a Base Bonus and an Annual Bonus for the fiscal year prior to the fiscal year in which the Executive dies if at the time of death the Executive has otherwise earned a Base Bonus and an Annual Bonus payment for such prior fiscal year and has not yet been paid such Base Bonus and Annual Bonus, which prior fiscal year Base Bonus and Annual Bonus will be paid at the time and in the manner such prior fiscal year Base Bonus and Annual Bonus would have been paid to the Executive had he continued to work for the Company and (iv) a pro-rated portion (based on the number of days the Executive was employed by the Company during the fiscal year in which the Executive dies) of the Base Bonus and Annual Bonus that the Executive would have earned had the Executive remained employed through the end of the fiscal year in which the Executive s death occurs, which Base Bonus and Annual Bonus will be paid at the time and in the manner such Base Bonus and Annual Bonus would have been paid to the Executive had he continued to work for the Company. The Executive shall have no further rights to any compensation (including any Base Salary, Base Bonus, Annual Bonus or Sale Bonus) or any other benefits under this Agreement, except to the extent already earned and vested as of the day immediately 
 4 

prior to his death, or as earned, vested, or accrued by virtue of his death. For the avoidance of doubt, in the event the Executive s death is following a Sale but prior to payment of the Sale Bonus, the Sale Bonus shall be paid to the Executive s estate. 
 4.2 Disability 
 . If, during the Term the Executive is unable to perform his duties hereunder due to a physical or mental incapacity for a period of six (6) months within any 12-month period (hereinafter a Disability ), the Company shall have the right at any time thereafter to terminate the Agreement upon sending written notice of termination to the Executive. If the Company elects to terminate the Agreement by reason of Disability, the Company shall pay to the Executive promptly after the notice of termination: (i) any Base Salary earned but not paid, (ii) any unpaid portion of the Retention Bonus (including any portion that had not yet vested as of the date of the Executive s termination), (iii) a Base Bonus and an Annual Bonus for the fiscal year prior to the fiscal year in which the Executive is terminated if at the time of termination the Executive has otherwise earned a Base Bonus and an Annual Bonus payment for such prior fiscal year and has not yet been paid such Base Bonus and Annual Bonus, which prior fiscal year Base Bonus and Annual Bonus will be paid at the time and in the manner such prior fiscal year Base Bonus and Annual Bonus would have been paid to the Executive had he not been terminated and (iv) a pro-rated portion (based on the number of days the Executive was employed by the Company during the fiscal year in which the Executive is terminated) of the Base Bonus and Annual Bonus that the Executive would have earned had the Executive remained employed through the end of the fiscal year in which the termination occurs, which Base Bonus and Annual Bonus will be paid at the time and in the manner such Base Bonus and Annual Bonus would have been paid to the Executive had he continued to work for the Company, in each case less any other benefits payable to the Executive under any disability plan provided for hereunder or otherwise furnished to the Executive by the Company. The Executive shall have no further rights to any compensation (including any Base Salary, Base Bonus, Annual Bonus or Sale Bonus) or any other benefits under this Agreement except to the extent already earned and vested as of the day immediately prior to his termination by reason of Disability, or as earned, vested, or accrued by virtue of his Disability. For the avoidance of doubt, in the event the Executive s employment is terminated due to Disability following a Sale but prior to payment of the Sale Bonus, the Sale Bonus shall remain payable to the Executive. 
 4.3 Cause 
 . The Company may at any time by written notice to the Executive terminate the Agreement for Cause (as defined below) and, upon such termination, this Agreement shall terminate and the Executive shall be entitled to receive no further amounts or benefits hereunder, except for any Base Salary earned but not paid prior to such termination. For the purposes of this Agreement, Cause means: (i) continued neglect by the Executive of the Executive s duties hereunder, (ii) continued incompetence or unsatisfactory attendance, (iii) conviction of any felony, (iv) violation of the rules, regulations, procedures or instructions relating to the conduct of employees, directors, officers and/or consultants of the Company, (v) willful misconduct by the Executive in connection with the performance of any material portion of the Executive s duties hereunder, (vi) breach of fiduciary obligation owed to the Company or commission of any act of fraud, embezzlement, disloyalty or defalcation, or usurpation of a Company opportunity, (vii) breach of any provision of this Agreement, including any non-competition, non-solicitation and/or confidentiality provisions hereof, (viii) any act that has a material adverse effect upon the reputation of and/or the public confidence in the Company, (ix) failure to comply with a reasonable order, policy or rule that constitutes material insubordination, (x) engaging in any discriminatory or sexually harassing behavior, or (xi) using, possessing or 
 5 

being impaired by or under the influence of illegal drugs or the abuse of controlled substances or alcohol on the premises of the Company or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates or while working or representing the Company or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates . A termination for Cause by the Company or any or the events described in clauses (i), (ii), (iv), (ix), (x) and (xi) shall only be effective on thirty (30) days advance written notification, providing Executive the opportunity to cure, if reasonably capable of cure within said thirty (30) day period; provided, however, that no such notification is required if the Cause event is not reasonably capable of cure or the Company determines to effect a termination of the Executive for Cause immediately. 
 4.4 Termination by Company without Cause or by the Executive for Good Reason 
 . If the Executive s employment is terminated prior to the end of the Term by the Company without Cause (other than by reason of death or Disability) or by the Executive for Good Reason (as defined below), the Executive shall receive (i) any Base Salary earned but not paid, (ii) any unpaid portion of the Retention Bonus (including any portion that had not yet vested as of the date of the Executive s termination), (iii) a Base Bonus and an Annual Bonus for the fiscal year prior to the fiscal year in which the Executive is terminated if at the time of termination the Executive has otherwise earned a Base Bonus and an Annual Bonus payment for such prior fiscal year and has not yet been paid such Base Bonus and Annual Bonus, which prior fiscal year Base Bonus and Annual Bonus will be paid at the time and in the manner such prior fiscal year Base Bonus and Annual Bonus would have been paid to the Executive had he not been terminated and (iv) a pro-rated portion (based on the number of days the Executive was employed by the Company during the fiscal year in which the Executive is terminated) of the Base Bonus and Annual Bonus that the Executive would have earned had the Executive remained employed through the end of the fiscal year in which the termination occurs, which Base Bonus and Annual Bonus will be paid at the time and in the manner such Base Bonus and Annual Bonus would have been paid to the Executive had he continued to work for the Company. The Executive shall have no further rights to any compensation (including any Base Salary, Base Bonus, Annual Bonus or Sale Bonus) or any other benefits under this Agreement except to the extent already earned and vested as of the day immediately prior to his termination pursuant to this Section 4.4, or as earned, vested, or accrued by virtue of this Section 4.4. For purposes of this Agreement, Good Reason means, without the advance written consent of the Executive: (i) a reduction in Base Salary, Base Bonus, Annual Bonus, Retention Bonus or Sale Bonus as contemplated by Sections 3.1, 3.2, 3.3, 3.4 and 3.5 hereof or (ii) a material reduction in the Executive s title and/or responsibilities, provided , that a change in reporting responsibilities or a reduction in responsibilities that occurs solely by virtue of the Company being acquired and made part of a larger entity shall not by itself constitute Good Reason and further provided , that a termination by the Executive for Good Reason shall be effective only if the Executive provides the Company with written notice specifying the event which constitutes Good Reason within thirty (30) days following the occurrence of such event or date Executive became aware or should have become aware of such event and the Company fails to cure the circumstances giving rise to Good Reason within thirty (30) days after such notice. For the avoidance of doubt, in the event the Executive s termination pursuant to this Section 4.4 is following a Sale but prior to payment of the Sale Bonus, the Sale Bonus shall remain payable to the Executive. 
 4.5 Termination by Executive other than for Good Reason 
 . The Executive is required to provide the Company with thirty (30) days prior written notice of termination to the Company. Subject to Section 4.4, upon termination of employment by the Executive, the Executive shall receive any Base Salary earned but not paid prior to such termination and shall 
 6 

have no further rights to any compensation (including any Base Salary , Base Bonus, Annual Bonus or Sale Bonus or any other benefits under this Agreement, except to the extent already earned and vested as of the day immediately prior to such termination. For the avoidance of doubt, in the event the Executive s termination pursuant to this Section 4.5 is following a Sale but prior to payment of the Sale Bonus, the Sale Bonus shall remain payable to the Executive. 
 4.6 Release 
 . Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement to the contrary, the Executive acknowledges and agrees that any and all payments, other than payment of any accrued and unpaid Base Salary to which the Executive (or his estate) is entitled under this Section 4 are conditioned upon and subject to the Executive s (or his estate s) execution of a general waiver and release (for the avoidance of doubt, the restrictive covenants contained in Section 5 of this Agreement shall survive the termination of this Agreement), in such form as may be prepared by the Company, except for such matters covered by provisions of this Agreement which expressly survive the termination of this Agreement. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, the severance payments and benefits are conditioned on the Executive s (or his estate s) execution, delivery and nonrevocation of the general waiver and release of claims (the Release Condition within fifty-five (55) days following the Executive s date of separation from service (as defined in Treas. Reg. 1.409A-1(h)) Separation from Service Date ). Payments and benefits due under this agreement (other than bonuses which will be paid at the time and in the manner otherwise provided in this Agreement), shall commence sixty (60) days after the Executive s Separation from Service Date. However, if Executive is a specified employee (within the meaning of Section 409A and as determined by the Company) (a Specified Employee ), any payment or benefit under this Agreement, or under any plan or arrangement of the Company or its affiliates, that constitutes a deferral of compensation subject to Section 409A, and that if paid during the six (6) months beginning on the Separation from Service Date would be subject to the Section 409A additional tax because the Executive is a Specified Employee, will not be paid or provided to the Executive until the earlier of (i) the first day following the six (6)-month anniversary of the Executive s Separation from Service Date, or (ii) death. No payments or benefits will be due or payable under this Agreement unless the Release Condition is timely met. 
 4.7 Disposition of Stock in Event of Termination 
 . In the event Executive s employment is terminated pursuant to this Section 4, ALJJ agrees to use its reasonable efforts to assist the Executive in the disposition of Executive s holdings of the common stock of ALJJ, including, but not limited to, facilitating block trades and authorizing the removal of restrictive legends; provided, however, that in no event shall ALJJ be obligated to purchase any of Executive s holdings of the common stock of ALJJ. 
 4.8 Section 409A . 
 4.8.1 This Agreement is intended to satisfy the requirements of Section 409A of the Code and the regulations and other guidance thereunder Section 409A with respect to amounts, if any, subject thereto and shall be interpreted and construed and shall be performed by the parties consistent with such intent. If either party notifies the other in writing that one or more or the provisions of this Agreement contravenes any Treasury Regulations or guidance promulgated under Section 409A or causes any amounts to be subject to interest, additional tax or penalties under Section 409A, the parties shall agree to negotiate in good faith to make amendments to this Agreement as the parties mutually agree, reasonably and in good faith are necessary or desirable, to (i) maintain to the maximum extent reasonably 
 7 

practicable the original intent of the applicable provisions without violating the provisions of Section 409A or increasing the costs to the Company of providing the applicable benefit or payment and (ii) to the extent possible, to avoid the imposition of any interest, additional tax or other penalties under Section 409A upon the parties, provided that, notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company makes no representation that amounts payable under this Agreement will comply with Section 409A and makes no undertaking to prevent Section 409A from applying to any amounts paid under this Agreement. 
 4.8.2 Any payment or benefit due upon a termination of the Executive s employment that represents a deferral of compensation within the meaning of Section 409A shall be paid or provided to the Executive only upon a separation from service as deemed in Treas. Reg. 1.409A-1(h). The Executive s right to receive any installment payments under this Agreement shall be treated as a right to receive a series of separate payments 
 4.8.3 and, accordingly, each installment payment shall at all times be considered a separate and distinct payment as permitted under Section 409A. Amounts payable under this Agreement shall be deemed not to be a deferral of compensation subject to Section 409A to the extent provided in the exceptions in Treasury Regulation 1.409A-1(b)(4) short-term deferrals and (b)(9) separation pay plans, including the exception under subparagraph (iii)) and other applicable provisions of Treasury Regulation 1.409A-1 through A-6. 
 4.8.4 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Agreement, any payment or benefit under this Agreement or otherwise that is exempt from Section 409A pursuant to Treasury Regulation 1.409A- I (b)(9)(v)(A) or (C) (relating to certain reimbursements and in-kind benefits) shall be paid or provided to the Executive only to the extent that the expenses are not incurred, or the benefits are not provided, beyond the last day of the second calendar year following the calendar year in which the Executive s separation from service occurs; and provided further that such expenses are reimbursed no later than the last day of the third calendar year following the calendar year in which the Executive s separation from service occurs. To the extent any expense reimbursement or the provision of any in-kind benefit is determined to be subject to Section 409A (and not exempt pursuant to the prior sentence or otherwise) the amount of any such expenses eligible for reimbursement, or the provision of any in-kind benefit, in one calendar year shall not affect provision of in-kind benefits or expenses eligible for reimbursement in any other calendar year (except for any lifetime or other aggregate limitation applicable to medical expenses), and in no event shall any expenses be reimbursed after the last day of the calendar year following the calendar year in which the Executive incurred such expenses, and in no event shall any right to reimbursement or the provision or any in-kind benefit be subject to liquidation or exchange for another benefit. 
 5. Protection to Confidential Information; Restrictive Covenants . 
 5.1 In view of the fact that the Executive s work for the Company will bring the Executive into close contact with many confidential affairs of the Company not readily available to the public, trade secret information and plans for future developments, the Executive agrees: 
 5.1.1 To keep and retain in the strictest confidence all confidential matters of the Company, including, without limitation, know how, trade secrets, customer lists, pricing policies, operational methods, technical processes, formulae, inventions and research 
 8 

projects, other business affairs of the Company, and any material confidential information whatsoever concerning any director, officer, employee, shareholder, partner, customer or agent of the Company or their respective family members learned by the Executive heretofore or hereafter, and not to disclose them to anyone outside of the Company, either during or after the Executive s employment with the Company, except in the course or performing the Executive s duties hereunder or with the Company s express written consent . The foregoing prohibitions shall include, without limitation, directly or indirectly publishing (or causing, participating in, assisting or providing any statement, opinion or information in connection with the publication of) any diary, memoir, letter, story, photograph, interview, article, essay, account or description (whether fictionalized or not) concerning any of the foregoing, publication being deemed to include any presentation or reproduction of any written, verbal or visual material in any communication medium, including any book, magazine, newspaper, theatrical production or movie, or television or radio programming or commercial; and 
 5.1.2 To deliver promptly to the Company on termination of the Executive s employment by the Company, or at any time the Company may so request, all memoranda, notes, records, reports, manuals, drawings, blueprints and other documents (and all copies thereof), including data stored in computer memories or on other media used for electronic storage or retrieval, relating to the Company s business and all property associated therewith, which the Executive may then possess or have under the Executive s control, and not retain any copies, notes or summaries; provided the Executive shall be entitled to keep a copy or this Agreement and compensation and benefit plans to which Executive is entitled to receive benefits thereunder. 
 5.2 In support of the Executive s commitments to maintain the confidentiality of the Company s confidential and trade secret information, (i) during the Term and (ii) for the longer of (x) any period the Executive is receiving any benefits contemplated under Section 3.7 hereof or (y) one year following the termination of the Executive s employment or provision of services contemplated in (i) above (the Restricted Period ), the Executive shall not in the United States and in any non-US jurisdiction where the Company may then do business: (a) directly or indirectly, enter the employ of, or render any services to, any person, firm or entity engaged in any business competitive with any business of the Company or of any of its subsidiaries or affiliates, (b) engage in such business on the Executive s own account, and the Executive shall not become interested in any such business, directly or indirectly, as an individual, partner, shareholder, director, officer, principal, agent, employee, trustee, consultant, or in any other relationship or capacity (c) directly or indirectly, solicit or encourage (or cause to be solicited or encouraged) or cause any client, customer or supplier of the Company to cease doing business with the Company, or to reduce the amount of business such client, customer or supplier does with the Company, or (d) directly or indirectly, solicit or encourage (or cause to be solicited or encouraged) to cease to work with the Company, or hire (or cause to be hired), any person who is an employee of or consultant then under contract with the Company or who was an employee of or consultant then under contract with the Company within the six (6)-month period preceding such activity without the Company s written consent, provided, however, that this clause (d) shall not apply during the Restricted Period to a consulting or advisory firm which is also then currently engaged or under a retainer relationship (in each case, without any action by the Executive, whether directly or indirectly) by a subsequent employer of the Executive. For the avoidance of doubt, in the event of termination of Executive s employment in accordance 
 9 

with Sections 4.1, 4.3 and 4.5 hereof, the Executive shall not be bound by the obligations of this Section 5.2 . 
 5.3 If the Executive commits a breach, or poses a serious and objective threat to commit a breach, of any of the provisions of Sections 5.1 or 5.2 hereof, the Company shall have the following rights and remedies: 
 5.3.1 The right and remedy to have the provisions of this Agreement specifically enforced by any court having equity jurisdiction, it being acknowledged and agreed that any such breach or threatened breach will cause irreparable injury to the Company and that money damages will not provide an adequate remedy to the Company; 
 5.3.2 The right and remedy to require the Executive to account for and pay over to the Company all compensation, profits, monies, accruals, increments or other benefits derived or received by the Executive as the result of any transactions constituting a breach of any of the provisions of the preceding paragraph, and the Executive hereby agrees to account for and pay over such benefits to the Company. Each of the rights and remedies enumerated above shall be independent of the other, and shall be severally enforceable, and all of such rights and remedies shall be in addition to, and not in lieu of, any other rights and remedies available to the Company under law or in equity; and 
 5.3.3 In addition to any other remedy which may be available (i) at law or in equity, or (ii) pursuant to any other provision of this Agreement, any payments or benefits provided by the Company pursuant to Section 4 will cease as of the date on which such violation first occurs. In addition, if the Executive breaches any of the covenants contained in Sections 5.1 and 5.2 and the Company obtains injunctive relief with respect thereto (that is not later reversed or otherwise terminated or vacated by judicial order), the period during which the Executive is required to comply with that particular covenant shall be extended by the same period that the Executive was in breach of such covenant prior to the effective date of such injunctive relief. 
 5.4 If any of the covenants contained in Sections 5.1 or 5.2, or any part thereof, hereafter are held by a court to be invalid or unenforceable, the same shall not affect the remainder of the covenant or covenants, which shall be given full effect, without regard to those portions found invalid. 
 5.5 If any of the covenants contained in Sections 5.1 or 5.2, or any part thereof, are held to be unenforceable because of the duration of such provision or the area covered thereby, the parties agree that the court making such determination shall have the power to reduce the duration and/or area of such provision and, in its reduced form, said provision shall then be enforceable. 
 5.6 Each of the Company (including its affiliates or the officers, directors, managers, customers, partners, or shareholders of the Company or its affiliates, the Company Group and the Executive agrees (whether during or after the Executive s employment with the Company) not to issue, circulate, publish or utter any false or disparaging statements, remarks or rumors about the Executive or the Company Group, respectively, provided that nothing herein shall prohibit either the Company Group or the Executive from providing truthful testimony if such testimony is required by law. 
 10 

5.7 For purposes of this Section 5 only, the term Company includes the Company and its subsidiaries and affiliates. 
 6. Inventions and Patents. 
 6.1 The Executive agrees that all processes, technologies and inventions (collectively, Inventions ), including new contributions, improvements, ideas and discoveries, whether patentable or not, conceived, developed, invented or made by him during the Term shall belong to the Company, provided that such Inventions grew out of the Executive s work with the Company or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates, are related in any manner to the business (commercial or experimental) of the Company or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates or are conceived or made on the Company s time or with the use of the Company s facilities or materials. The Executive shall further: (i) promptly disclose such Inventions to the Company, (ii) assign to the Company, without additional compensation, all patent and other rights to such Inventions for the United States and foreign countries, (iii) sign all papers necessary to carry out the foregoing, and (iv) give testimony in support of the Executive s inventorship. 
 6.2 If any Invention is described in a patent application or is disclosed to third parties, directly or indirectly, by the Executive within two years after the termination of the Executive s employment by the Company, it is to be presumed that the Invention was conceived or made during the Term. 
 6.3 The Executive agrees that the Executive will not assert any rights to any Invention as having been made or acquired by the Executive prior to the date of this Agreement, except for Inventions, if any, disclosed to the Company in writing prior to the date hereof. 
 7. Intellectual Property . 
 Following the Effective Date, the Company shall be the sole owner of all the products and proceeds of the Executive s services hereunder, including, but not limited to, all materials, ideas, concepts, formats, suggestions, developments, arrangements, packages, programs and other intellectual properties that the Executive may acquire, obtain, develop or create in connection with and during the Term, free and clear of any claims by the Executive (or anyone claiming under the Executive) of any kind or character whatsoever (other than the Executive s right to receive payments hereunder). The Executive shall, at the request of the Company, execute such assignments, certificates or other instruments as the Company may from time to time deem necessary or desirable to evidence, establish, maintain, perfect, protect, enforce or defend its right, title or interest in or to any such properties. 
 8. Notices . 
 All notices, requests, consents and other communications required or permitted to be given hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given if delivered personally, sent by overnight courier or mailed first class, postage prepaid, by registered or certified mail (notices mailed shall be deemed to have been given on the date mailed), as follows (or to such other address as either party shall designate by notice in writing to the other in accordance herewith): 
 11 

If to the Company, to : Phoenix Color Corp. Attn : Chief Financial Officer 18249 Phoenix Drive Hagerstown, MD 21742 
 With a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to: Shearman Sterling LLP 1460 El Camino Real, 2nd Floor Menlo Park, CA 94025 Attn.: Christopher M. Forrester 
 If to the Executive, to: 
 Such address as shall most currently appear on the records of the Company. 
 9. Governing Law; Dispute Resolution . 
 9.1 It is the intent of the parties hereto that all questions with respect to the construction of this Agreement and the rights and liabilities of the parties hereunder shall be determined in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to principles of conflicts of laws thereof that would call for the application of the substantive law of any jurisdiction other than the State of Delaware. 
 9.2 Each party irrevocably agrees for the exclusive benefit of the other that any and all suits, actions or proceedings relating to Sections 5, 6 or 7 of this Agreement (a Proceeding shall be maintained in either the courts of the State of Delaware or the federal District Courts sitting in Wilmington, Delaware (collectively, the Chosen Courts ), and that the Chosen Courts shall have exclusive jurisdiction to hear and determine or settle any such Proceeding and that any such Proceedings shall only be brought in the Chosen Courts. Each party irrevocably waives any objection that it may have now or hereafter to the laying of the venue of any Proceedings in the Chosen Courts and any claim that any Proceedings have been brought in an inconvenient forum and further irrevocably agrees that a judgment in any Proceeding brought in the Chosen Courts shall be conclusive and binding upon it and may be enforced in the courts of any other jurisdiction. 
 Each of the parties hereto agrees that this Agreement involves at least 100,000 and that this Agreement has been entered into in express reliance on Section 2708 of Title 6 of the Delaware Code. Each of the parties hereto irrevocably and unconditionally agrees (i) that, to the extent such party is not otherwise subject to service of process in the State of Delaware, it will appoint (and maintain an agreement with respect to) an agent in the State of Delaware as such party s agent for acceptance of legal process and notify the other parties hereto of the name and address of said agent, (ii) that service of process may also be made on such party by prepaid certified mail with a validated proof of mailing receipt constituting evidence of valid service sent to such party at the address set forth in Section 8 of this Agreement, as such address may be changed from time to time pursuant hereto, and (iii) that service made pursuant to clause (i) or (ii) above shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, have the same legal force and effect as if served upon such party personally within the State of Delaware. 
 12 

9.3 Any controversy or claim arising out of or related to any other provision of this Agreement shall be settled by final, binding and non-appealable arbitration in Wilmington, Delaware by a single arbitrator . Subject to the following provisions, the arbitration shall be conducted in accordance with the applicable rules of JAMS then in effect . Any award entered by the arbitrator shall be final, binding and nonappealable and judgment may be entered thereon by either party in accordance with applicable law in any court of competent jurisdiction . This arbitration provision shall be specifically enforceable . The arbitrator shall have no authority to modify any provision of this Agreement or to award a remedy for a dispute involving this Agreement other than a benefit specifically provided under or by virtue of the Agreement . Each party shall be responsible for its own expenses relating to the conduct of the arbitration or litigation (including reasonable attorneys fees and expenses) and shall share the fees of JAMS and the arbitrator, if applicable, equally. 
 10. General . 
 10.1 JURY TRIAL WAIVER 
 . THE PARTIES EXPRESSLY AND KNOWINGLY WAIVE ANY RIGHT TO A JURY TRIAL IN THE EVENT ANY ACTION ARISING UNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT OR THE EXECUTIVE S EMPLOYMENT WITH THE COMPANY IS LITIGATED OR HEARD IN ANY COURT. 
 10.2 Headings 
 . The section headings contained herein are for reference purposes only and shall not in any way affect the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement. 
 10.3 Entire Agreement 
 . This Agreement sets forth the entire agreement and understanding of the parties relating to the Executive s employment by the Company, and supersedes all prior agreements, arrangements and understandings, written or oral, relating to the Executive s employment by the Company and its affiliates, including, without limitation, the Prior Agreement, and any severance, retention, change in control or similar types of benefits. No representation, promise or inducement has been made by either party that is not embodied in this Agreement, and neither party shall be bound by or liable for any alleged representation, promise or inducement not so set forth. 
 10.4 Assignment 
 . This Agreement, and the Executive s rights and obligations hereunder, may not be assigned by the Executive. The Company may assign its rights, together with its obligations, hereunder (i) to any affiliate or (ii) to third parties in connection with any sale, transfer or other disposition of all or substantially all of the business or assets of the Company; in any event the obligations of the Company hereunder shall be binding on its successors or assigns, whether by merger, consolidation or acquisition of all or substantially all of its business or assets. 
 10.5 Waiver 
 . This Agreement may be amended, modified, superseded, cancelled, renewed or extended and the terms or covenants hereof may be waived, only by a written instrument executed by all of the parties hereto, or in the case of a waiver, by the party waiving compliance. The failure of either party at any time or times to require performance of any provision hereof shall in no manner affect the right at a later time to enforce the same. No waiver by either party of the breach of any term or covenant contained in this Agreement, whether by conduct or otherwise, in any one or more instances, shall be deemed to be, or 
 13 

construed as, a further or continuing waiver of any such breach, or a waiver or the breach or any other term or covenant contained in this Agreement. 
 10.6 Withholding Taxes 
 . The Company may withhold from any amounts payable under this Agreement such federal, state, local and other taxes as may be required to be withheld pursuant to any applicable law or regulation. 
 11. Subsidiaries and Affiliates . 
 11.1 As used herein, the term subsidiary shall mean any corporation or other business entity controlled directly or indirectly by the corporation or other business entity in question, and the term affiliate shall mean and include any corporation or other business entity directly or indirectly controlling, controlled by or under common control with the corporation or other business entity in question. 

14 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement as of the date first above written. 
 EXECUTIVE 
 By: /s/ Marc Reisch Marc Reisch 
 PHOENIX COLOR CORP. 
 By: /s/ Brian Keck Name: Brian Keck Title: Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-10.13>

<EX-21.1>
 3
 aljj-ex211_21.htm
 EX-21.1

aljj-ex211_21.htm

Exhibit 21.1 
 LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES 

Name 

State of Organization or Incorporation 

Faneuil, Inc. 

Delaware 

Phoenix Color Corp 

Delaware 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 aljj-ex231_20.htm
 EX-23.1

aljj-ex231_20.htm

Exhibit 23.1 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statement Nos. 333-219359 and 333-220944 on Form S-3, and Registration Statement No. 333-213254 on Form S-8 of our report dated December 20, 2021, relating to the financial statements of ALJ Regional Holdings, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company ), appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2021. 
 /s/ Deloitte Touche LLP 
 Jericho, New York 
 December 20, 2021 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 aljj-ex311_19.htm
 EX-31.1

aljj-ex311_19.htm

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 
 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Jess Ravich , hereby certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of ALJ Regional Holdings, Inc.; 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: December 20, 2021 

/s/ Jess Ravich 

Jess Ravich 

Executive Chairman 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 aljj-ex312_18.htm
 EX-31.2

aljj-ex312_18.htm

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 
 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Brian Hartman, hereby certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed the Annual Report on Form 10-K of ALJ Regional Holdings, Inc.; 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: December 20, 2021 

/s/ Brian Hartman 

Brian Hartman 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 aljj-ex321_17.htm
 EX-32.1

aljj-ex321_17.htm

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF 
 CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of ALJ Regional Holdings, Inc. (the Company for the period ended September 30, 2021 (the Report ), the undersigned hereby certify in their capacities as Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, respectively, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Dated: December 20, 2021 
 
 By: 
 
 /s/ Jess Ravich 

Jess Ravich 

Executive Chairman 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

Dated: December 20, 2021 
 
 By: 
 
 /s/ Brian Hartman 

Brian Hartman 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signatures that appear in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 aljj-20210930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 aljj-20210930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 aljj-20210930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 aljj-20210930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 aljj-20210930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

