<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20211217_10-K_edgar_data_1772921_0001140361-21-042274.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>11609636</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>414719</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1737414</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3592115</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2939388</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2409680</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001140361-21-042274.hdr.sgml : 20211217
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20211217172354
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001140361-21-042274
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		100
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20210930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20211217
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20211217

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			OneWater Marine Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001772921
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RETAIL-AUTO & HOME SUPPLY STORES [5531]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0930

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39213
		FILM NUMBER:		211502741

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6275 LANIER ISLANDS PARKWAY
		CITY:			BUFORD
		STATE:			GA
		ZIP:			30518
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(855) 208-4359

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6275 LANIER ISLANDS PARKWAY
		CITY:			BUFORD
		STATE:			GA
		ZIP:			30518

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001140361-21-042274.txt : 20211217

10-K
 1
 brhc10031703_10k.htm
 10-K

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 

(Mark One)

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For the fiscal year ended 

OR

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For the transition period from ___________ to __________

Commission File Number 

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter)

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization)

(I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)

, 

(Address of principal executive offices)

(Zip Code)

Registrant s telephone number, including area code: ) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act:

Title of Each Class

Trading Symbol(s)

Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period
 that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 
 No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding
 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large
 accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.

Large accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to
 Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the
 Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes 
 No 

The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant, based on the closing price of the shares of common shares on The Nasdaq Stock Market on March 31, 2021,
 was .

The registrant had shares of Class A common stock, par value 0.01 per share, and shares of Class B common stock, par value 0.01 per share, outstanding as of December 3, 2021.

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE

Portions of the registrant s Definitive Proxy Statement relating to the 2022 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, to be filed within 120 days of the Registrant s fiscal year ended September 30, 2021, are incorporated by
 reference into Part III of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

TABLE OF CONTENTS

PART I 

3

Item 1.

Business. 

3

Item 1A.

Risk Factors. 

17 

Item 1B.

Unresolved Staff Comments. 

47 

Item 2.

Properties. 

47 

Item 3.

Legal Proceedings. 

48 

Item 4.

Mine Safety Disclosures. 

48 

PART II 

49 

Item 5.

Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 

49 

Item 6.

Selected Financial Data. 

50 

Item 7.

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

50 

Item 7A.

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 

74 

Item 8.

Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 

75

Item 9.

Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 

108 

Item 9A.

Controls and Procedures. 

108 

Item 9B.

Other Information. 

109 

PART III 

110 

Item 10.

Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 

110 

Item 11.

Executive Compensation. 

110 

Item 12.

Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 

110 

Item 13.

Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 

110 

Item 14.

Principal Accounting Fees and Services. 

110 

PART IV 

111 

Item 15.

Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules. 

111 

Item 16.

Form 10-K Summary 

115 

i 

Table of Contents 

SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

The information in this Form 10-K includes forward-looking statements. All statements, other than statements of historical fact included in this Form 10-K, regarding our strategy, future operations, financial
 position, estimated revenues and losses, projected costs, prospects, plans and objectives of management are forward-looking statements. When used in this Form 10-K, the words could, believe, anticipate, intend, estimate, expect, 
 project and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements, although not all forward-looking statements contain such identifying words. These forward-looking statements are based on our current expectations and
 assumptions about future events and are based on currently available information as to the outcome and timing of future events. When considering forward-looking statements, you should keep in mind the risk factors and other cautionary
 statements described under the heading Risk Factors, Business, and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations included in this Form 10-K. These forward-looking statements are based on
 management s current belief, based on currently available information, as to the outcome and timing of future events.

Forward-looking statements may include statements about:

the impact of the novel coronavirus COVID-19 on our business and results of operations;

general economic conditions, including changes in employment levels, consumer demand, preferences and confidence levels, fuel prices, levels of discretionary income, consumer spending patterns and uncertainty regarding the timing,
 pace and extent of an economic recovery in the United States;

economic conditions in certain geographic regions in which we primarily generate our revenue;

credit markets and the availability and cost of borrowed funds;

our business strategy, including acquisitions and same-store growth;

our ability to integrate acquired dealer groups;

our ability to maintain our relationships with manufacturers, including meeting the requirements of our dealer agreements and receiving the benefits of certain manufacturer incentives;

our ability to finance working capital and capital expenditures;

general domestic and international political and regulatory conditions, including changes in tax or fiscal policy and the effects of current restrictions on various commercial and economic activities in response to the COVID-19
 pandemic;

global public health concerns, including the COVID-19 pandemic;

demand for our products and our ability to maintain acceptable pricing for our products and services, including financing, insurance and extended service contracts;

our operating cash flows, the availability of capital and our liquidity;

our future revenue, same-store sales, income, financial condition, and operating performance;

our ability to sustain and improve our utilization, revenue and margins;

competition;

seasonality and inclement weather such as hurricanes, severe storms, fire and floods, generally and in certain geographic regions in which we primarily generate our revenue;

effects of industry-wide supply chain challenged and our ability to manage our inventory;

1 

Table of Contents 

our ability to retain key personnel;

environmental conditions and real or perceived human health or safety risks;

any potential tax savings we may realize as a result of our organizational structure;

uncertainty regarding our future operating results and profitability;

other risks associated with the COVID-19 pandemic including, among others, the ability to safely operate our stores, access to inventory and customer demand; and

plans, objectives, expectations and intentions contained in this Form 10-K that are not historical.

We caution you that these forward-looking statements are subject to all of the risks and uncertainties, most of which are difficult to predict and many of which are beyond our control. Should one or more of the
 risks or uncertainties occur, or should underlying assumptions prove incorrect, our actual results and plans could differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statements. These risks include, but are not limited to, decline in
 demand for our products and services, the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business, the seasonality and volatility of the boat industry, our acquisition strategies, the inability to comply with the financial and other covenants and
 metrics in our Credit Facilities, cash flow and access to capital, the timing of development expenditures and the other risks described under Risk Factors in this Form 10-K.

All forward-looking statements, expressed or implied, included in this Form 10-K are expressly qualified in their entirety by this cautionary statement. This cautionary statement should also be considered in
 connection with any subsequent written or oral forward-looking statements that we or persons acting on our behalf may issue.

Any forward-looking statement that we make in this Form 10-K speaks only as of the date of such statement. Except as otherwise required by applicable law, we disclaim any duty to update any forward-looking
 statements, all of which are expressly qualified by the statements in this section, to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this Form 10-K.

2 

Table of Contents 

PART I

Item 1. 

Business.

OneWater Marine Inc. OneWater Inc. is a holding company and the sole managing member of One Water Marine Holdings, LLC OneWater LLC ), which became the principal operating subsidiary of
 OneWater Inc. on February 11, 2020 in the corporate reorganization (the Reorganization completed in connection with OneWater Inc. s initial public offering (the IPO ), which closed on February 11, 2020.

Except as otherwise indicated or required by the context, all references in this Form 10-K to the Company, OneWater, we, us or our relate to (i) for periods after the Reorganization,
 OneWater Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries, and (ii) for periods on or prior to the Reorganization, to OneWater LLC, our accounting predecessor, and its consolidated subsidiaries.

Overview

We believe that we are one of the largest and fastest-growing marine retailers in the United States with 70 stores comprising 25 dealer groups in 11 states as of September 30, 2021. Our dealer groups are located
 within highly attractive markets throughout the Southeast, Gulf Coast, Mid-Atlantic and Northeast, including Texas, Florida, Alabama, North Carolina, South Carolina, Georgia, Ohio and New Jersey which represent eight of the top twenty states
 for marine retail expenditures. We believe that we are a market leader by volume in sales of premium boats in 12 out of the 17 markets in which we operate. In addition to boat sales, we also generate sales from related products including
 finance insurance and service, parts and other sales. The recent acquisitions of PartsVu and T-H Marine will significantly expand our sales of marine parts and accessories. The combination of our significant scale, diverse inventory,
 access to premium boat brands, access to a broad array of parts and accessories and meaningful group brand equity enables us to provide a consistently professional experience as reflected in the number of our repeat customers and same-store
 sales growth.

The following table sets forth information about stores that were part of our operations as of September 30, 2021:

State

Number of

 Stores

Percent of

 2020 Revenue

Florida

30

49.4

Texas

8

14.3

Alabama

8

8.8

Georgia

8

8.6

Ohio

3

5.5

Massachusetts

2

5.4

South Carolina

4

3.9

Maryland

2

2.4

Kentucky

2

0.9

North Carolina

1

0.5

New Jersey 

2

0.3

Total

70

100.0

We have a diversified revenue profile that is comprised of new boat sales, pre-owned boat sales, finance and insurance F I products, repair and maintenance services, and parts and accessories. Non-boat
 sales were approximately 11.3 of revenue and 25.8 of gross profit in fiscal year 2021, 9.8 of revenue and 28.3 of gross profit in fiscal year 2020 and 11.4 of revenue and 31.1 of gross profit in fiscal year 2019. In fiscal year 2021, we
 sold over 9,500 new and pre-owned boats, many of which were sold to customers who had a trade-in or with whom we otherwise had established relationships. We offer a wide array of new boats at various price points through relationships with 48
 manufacturers covering 68 brands. We believe we are currently a top-three customer for 26 of our 68 brands and the single largest customer for each of our top five highest-selling brands. While we believe our order volume amounts to between 10 
 to 40 of total sales for those top five brands, no single brand accounts for more than 9 of our total sales volume. Additionally, our top brand only accounts for approximately 12 of new boat sales. Our relationships with many of our
 manufacturers are long-standing and have been developed over multiple decades of experience in the marine industry. We believe that the strength of our relationships combined with our scale enables us to receive among the best pricing and terms
 available across all of the brands and models that we carry, and we routinely evaluate the sales performance and demand for each respective brand to ensure that the economic relationship we have in place with our manufacturers optimizes our
 profitability.

3 

Table of Contents 

We were formed in 2014 as OneWater LLC through the combination of Singleton Marine and Legendary Marine, which created a marine retail platform that collectively owned and operated 19 stores. Since the combination
 in 2014, we have acquired a total of 50 additional stores through 21 acquisitions. Our current portfolio as of September 30, 2021 consists of 25 different local and regional dealer groups. Because of this, we believe we are one of the largest
 and fastest-growing marine retailers in the United States based on number of stores and total boats sold. While we have opportunistically opened new stores in select markets, we believe that it is generally more effective economically and
 operationally to acquire existing stores with experienced staff and established reputations.

Our Market and Our Customer

Consumer spending in the United States on boats, engines, services, parts, accessories and related purchases reached 49.4 billion in 2020, up 14.2 from 2019, and has, on average, grown in excess of 6 annually
 since 2010. New powerboat sales have driven market growth and reached 13.9 billion in 2020, resulting in a 13 average annual growth rate since 2010. Of the approximately 1,105,000 powerboats sold in the United States each year, 79 of total
 units sold (approximately 875,000) are pre-owned. Relative demand for new and late-model boats has increased in recent years in part due to the continuous evolution of boat technology and design including, but not limited to, seating
 configurations, power, efficiency, instrumentation and electronics, and wakesurf gates, each of which represents a material design improvement that cannot be matched by more dated boat models. We believe the increasing pace of innovation in
 technology and design will result in more frequent upgrade purchases and ultimately higher sales volumes of new and late-model, pre-owned boat sales. While we continue to monitor the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our operations, our
 financial position through September 30, 2021 suggests that spending in all our regions and across product lines has proven resilient as families have increasingly focused on outdoor socially distanced recreation, driving increased sales.

The boat dealership market is highly fragmented and is comprised of approximately 4,300 stores nationwide. Most competing boat retailers are operated by local business owners who own three or fewer stores; however
 we do have other large competitors including MarineMax and Bass Pro Shops. We believe we are one of the largest and fastest-growing marine retailers in the United States. Despite our size, we comprise less than 3 of total industry sales. Our
 scale and business model allow us to leverage our extensive inventory to provide consumers with the ability to find a boat that matches their preferences (e.g., make, model, color, configuration and other options) and to deliver the boat within
 days while providing a personalized sales experience. In addition to boat sales, we also generate sales from related products including finance insurance and service, parts and other sales. The recent acquisitions of PartsVu and T-H
 Marine will significantly expand our sales of marine parts and accessories. Our strategic growth in this area is also expected to materially expand our addressable market in the parts and accessories business. We are able to operate with a
 comparatively higher degree of profitability than other independent retailers because we allocate support resources across our broader base, focus on high-margin service, parts and accessories, utilize floor plan financing and provide core
 back-office functions on a scale that many independent retailers are unable to match. We seek to be the leading marine retailer by total market share within each boating market and within the product segments in which we participate. To the
 extent that we are not, we will evaluate acquiring other local retailers in order to increase our sales, to add additional brands or to provide us with additional high-quality personnel.

Our inventory and product selection allow us to cater to a highly diverse customer base with price points and boat types that appeal to a broad spectrum of budgets and preferences. The boating industry s and
 MarineMax s average selling prices for a new boat were 60,000 in calendar year 2020 and 227,000 in fiscal year 2021, respectively. By comparison, our average selling price for a new boat in fiscal year 2021 was 160,000.

Growth Strategy

Organic Growth Strategy : Our business model utilizes our unique
 scale to drive profitable same-store sales growth. We seek to gain market share by delivering high-quality products and services, with customized attributes tailored to our customers product specifications. Additionally, we are able to
 leverage our potential customer database to garner new sales. Sales growth from our existing stores is a core component of our current and future strategy. We believe non-boat sales will be a driver of our organic growth strategy in the
 future. We have completed acquisitions and implemented a targeted marketing strategy across our platform focused on increasing new and existing customer awareness and usage of our F I products, repair and maintenance services, and parts
 and accessories products. We intend to expand our online presence and sales through digital platforms to engage in online new and pre-owned boat sales, parts and accessories as well as financing insurance. We believe this will further
 advance our long-term growth opportunity, while broadening our customer base and geographic reach. Additionally, we may also develop a dealership if an attractive acquisition is not available in a market we choose to target. 

4 

Table of Contents 

Acquisition Strategy : We believe there is a tremendous
 opportunity for us to expand in both existing and new markets, given that the industry is highly fragmented with most boat retailers owning three or fewer stores. We seek to create value by implementing the best tested operational practices
 to family-owned and operated businesses that previously lacked the resources, management experience and expertise to maximize the profitability of the acquired standalone businesses. We believe that our dealer group branding strategy, which
 retains the name, logo and trademarks associated with each store or dealer group at the time of acquisition, significantly differentiates us from our largest competitors who employ singular, national branding strategies. In addition,
 we intend to acquire businesses that focus on the sales of parts and accessories. We believe there is a significant opportunity for us to expand our presence in this less cyclical and higher margin business. We are committed to maintaining local and regional branding because we believe that the value of retaining the goodwill and long-standing customer relationships of these local businesses, many of which have been built by families
 over decades, far exceeds the benefits of attempting to establish a potentially unfamiliar OneWater national brand. In addition, preserving this established identity maintains the long-term engagement of former owners because their name and
 reputation remain figuratively and literally on the door. We believe that the marine industry is underpinned by strong fundamental drivers, and that, with the implementation of operational control measures and the injection of resources,
 local stores can significantly increase revenues and profitability. We believe our status as a consolidator of choice is based on the expertise we have developed through completing 21 acquisitions (50 locations acquired) since the combination
 of Singleton Marine and Legendary Marine in 2014, our growing cash flow and financial profile, and our footprint of retailers within prime markets. Our ability to acquire additional locations or dealer groups at attractive multiples is
 further enhanced by our growing reputation for retaining the seller s management team and keeping their branding and legacy intact. Accordingly, the sellers remain actively involved in the business and many have remained employed with us for
 years beyond the closing of the acquisition. We believe there is significant opportunity to expand our store footprint in regions with strong boating cultures. While we have a strong presence in the Southeastern portion of the United States,
 there are several areas of opportunity in states adjacent to our current geographic footprint as well as states in new regions in the Midwest and Western United States. Annually, we target to complete four to six potential dealership
 acquisitions, which will often vary based on the size, number of locations and complexity of the target being acquired. As a result of our reputation in the marketplace, we expect our pipeline of potential acquisitions to grow over time. 

Industry Trends and Market Opportunity

U.S. Recreational Boating Industry

Recreational boating is a well-established American pastime that attracts millions of people each year to the water. While Florida is the leading state for new boating sales and registrations due to its abundance
 of both fresh water and salt water, boating is very popular throughout the United States with Texas, Michigan, North Carolina and Minnesota representing the rest of the top five states for new marine retail expenditures.

In 2020, 49 billion were spent on retail boating sales, which has contributed to annual growth of six percent since 2010. Consumer marine spending includes purchases of new and pre-owned boats; marine products
 such as engines, trailers, equipment, and accessories; and related expenditures, such as fuel, insurance, docking, storage, and repairs. New boat sales and pre-owned boat sales constituted 62 and 38 of 2020 boating retail sales, respectively,
 based on industry data from the National Marine Manufacturers Association NMMA ). The NMMA estimates that approximately 1,049,000 pre-owned boats were sold in 2020. Non-boat sales include aftermarket accessories (17.9 of total 2020 boating
 retail sales) and F I products and ancillary services, such as insurance, maintenance and fuel (18.9 of total 2020 boating retail sales).

Boat sales volumes are correlated with consumer confidence and the availability of consumer credit. Recent growth in spending has been driven by both an increase in units sold as well as rising average selling
 prices. Innovation, including updated boat configurations, hull designs, wake gates and other electronics, have contributed to shorter boat upgrade cycles which result in higher unit sales volume. Pre-owned traditional powerboat sales were
 approximately 11.7 billion in 2020, which represents an increase of 16.6 over 2019. With the exception of the significant growth in 2020, pre-owned traditional powerboat sales have remained relatively consistent since 2006 and through
 economic cycles. The boat dealership market is highly fragmented with approximately 4,300 stores nationwide, and the majority of retailers are owner-operated with three stores or fewer. Independent retailers typically offer a limited selection
 of boat brands, and they predominantly focus on new boat sales with less expertise and capacity to create a meaningful business from non-boat sales such as F I products.

5 

Table of Contents 

Products and Services

We offer new and pre-owned recreational boats, yachts and related marine products, including parts and accessories, with a specific focus on premium brands. We also provide boat repair and maintenance services,
 arrange boat financing and insurance and offer other ancillary services, including indoor and outdoor storage, marina services, and rentals of boats and personal watercraft.

New and Pre-Owned Boat Sales

Our business focuses primarily on the sale of new and pre-owned recreational boats, including pontoon, runabout, saltwater fishing boats, wake/ski boats, and yachts. We offer products from a broad variety of
 manufacturers and brands without relying on any one manufacturer or brand in particular. No single brand accounted for more than 9 of our total sales volume in fiscal year 2021. We also sell pre-owned versions of the brands we offer and
 pre-owned boats of other brands we take as trade-ins or acquire. During fiscal year 2021, new boat sales accounted for approximately 872.7 million or 71.1 of our revenue, and pre-owned boat sales accounted for approximately 216.4 million or
 17.6 of our revenue.

We offer new and pre-owned recreational boats in a broad range of product categories. We believe that the product lines and brands we offer are among the highest quality within their respective market categories,
 with well-established brand recognition and reputations for quality, performance, styling and innovation.

Fishing Boats . Revenue from fishing boats comprised 38 of our
 new boat revenue for fiscal year 2021. The fishing boats we offer range from entry-level models to advanced models, from brands such as Everglades, Pursuit, Scout and Sea Hunt, each designed for fishing and water sports in lakes, bays and
 off-shore waters, with cabins with limited live-aboard capability. The fishing boats we offer typically feature livewells, in-deck fishboxes, rodholders, rigging stations, cockpit coaming pads and fresh and saltwater washdowns. 

Pontoon Boats and Runabouts . Revenue from pontoon boats and
 runabouts comprised 36 of our new boat revenue for fiscal year 2021. We offer a variety of some of the most innovative, luxurious, and premium pontoon models to fit boaters needs, from brands such as Bennington, Barletta and Harris. Our
 runabouts, such as Cobalt, Regal and Chris-Craft, target the family recreational boating markets and come in a variety of configurations to suit each customer s particular recreational boating style. The models we offer may include amenities
 such as advanced navigation electronics and sound systems, a variety of hull, deck, and cockpit designs that can include a swim platform, bow pulpit and raised bridges, and swivel bucket helm seats, lounge seats, sun pads, wet bars, built-in
 ice chests, and refreshment centers. With a variety of designs and options, the pontoon boats and runabouts we offer appeal to a broad audience of boat enthusiasts and existing customers. 

Wake/Ski Boats . Revenue from wake/ski boats comprised 6 of our
 new boat revenue for fiscal year 2021. The ski boats we offer range from entry-level models to advanced models, from brands such as Axis and Malibu, all of which are designed to generate specific wakes for optimal skiing, surfing and
 wakeboarding performance and safety. With a broad range of designs and options, the ski boats we offer appeal to both competitive and recreational users. 

Yachts . Revenue from yachts comprised 14 of our new boat
 revenue for fiscal year 2021. The yachts we offer range from traditional models to advanced models, from brands such as Absolute, Riviera, Tiara and Sunseeker. The yacht product lines typically include state-of-the-art designs with
 live-aboard luxuries, offering amenities such as flybridges with extensive guest seating; covered aft deck, which may be fully or partially enclosed, providing the boater with additional living space; an elegant salon; and multiple staterooms
 for accommodations. 

Motors, Trailers, Personal Water Crafts PWC ), Wholesale and Other . Revenue from motors, trailers, PWC, wholesale and other sales comprised 6 of our new boat revenue for fiscal year 2021. The motors and trailers we offer range in size, horsepower, length and style dependent upon the type of boat
 our customers may own. We offer PWC, primarily including models from Yamaha and Sea Doo, which appeal to a broad audience of customers. Wholesale sales primarily consist of transactions with other dealers and other sales include the remaining
 new inventory products we offer. 

6 

Table of Contents 

F I Products

At each of our stores, our customers have the ability to finance their new or pre-owned boat purchase, purchase a third-party extended service contract and arrange insurance covering boat property, disability, gel
 sealant, fabric protection and casualty insurance coverage (collectively, F I ). Our relationships with various national marine product lenders allow buyers to purchase retail installment contracts originated by us in accordance with
 existing pre-sale agreements between us and the lenders. These retail installment contracts provide us with a portion of the expected finance charges based on a variety of factors, including the buyer s credit rating, the annual percentage rate
 of the contract and the lender s then-existing minimum required annual percentage rate. These contracts are subject to repayment by us upon buyer prepayment or default within a designated time period (typically within 180 days). To the extent
 required by applicable state law, our dealer groups are licensed to originate and sell retail installment contracts financing the sale of boats and other marine products.

We offer our customers third-party extended service contracts, which allow us to extend customers new boat coverage beyond the time frame or scope of the manufacturer s standard hull and engine warranty. We also
 offer purchasers of pre-owned boats the ability to purchase a third-party extended service contract, even if the applicable boat is no longer covered by the manufacturer s warranty. We also provide the related repair services, when needed by
 our customers, pursuant to the service contract guidelines during the contract term at no additional charge to the customer above a deductible. Generally, we receive a fee for arranging these extended service contracts and most of the required
 services under the contracts are provided by us and paid for by the third-party contract holder.

We also assist our customers with obtaining property and casualty insurance. Property and casualty insurance covers loss or damage to their boat. We do not act as an insurance broker or agent or issue insurance
 policies on behalf of insurers. We provide marketing activities and other related services to insurance companies and brokers for which we receive marketing fees. One of our strategies is to generate increased marketing fees by offering more
 competitive insurance products.

Fee income generated from F I products accounted for approximately 42.7 million or 3.5 of our revenue during fiscal year 2021, 36.8 million or 3.6 of our revenue during fiscal year 2020, and 26.2 million
 or 3.4 of our revenue during fiscal year 2019. We believe that our customers ability to obtain competitive, prompt and convenient financing at our stores strengthens our ability to sell new and pre-owned boats and gives us an advantage over
 many of our competitors, particularly our smaller competitors that lack the resources to arrange boat financing at their stores or that do not generate enough F I product volume to attract the broad range of financing sources that are
 available to us.

Service, Parts Other

We provide repair and maintenance services at most of our stores. We believe that our repair and maintenance services help strengthen our customer relationships and that our quality service and emphasis on
 preventative maintenance increases the quality and supply of well-maintained boats available for our pre-owned boat business. We perform both warranty and non-warranty repair services, with the cost of warranty work reimbursed by the
 manufacturer in accordance with the manufacturer s warranty reimbursement program. For any warranty work we perform, most of our manufacturers reimburse a percentage of the store s posted service labor rates, with the percentage varying
 depending on the store s customer satisfaction index rating and attendance at service training courses. Certain other of our manufacturers reimburse warranty work at a fixed amount per repair. Because boat manufacturers require that warranty
 work be performed at authorized stores, our stores receive substantially all of the warrantied repair and maintained work required for the boats we offer. We also offer third-party extended warranty contracts, which result in a continuous
 demand for our repair and maintenance services for the term of the extended warranty contract. 

We offer engine parts, oils, lubricants, steering and control systems, electronics, safety products, water sport accessories (such as tubes, wakeboards, surfboards,
 lines, and lifejackets), products relating to docking and anchoring, boat covers, trailer parts, and a complete line of other boating accessories at our stores and online, primarily to retail customers to repair their current engines or other
 marine related parts and equipment. The calendar 2021 acquisitions of T-H Marine and PartsVu expanded our sale of marine related parts and accessories, including general boat accessories, electronics (GPS, radar, sonar, etc.), OEM marine
 parts, boat performance items, access hatches, deck plates, deck hardware, live well aeration, plumbing fittings, battery trays, fishing rod holders, boat lights, rigging accessories, trolling motor accessories, and safety equipment. These
 products are sold to boat manufacturers, distributors, big box retailers, boat dealerships and after-market customers. We believe this will advance our strategic growth and diversification strategies and is expected to materially expand our
 addressable market in the parts and accessories business.

7 

Table of Contents 

At certain of our stores, we offer marina and boat rental services, which are generally recurring in nature and create additional opportunities to connect with potential buyers. We maintain a small fleet of rental
 boats, and, after one season, the rental boats are repurposed for pre-owned sales. Additionally, we operate 15 marina locations that provide fueling, docking and indoor and outdoor storage.

Our focus on customer service, which we believe is one of our core competitive advantages in the retail marine industry, is critical to our efforts in creating and maintaining long-term customers. Service, parts
 other accounted for approximately 96.4 million or 7.8 of our revenue during fiscal year 2021, 63.4 million or 6.2 of our revenue during fiscal year 2020 and approximately 61.7 million or 8.0 of our revenue during fiscal year 2019.

Stores

We offer new and pre-owned recreational boats and other related marine products and boat services through 70 stores comprising 25 dealer groups in 11 states as of September 30, 2021. Each store generally includes
 an indoor showroom and an outside display area for our new and pre-owned boat inventories, along with a business office to facilitate F I products and repair and maintenance services facilities.

Operations

Dealership Operations and Management

The operational management of our boat dealer groups is decentralized, with certain administrative functions centralized at the corporate level and the primary responsibility of day-to-day operations localized at
 the store level. Each store is managed by a general manager, often a former owner, who oversees the day-to-day operations, human resources and financial performance of that particular individual store. Typically, each store also has a staff
 consisting of sales representatives, an F I manager, a service manager, a parts manager, maintenance and repair technicians and additional support personnel.

We provide employees with ongoing training, career advancement opportunities and favorable benefit packages as a part of our strategy to attract and retain high quality employees. Sales training sessions are held
 at various locations, including the manufacturers facilities, and cover a broad array of topics from technical product details, features and benefits, to general sales techniques. Our highly-trained professional sales teams recognize the
 importance of building relationships with customers, assisting them in selecting the boat that best fits their needs and making the entire sales process enjoyable, all of which are critical to our successful sales efforts. The overall focus of
 our training program is to provide exemplary customer service.

Members of our sales teams receive compensation on primarily a commission basis. Additionally, each manager within a store receives a salary along with incentive compensation based on the performance of the managed
 store or their respective departments.

Sales and Marketing

Our sales strategy focuses on highlighting the joys of the boating lifestyle while also providing convenient repair and maintenance services to maintain a stress-free boating experience. Our sales strategy is built
 on our high levels of customer service, hassle-free sales approach, appealing store layouts, highly-trained sales teams and the ability of our sales teams to educate customers and their families on boating. We constantly aim to provide the
 highest levels of customer service and support before, during and after each sale.

Each of our stores offers our customers the opportunity to evaluate a variety of new and pre-owned boats in an environment that is convenient, comfortable and professional. Our stores provide a full-service
 purchasing process, which includes attractive F I packages and extended third-party service agreements. We have a number of waterfront stores, most of which include marina-type facilities and docks at which we display our new and pre-owned
 boats. These waterfront stores and marinas are easily accessible to boating customers, operate as in-water showrooms and enable our sales team to give potential customers impromptu in-water demonstrations of our various boat models. Our sales
 team members are providing certain customers with the option of in-person or virtual walkthroughs of inventory and/or private, at home or on water showings. We continue to expand our online presence and sales through digital platforms to engage
 in online new and pre-owned boat sales, parts and accessories as well as F I products. We continue to launch tools for our internally developed customer relationship management system, our websites and online sales portals, which we expect
 to be further enhanced by our continued investments in digital initiatives.

8 

Table of Contents 

We provide customers a diverse offering of boat brands, which span across a multitude of sizes, uses and activities, including leisure, fishing, watersports, luxury and vacation. We believe this diverse offering of
 brands allows us to reach a broad expanse of customers and maximizes our ability to provide high quality service to each customer that walks into one of our stores.

An important part of our sales strategy is our participation in boat shows and specialized events in areas with high levels of boating activity. These shows and events help drive sales during and after the show or
 event and are typically held in January, February, March and toward the end of the boating season at convention centers or marinas that have been rented out by area dealers. We rely to a certain extent on boat shows to generate sales. Our
 limited ability to participate in boat shows in our existing target markets, including cancellation of boat shows in connection with the COVID-19 pandemic, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of
 operations. To the extent boat shows may be delayed or cancelled, we intend to hold complementary sales events on a smaller, more personalized scale where we are able to follow stricter safety precautions and social distancing.

We focus on customer education through personalized education by our sales representatives and other professionals, before, during and after a sale through product demonstrations on the use and operation of their
 boat. Typically, one of our delivery professionals or the sales representative delivers the customer s boat to the customer s boating location and thoroughly instructs the customer about the operation of the boat, including hands-on
 instructions for docking and trailering the boat.

Suppliers and Inventory Management

We purchase substantially all of our new boat inventory directly from manufacturers. Manufacturers typically allocate new boats to stores or dealer groups based on the amount of boats sold by the store or dealer
 group and their market share. We exchange new boats with other dealers to maintain flexibility, meet customer demand and balance inventory. We also display a select number of boats and yachts through consignment agreements, including with
 related parties.

We offer a wide array of new boats at various price points through relationships with 48 manufacturers covering 68 brands. We believe we are currently a top-three customer for 26 of our 68 brands and the single
 largest customer for each of our top five highest-selling brands. While we believe our order volume amounts to between 10 to 40 of total sales for those top five brands, no single brand accounts for more than 9 of our total sales volume.
 Additionally, our top brand only accounts for approximately 12 of new boat sales. However, sales of new boats from the top ten brands represent approximately 42.9 of our total sales volume for fiscal year 2021.

As part of our business, we enter into renewable annual dealer agreements with boat manufacturers. Provided that we are in compliance with the material obligations of such dealer agreements, they designate an
 exclusive geographical territory for our store to sell a particular boat brand and typically do not restrict our right to sell any other product lines or competing products.

Manufacturers generally establish suggested prices annually, but the actual sales prices remain subject to the sole discretion of the dealer, which highlights the advantage of our lack of reliance on any one
 manufacturer. Manufacturers typically offer discounts and increased inventory financing assistance during the manufacturers slow season (generally October through March). We often capitalize on these opportunities to maximize our profit
 margins and increase our product availability during the selling season.

We are also able to transfer boats between our stores to maintain flexibility, meet customer demand and balance inventories. This flexibility reduces delays in delivery, helps us maximize inventory turnover and
 assists in minimizing potential overstock or out-of-stock situations. We actively monitor our inventory levels to maintain levels appropriate to meet current anticipated market demands. We are not bound by contractual agreements governing the
 amount of inventory that we must purchase in any year from any manufacturer; however, the failure to purchase at agreed upon levels may result in the loss of certain manufacturer incentives or dealership rights.

9 

Table of Contents 

Our inventory turnover ratio, which is calculated as cost of goods sold for the period divided by the average inventory over the same period, was 5.9x, 3.7x, and 2.6x for fiscal years 2021, 2020 and 2019,
 respectively. 

Inventory Financing

Boat and related marine manufacturers customarily provide various levels of interest assistance programs to retailers, which may include periods of free financing or reduced interest rate programs. The interest
 assistance may be paid directly to the retailer or the financial institution depending on the arrangements the manufacturer has established. We believe that our financing arrangements with manufacturers are standard within the industry.

We are party to our Inventory Financing Facility (as amended, the Inventory Financing Facility ). For the years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019,
 interest on new boats and for rental units is calculated using the one month London Inter-Bank Offering Rate LIBOR plus an applicable margin of 2.75 to 5.00 depending on the age of the inventory. Effective October 1, 2021,
 interest on new boats and for rental units is calculated using the Adjusted 30-Day Average SOFR (as further described in the Third Amendment below). The interest rate for pre-owned boats is calculated using the new boat rate set forth above
 plus 0.25 .

The collateral for the Inventory Financing Facility consists primarily of our inventory that is financed through the Inventory Financing Facility and related assets, including accounts
 receivable, bank accounts, and proceeds of the foregoing, and excludes the collateral that underlies our Credit Facility (as defined below). For additional information relating to the terms of our Inventory Financing Facility, please see
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Debt Agreements Inventory Financing Facility. 

Customers

We are not dependent on any one customer or group of customers, and no individual customer, or together with its affiliates, contributed on an aggregate basis 10 or more to our revenues.

Seasonality

Our business, along with the entire retail marine industry, is highly seasonal, and such seasonality varies by geographic market. With the exception of Florida, we generally realize significantly lower sales and
 higher levels of inventories, and related floor plan borrowings, in the quarterly periods ending December 31 and March 31. Revenue generated from our stores in Florida serves to offset generally lower winter revenue in our other states and
 enables us to maintain a more consistent revenue stream. Over the three-year period ended September 30, 2021, the average revenue for the quarters ended December 31, March 31, June 30 and September 30 represented approximately 16 , 23 , 36 ,
 and 25 , respectively, of our average annual revenues. Every January, the onset of consumer boat and recreation shows generally marks the beginning of an increase in boat sales which allows us to begin to reduce our inventory levels and related
 short-term borrowings for the remainder of the fiscal year.

Our limited ability to participate in boat shows in our existing target markets, including cancellation of boat shows in connection with the COVID-19 pandemic, could have an impact on our seasonality. To the extent
 boat shows may be delayed or cancelled, we intend to hold complementary sales events on a smaller, more personalized scale where we are able to follow stricter safety precautions and social distancing. Additionally, the COVID-19 pandemic has
 caused industry wide supply chain challenges, which have impacted inventory availability especially during peak selling seasons, which may also impact our overall seasonality.

Our business is also sensitive to weather patterns, such as unseasonably cool weather, prolonged winter conditions, drought conditions (or merely reduced rainfall levels) or excessive rain, which may shorten the
 selling season, limit access to certain locations for boating or render boating hazardous or inconvenient, thereby curtailing customer demand for our products and services and adversely affecting our results of operations. Additionally,
 hurricanes and other storms may cause disruptions to our business operations or damage to our inventories and facilities. We believe our geographic diversity is likely to reduce the overall impact to us of adverse weather conditions in any one
 market area.

10 

Table of Contents 

Environmental and Other Regulatory Issues

Our business operations, along with the entire retail marine industry, are subject to numerous environmental and occupational health and safety laws and regulations that may be imposed in the United States at the
 federal, state and local levels. Federal agencies that implement and enforce these laws and regulations include the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency EPA and the U.S. Occupational Safety and Health Administration OSHA ). The more
 significant of these environmental and occupational health and safety laws and regulations include the following federal legal standards that currently exist in the United States, as amended from time to time:

the Clean Air Act CAA ), which restricts the emission of air pollutants from many sources, including outboard marine engines, and imposes various pre-construction, operational, monitoring, and reporting requirements, and that the
 EPA has relied upon as authority for adopting climate change regulatory initiatives relating to greenhouse gas GHG emissions;

the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (the Clean Water Act ), which regulates discharges of pollutants from facilities to state and federal waters and establishes the extent to which waterways are subject to federal jurisdiction
 and rulemaking as protected waters of the United States;

the Oil Pollution Act OPA ), which subjects owners and operators of vessels, onshore facilities, and pipelines, as well as lessees or permittees of areas in which offshore facilities are located, to liability for removal costs and
 damages arising from an oil spill in waters of the United States;

the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act CERCLA ), which imposes liability on generators, transporters, disposers and arrangers of hazardous substances at sites where hazardous substance releases
 have occurred or are threatening to occur;

the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act RCRA ), which governs the generation, treatment, storage, transport, and disposal of solid wastes, including hazardous wastes;

the Emergency Planning and Community Right-to-Know Act, which requires facilities to implement a safety hazard communication program and disseminate information to employees, local emergency planning committees, and fire departments
 on toxic chemical uses and inventories; and

the Occupational Safety and Health Act, which establishes workplace standards for the protection of the health and safety of employees, including the implementation of hazard communications programs designed to inform employees about
 hazardous substances in the workplace, potential harmful effects of these substances, and appropriate control measures.

Additionally, there exist state and local jurisdictions in the United States where we operate that also have, or are developing or considering developing, similar environmental and occupational health and safety
 laws and regulations governing many of these same types of activities, which requirements may impose additional, or more stringent, conditions or controls than required under federal law and that can significantly alter, delay or cancel the
 permitting, development, or expansion of operations or substantially increase the cost of doing business. Environmental and occupational health and safety laws and regulations, including new or amended legal requirements that may arise in the
 future to address potential environmental concerns such as air and water impacts or to address perceived human health or safety-related concerns, including a global or national health crisis, are expected to continue to have a considerable
 impact on our operations.

11 

Table of Contents 

As with companies in the marine retail industry generally, and parts and service operations in particular, our business involves the use, handling, storage and contracting for recycling or disposal of
 petroleum-based products and wastes, as well as other hazardous and toxic substances and wastes, including gasoline, diesel fuels, motor oil, waste motor oil and filters, transmission fluid, antifreeze, freon, waste paint and lacquer thinner,
 batteries, solvents, lubricants, and degreasing agents. Environmental and occupational health and safety laws and regulations generally impose requirements for the use, storage, management, handling, transport and disposal of these materials,
 and restrict the level of pollutants emitted into the environment, including into ambient air, discharges to surface water, and disposals or other releases to surface and below-ground soils and ground water. Failure to comply with these laws
 and regulations may result in the assessment of sanctions, including administrative, civil, and criminal penalties or liabilities to third parties; the imposition of investigatory, remedial, and corrective action obligations or the incurrence
 of capital expenditures; the occurrence of restrictions, delays or cancellations in the permitting, development, or expansion of projects; and the issuance of injunctions restricting or prohibiting some or all of our activities in a particular
 area. Moreover, there exist environmental laws that provide for citizen suits, which allow individuals or organizations to act in the place of the government and sue operators for alleged violations of environmental law.

We are also subject to laws and regulations governing the investigation and remediation of contamination at the facilities we currently or formerly own or operate, as well as at third-party sites to which we send
 hazardous substances or wastes for treatment, recycling or disposal. Some environmental laws, such as CERCLA and similar state statutes, impose strict joint and several liability for the entire cost of investigation or remediation of a
 contaminated property and for any related damages to natural resources, upon current or former site owners or operators, as well as persons who arranged for the transportation, treatment or disposal of hazardous substances. We may also be
 subject to third-party claims alleging property damage and/or personal injury in connection with releases of, or exposure to, hazardous substances at our current or former properties or off-site waste disposal sites or from the products we
 sell.

Additionally, certain of our stores and/or repair facilities utilize underground storage tanks USTs and aboveground storage tanks ASTs ), primarily for storing and dispensing petroleum-based products. The
 USTs and ASTs are generally subject to federal, state and local laws and regulations that require obtaining financial assurance to own or operate USTs and ASTs, testing and upgrading of tanks and remediation of contaminated soils and
 groundwater resulting from leaking tanks. Additionally, if leakage from our USTs or ASTs migrates onto the property of others, we may be liable to third parties for remediation costs, natural resource damages or other damages.

For additional information relating to environmental protection, including releases, discharges and emissions into the environment, as well as worker health and safety requirements, please see Risk Factors Risks
 Related to Environmental and Geographic Factors Climatic events may adversely impact our operations, disrupt the business of our third party vendors on whom we rely upon for products and services, and may not be adequately covered by our
 insurance, Environmental and other regulatory issues may impact our operations and Our operations are subject to risks arising out of the threat of climate change, which could result in increased operating costs and reduced demand for the
 products that we and the retail recreational boat industry provide. Historically, our environmental compliance costs have not had a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations; however, there can be no
 assurance that such costs will not be material in the future or that such future compliance will not have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.

Product Liability

Our sale and servicing of boats and other watercraft may expose us to potential liabilities for personal injury or property damage claims relating to the use of such products. Historically, product liability claims
 have not materially affected our business. Our manufacturers generally maintain product liability insurance, and we maintain third-party liability insurance with respect to the sale and servicing of boats and other watercrafts, which we believe
 to be adequate. However, we may experience legal claims in excess of our insurance coverage, and those claims may not be covered by insurance. Furthermore, any significant claims against us, or an increase in insurance premiums resulting from
 excessive insurance claims, could adversely affect our business, financial performance and results of operations and result in negative publicity.

Competition

We operate in a highly competitive and fragmented environment. We face competition from businesses relating to recreational activities, which businesses compete for consumers leisure time and discretionary
 spending dollars. We face intense competition within the highly fragmented marine retail industry for customers, quality products, boat show space and suitable store locations. We rely to a certain extent on boat shows to generate sales. Our
 inability to participate in boat shows in our existing or targeted markets could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial performance and results of operations.

12 

Table of Contents 

We compete primarily with local marine retailers who own three or fewer stores, as well as with a limited number of larger operators, including MarineMax and Bass Pro Shops. Additionally, with respect to sales of
 marine parts, accessories, and equipment, we also compete with national specialty marine parts and accessory stores, online catalog retailers, sporting goods stores, and mass merchants. Competition within the retail marine industry is generally
 based on the quality and variety of available products, the price and value of the products and services and attention to customer service. We face significant competition from our current market and will likely face significant competition in
 any new markets that we may enter. We also face competition from retailers in certain markets who sell boat brands, parts and engines that we do not currently carry in such markets. Additionally, a number of our competitors are large national
 or regional chains that have substantially more financial, marketing and other resources than us, especially with regard to those that sell boating accessories. We also face competition from private sellers of pre-owned boats and online
 merchants entering the resale boating industry. However, we believe that our integrated corporate infrastructure, marketing and sales capabilities, cost structure, industry expertise and customer experience enable us to compete effectively
 against these competitors.

Intellectual Property

We are the registered holder of a U.S. trademark and a domain name that include our primary brand name OneWater . We rely on a number of trade names with respect to the regional dealer groups that we have
 acquired, which we do not re-brand under our OneWater mark. We cannot give any assurance that any trade name and trademark applications that we may file in the future will be granted.

Human Capital Resources

As of December 3, 2021, we had 1,785 employees, 1,670 of whom were in store-level operations and 115 of whom were in corporate administration and management. We are not a party to any collective bargaining
 agreements. We consider our relations with our employees to be excellent.

Throughout our marine retail operations, we are focused on recruiting, developing and retaining the best talent in the industry. We devote substantial efforts to train employees on utilizing our proprietary
 technology, systems and processes for success. We have developed a robust curriculum covering multiple retail strategies, product and system knowledge, which our employees must develop a proficiency in, prior to working with retail customers.
 We believe this differentiates us from others in the retail marine industry and provides our customers with a differentiated experience when dealing with our team.

We generally believe in paying our employees based on their performance. This philosophy runs deep within the organization, from executive management, store management, sales consultants, department management and
 to select individuals within a department. We design compensation packages for these employees by providing a competitive base salary and an incentive component where they can earn additional compensation based on the performance of their area
 of responsibility or individual sales. As a result of our performance-based compensation philosophy, pay levels may vary significantly from year to year and among our various team members. 

13 

Table of Contents 

Our overall philosophy is to pay competitive wages to all team members which helps us to attract, motivate, and retain a highly qualified team and reduce turnover. Cash incentive plans and
 other bonuses may also be paid and are designed to reward individuals based on the achievement of personal and/or corporate objectives which contribute to our long-term success. Grants of stock-based awards under our 2020 Omnibus Incentive
 Plan are intended to align compensation with increasing long-term shareholder value.

Our Offices

Our principal executive offices are located at 6275 Lanier Islands Parkway, Buford, Georgia 30518, and our telephone number at that address is 678-541-6300. Our website address is www.onewatermarine.com. Within the
 Investor Relations section of our website, the following documents are available free of charge: the Company s annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and any amendments to those reports that are
 filed with or furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC pursuant to Sections 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). These materials are made available through the Company s
 website as soon as reasonably practicable after they are electronically filed with, or furnished to, the SEC. In addition to its reports filed or furnished with the SEC, the Company publicly discloses material information from time to time in
 its press releases, at annual meetings of shareholders, in publicly accessible conferences and investor presentations, and through its website. References to the Company s website in this Form 10-K are provided as a convenience and do not
 constitute, and should not be deemed, an incorporation by reference of the information contained on, or available through, the website, and such information should not be considered part of this Form 10-K.

Our Corporate Structure

OneWater Inc. was incorporated as a Delaware corporation in April 2019 for the purpose of completing the IPO and related transactions. On February 12, 2020, in connection with the IPO, OneWater Inc. became a
 holding company whose sole material asset consists of units in OneWater LLC (the OneWater LLC Units ). OneWater LLC holds all of the equity interest in One Water Assets Operations OWAO or Opco ), which owns all of our operating
 assets. The remainder of the OneWater LLC Units are held by certain Legacy Owners (the OneWater Unit Holders ). References in this Form 10-K to the Legacy Owners refer to the owners of OneWater LLC as they existed immediately prior to the
 Reorganization, including, but not limited to, certain affiliates of Goldman Sachs Co. LLC (collectively, Goldman ), affiliates of The Beekman Group (collectively, Beekman and certain members of our management team.

As the sole managing member of OneWater LLC, OneWater Inc. operates and controls all of the business and affairs of OneWater LLC, and through OneWater LLC and its subsidiaries, conducts its business. As a result,
 we consolidate the financial results of OneWater LLC and its subsidiaries and report temporary equity related to the portion of OneWater LLC Units not owned by us, which will reduce net income (loss) attributable to the holders of our Class A
 common stock, par value 0.01 per share Class A common stock ). As of December 3, 2021, OneWater Inc. owned 88.1 of OneWater LLC.

Certain of the Legacy Owners hold one share of our Class B common stock, par value 0.01 per share (the Class B common stock ), for each OneWater LLC Unit such person holds. Each share of Class B common stock has
 no economic rights but entitles its holder to one vote on all matters to be voted on by shareholders generally. Holders of Class A common stock and Class B common stock vote together as a single class on all matters presented to our
 stockholders for their vote or approval, except as otherwise required by applicable law or by our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. We do not intend to list Class B common stock on any exchange.

Under the fourth amended and restated limited liability company agreement of OneWater LLC (the OneWater LLC Agreement ), each of OneWater Unit Holders has, subject to certain limitations, the right (the
 Redemption Right to cause OneWater LLC to acquire all or a portion of its OneWater LLC Units for shares of Class A common stock of OneWater Inc. on a one-for-one basis or, at OneWater LLC s election, an equivalent amount of cash.
 Alternatively, upon the exercise of the Redemption Right, OneWater Inc. (instead of OneWater LLC) will have the right (the Call Right to, for administrative convenience, acquire each tendered OneWater LLC Unit directly from the redeeming
 OneWater Unit Holder for, at its election, (x) one share of Class A common stock, subject to conversion rate adjustments for stock splits, stock dividends and reclassification and other similar transactions, or (y) an equivalent amount of cash.
 In connection with any redemption of OneWater LLC Units pursuant to the Redemption Right or the Call Right, the corresponding number of shares of Class B common stock will be cancelled. Under the Registration Rights Agreement (defined below) we
 entered into with certain of the Legacy Owners in connection with the IPO, such Legacy Owners have the right, under certain circumstances, to cause us to register the offer and resale of their shares of Class A common stock.

14 

Table of Contents 

Executive Officers and Directors

The following table sets forth certain information with respect to our executive officers and directors:

Name 

Position 

P. Austin Singleton

Founder, Chief Executive Officer and Director

Anthony Aisquith

President, Chief Operating Officer and Director

Jack Ezzell

Chief Financial Officer and Secretary

Mitchell W. Legler

Director and Chairman of the Board of Directors

Bari A. Harlam

Director

Christopher W. Bodine

Director

Jeffery B. Lamkin

Director

John F. Schraudenbach

Director

John G. Troiano

Director

Keith R. Style

Director

Executive Officers

P. Austin Singleton has
 served as our Chief Executive Officer and Director since April 2019, the Chief Executive Officer of OneWater LLC since its formation in 2014, and the Chief Executive Officer of Singleton Marine, which later merged with Legendary Marine to
 form OneWater LLC, since 2006. Mr. Singleton served on the Board of Managers of OneWater LLC since its formation in 2006 until the Reorganization. Mr. Singleton first joined Singleton Marine in 1988, shortly after his family founded Singleton
 Marine in 1987. Prior to his role as the Chief Executive Officer of OneWater LLC, Mr. Singleton worked in substantially all positions within the dealership from the fuel dock, to the service department, to the sales department, to general
 manager. Mr. Singleton studied Business and Finance at Auburn University. Mr. Singleton was selected as a director due to his management and extensive industry experience. 

Anthony Aisquith has
 served as our President and Chief Operating Officer since April 2019, as a Director since May 2020, and as the President and Chief Operating Officer of OneWater LLC (including its predecessor entity, Singleton Marine) since 2008. Mr. Aisquith
 served on the Board of Managers of OneWater LLC from 2014 until the Reorganization. Mr. Aisquith has 25 years of experience in the boating industry, and prior to joining OneWater LLC in 2008, he held several senior management positions at
 MarineMax (NYSE: HZO). Specifically, from 2003 to 2008, he served as Vice President, and from 2000 to 2008, he served as a Regional President, overseeing MarineMax s operations in Georgia, North and South Carolina, Texas and California. Prior
 to serving as Regional President, Mr. Aisquith held a variety of management and sales positions at MarineMax. Before joining MarineMax in June of 1985, Mr. Aisquith worked for ten years in the auto industry. Our board of directors (the Board of Directors believes Mr. Aisquith s extensive industry experience and his familiarity with the Company qualify him to serve as a director. 

15 

Table of Contents 

Jack Ezzell has
 served as our Chief Financial Officer since April 2019 and as the Chief Financial Officer of OneWater LLC since 2017. Mr. Ezzell has over 25 years of accounting and finance experience, with over 18 years of experience in the boating
 industry specifically. Immediately prior to beginning his tenure as Chief Financial Officer of OneWater LLC, Mr. Ezzell was a General Manager at MarineMax (NYSE: HZO), where he oversaw all dealership operations at MarineMax s Clearwater and
 St. Petersburg, Florida locations. From 2010 to 2015, Mr. Ezzell served as Chief Accounting Officer of Masonite International Corporation (NYSE: DOOR), and from 1998 to 2010, he served as the Controller and as the Chief Accounting Officer
 at MarineMax. Prior to joining MarineMax, Mr. Ezzell began his career as an auditor for Arthur Andersen. Mr. Ezzell is a Certified Public Accountant and obtained his Bachelor of Science in Accounting from Western Carolina University. 

Non-Employee Directors

Mitchell W. Legler has
 served on our Board of Directors since the closing of our IPO in February 2020 and served as Chairman of the Board of Managers of OneWater LLC from 2015 until the Reorganization. Mr. Legler is a business lawyer representing clients in
 corporate, commercial, and real estate law, and is a majority shareholder of the law firm Kirschner Legler, P.A. Mr. Legler was a director of IMC Mortgage Company and Stein Mart, Inc. (NASDAQ: SMRT) Stein Mart ), both public
 companies, and served as general counsel to Stein Mart until his retirement in 2019. Mr. Legler has served as Director to a number of private companies in the healthcare, software development, international transportation, automotive retail,
 and real estate development fields. Mr. Legler received a B.A. with honors in Political Science from the University of North Carolina and a J.D. from the University of Virginia. Our Board of Directors believes Mr. Legler is qualified to serve
 on our Board of Directors because of his public company experience and his general legal expertise. 

Bari A. Harlam was
 appointed to our Board of Directors on May 12, 2020. Ms. Harlam is a business leader, marketer, educator and author. From April 2018 to March 2020, Ms. Harlam has served as, Chief Marketing Officer North America at Hudson s Bay Company (TSX:
 HBC). She has also served on the Board of Directors of Eastern Bankshares, Inc. (NASDAQ: EBC) since February 2014, of Aterian, Inc. (NASDAQ: ATER) since February 2020, of Rite Aid Corporation (NYSE: RAD) since September 2020, and of Champion
 Petfoods, LP since March 2020. Prior to her time at Hudson s Bay Company, she was EVP, Membership, Marketing Analytics at BJ s Wholesale Club (NYSE: BJ) from July 2012 to December 2016. Before joining BJ s Wholesale Club, she served as
 Chief Marketing Officer at Swipely, now called Upserve, from August 2011 to July 2012 and prior to that, she served as SVP, Marketing at CVS Health (NYSE: CVS) from 2000 to August 2011. Early in her career, she was a Professor at Columbia
 University from July 1989 to July 1992 and The University of Rhode Island from July 1992 to July 2000. In addition, she was an Adjunct Professor at The Wharton School at The University of Pennsylvania from January 2015 to May 2018. She
 received a Bachelor of Science in Marketing and Decision Sciences, a Master of Science in Econometrics and a Ph.D. in Marketing from The University of Pennsylvania, The Wharton School. Our Board of Directors believes that Ms. Harlam is
 qualified to serve on our Board of Directors because of her extensive business and marketing experience as well as her prior board experience. 

Christopher W. Bodine 
 has served on our Board of Directors since the closing of our IPO. Mr. Bodine retired as President, Health Care Services at CVS Caremark Corporation (NYSE: CVS) CVS Caremark after 24 years with CVS Caremark in 2009. During his tenure as
 President, Mr. Bodine was responsible for Strategy, Business Development, Trade Relations, Sales and Account Management, Pharmacy Merchandising, Marketing, Information Technology, and Minute Clinic. Mr. Bodine was formerly a Director at Allergan plc (NYSE: AGN) and is currently a Director at ContinuumRX Services, Inc. Mr. Bodine is also a Venture Partner at NewSpring Capital.
 Prior to these positions, he was a director at Fred s, Inc. (NASDAQ: FRED) and Nash-Finch Company. Mr. Bodine formerly served as a Trustee for Bryant University and is active with the Juvenile Diabetes Research Foundation and the American
 Heart Association. Mr. Bodine attended Troy State University and received an Honorary Doctorate Degree in Business Administration from Johnson Wales University. Our Board of Directors believes Mr. Bodine is qualified to serve on our
 Board of Directors because of his prior leadership experience and his public company experience. 

Jeffrey B. Lamkin has
 served on our Board of Directors since the closing of our IPO and served on the Board of Managers and on the Compensation Committee of OneWater LLC (including its predecessor entity, Singleton Marine) from 2012 until the Reorganization. Mr.
 Lamkin currently serves as the Chief Executive Officer of Sea Oats Group, a family office focused on luxury lifestyle businesses, and has served in this capacity since 2001. In addition to his role at Sea Oats Group, he serves as the Chief
 Executive Officer of Cinnamon Shore, a beach town development in Texas, and he is involved with the development of Lively Beach, a beach town development in Texas. Prior to his positions with Sea Oats Group and Cinnamon Shore, Mr. Lamkin
 spent approximately 16 years in the advertising and marketing industry, specializing in non-traditional media solutions, where he advised many Fortune 100 companies on marketing investments. Mr. Lamkin received a Bachelor of Science with a
 concentration in Management and a minor in Economics from Towson State University. Our Board of Directors believes Mr. Lamkin is qualified to serve on our Board of Directors because of his extensive business experience and his familiarity
 with OneWater LLC. 

16 

Table of Contents 

John F. Schraudenbach has served on our Board of Directors since the closing of our IPO. Mr. Schraudenbach is a partner with The Goodwin Group, an executive retained search firm. Prior to
 joining Goodwin, Mr. Schraudenbach held various positions at Ernst Young for 37 years until his retirement in June 2019. He served as the Americas Senior Client Service Partner at Ernst Young
 beginning in 2014, where he established structure and policies for Ernst Young s Americas Assurance practice. Prior to this, Mr. Schraudenbach was the Managing Partner of Business Development for the Southeast U.S. Region and an Audit
 Partner. Mr. Schraudenbach serves on the University of Georgia Foundation Board as well as various other civic organizations. Mr. Schraudenbach received both a Bachelor and Masters of Accounting
 from the University of Georgia. He was a Certified Public Accountant. Our Board of Directors believes Mr. Schraudenbach is qualified to serve on our Board of Directors because of his substantial financial and audit expertise. 

John G. Troiano has
 served on our Board of Directors since the closing of our IPO and served on the Board of Managers and as Chairman of the Compensation Committee of OneWater LLC from October 2016 until the Reorganization. Mr. Troiano is the Managing Partner
 and CEO of The Beekman Group, which he co-founded in 2004. Mr. Troiano spent two years at the mergers and acquisitions boutique firm Gleacher Company, Inc. before joining Onex Corporation (TSX: ONEX) in 1996, where he became a Managing
 Director in Onex Corporation s New York office in 1999. Mr. Troiano serves on the Board and is a Chairman of numerous Beekman portfolio companies. Mr. Troiano is on the board of two academic institutions and is involved with various
 charitable organizations. Mr. Troiano graduated summa cum laude with a B.S. in Economics from The Wharton School of The University of Pennsylvania with concentrations in Finance and Accounting. Mr. Troiano then earned an M.B.A. from Harvard
 Business School. Our Board of Directors believes Mr. Troiano is qualified to serve on our Board of Directors because of his financial expertise and prior professional experience. 

Keith R. Style has
 served on our Board of Directors since the closing of our IPO and served on the Board of Managers of OneWater LLC from 2015 until the Reorganization. Mr. Style has over 20 years of finance and accounting experience and is a Managing
 Director at The Presidio Group, a leading merchant bank and investment banking advisor in the retail automotive sector. From March 2017 to February 2018, Mr. Style served as interim Chief Financial
 Officer of OneWater LLC. Prior to OneWater LLC, Mr. Style served as the Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Asbury Automotive Group, Inc. (NYSE: ABG) Asbury ), a Fortune 500 company and one of the largest automotive
 retailers in the United States. After joining Asbury in 2003, Mr. Style held various roles in SEC Reporting, Treasury, Compliance, Investor Relations, Risk Management, Dealership Services and Process Innovation. Prior to joining Asbury, Mr.
 Style served in several finance and accounting positions at Sirius Satellite Radio, Inc. (NASDAQ: SIRI). Mr. Style holds a B.A. in Economics and Business from Lafayette College. Our Board of Directors believes that Mr. Style is qualified to
 serve on our Board of Directors because of his industry and public company experience, as well as his financial and leadership background. 

Item 1A. 

Risk Factors.

Investing in our Class A common stock involves risks. Before making any investment decision, you should carefully consider the information in this Form 10-K, including the risks described below, the matters
 addressed under Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements, our consolidated financial statements and the related notes, and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. Some of these risks
 include:

General economic conditions and consumer spending patterns can have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

17 

Table of Contents 

The ongoing COVID-19 pandemic may adversely affect our revenues, results of operations and financial condition.

The availability and costs of borrowed funds can adversely affect our ability to obtain adequate boat inventory, the ability and willingness of our customers to finance boat purchases and our ability to
 fund future acquisitions.

Failure to implement strategies to enhance our performance could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition.

Our success depends, in part, on our ability to continue to make successful acquisitions at attractive or fair prices and to integrate the operations of acquired dealer groups and each dealer group we
 acquire in the future.

We are required to obtain the consent of our manufacturers prior to the acquisition of other dealer groups.

Our failure to successfully order and manage our inventory to reflect consumer demand and to anticipate changing consumer preferences and buying trends could have a material adverse effect on our business,
 financial condition and results of operations.

OneWater Inc. is a holding company. OneWater Inc. s only material asset is its equity interest in OneWater LLC, and OneWater Inc. will accordingly be dependent upon distributions from OneWater LLC to pay
 taxes, make payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement (as defined below) and cover OneWater Inc. s corporate and other overhead expenses.

If we experience any material weaknesses in the future or otherwise fail to develop or maintain an effective system of internal controls in the future, we may not be able to accurately report our financial
 condition or results of operations, which may adversely affect investor confidence in us and, as a result, the value of our Class A common stock.

The Legacy Owners own a significant amount of our voting stock, and their interests may conflict with those of our other stockholders.

In certain cases, payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement may be accelerated and/or significantly exceed the actual benefits, if any, OneWater Inc. realizes in respect of the tax attributes subject to
 the Tax Receivable Agreement.

Our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected by any of these risks or uncertainties discussed herein. The trading price of our Class A common stock could
 decline due to any of these risks discussed herein, and you may lose all or part of your investment. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial also may materially adversely affect
 our business, financial condition, or future results. Certain statements made herein are forward-looking statements.

Risks Related to Our Industry and Competition

Our success depends to a significant extent on our manufacturers, and the loss of certain manufacturers could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of
 operations.

We depend on our manufacturers for the sale of new boats. Sales of new boats from our top ten brands represents approximately 42.9 , 41.1 and 40.4 of total sales for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2021,
 2020 and 2019, respectively, making them major suppliers of our company. Of this amount, Malibu Boats, Inc., including its brands Malibu, Axis, Cobalt, Pursuit, Maverick, Hewes, Cobia and Pathfinder accounted for 17.0 , 17.0 and 15.9 of our
 consolidated revenue for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. Any adverse change in the reputation, product development efforts, technological advancement, expansion of manufacturing capabilities, supply chain
 and third-party suppliers and financial condition of our manufacturers and their respective brands, would have a substantial adverse impact on our business. Any difficulties encountered by our manufacturers resulting from economic, financial,
 or other factors could also adversely affect the quality and amount of new boats and products that they are able to supply to us and the services and support they provide to us.

18 

Table of Contents 

Additionally, any interruption or discontinuance of the operations of our manufacturers, including due to the COVID-19 pandemic or bankruptcy or insolvency, could also cause us to experience shortfalls,
 disruptions, or delays with respect to new boats and inventory. We also enter into renewable annual dealer agreements with manufacturers, and there is no guarantee that we will be able to renew such dealer agreements in the future. We may not
 be able to easily replace the loss of certain manufacturers or brands, including at the necessary quantity, quality or price, and the loss of certain manufacturers or brands may therefore have an adverse material effect on our business, results
 of operations and financial condition.

Boat manufacturers exercise control over our business.

We depend on our dealer agreements, which generally provide for renewable, one-year terms. Through dealer agreements, boat manufacturers exercise control over their dealers, restrict them to specified locations and
 retain approval rights over changes in management and ownership, among other things. The continuation of our dealer agreements with most manufacturers depends upon, among other things, our achieving stated performance goals for customer
 satisfaction ratings and market share penetration in the market served by the applicable dealer group. Failure to meet performance goals and other conditions set forth in any existing or new dealer agreement could have various consequences,
 including the following:

the termination or nonrenewal of the dealer agreement;

the imposition of additional conditions in subsequent dealer agreements;

limitations on boat inventory allocations;

reductions in reimbursement rates for warranty work performed by the dealer;

loss of certain manufacturer-to-dealer incentives;

denial of approval of future acquisitions; or

the loss of exclusive rights to sell in the geographic territory.

These events could have a material adverse effect on our product availability, competitive position and financial performance.

Manufacturer recall campaigns could adversely affect our business.

Manufacturer recall campaigns could adversely affect our new and pre-owned boat sales or customer residual trade-in valuations, could cause us to temporarily remove vehicles from our inventory, could force us to
 incur increased costs and could expose us to litigation and adverse publicity related to the sale of recalled boats, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.

Our business, as well as the entire retail marine industry, is highly seasonal, with seasonality varying in different geographic markets.

Over the three-year period ended September 30, 2021, the average revenue for the quarterly periods ended December 31, March 31, June 30 and September 30 represented approximately 16 , 23 , 36 and 25 ,
 respectively, of our average annual revenue. With the exception of Florida, we generally realize significantly lower sales and higher levels of inventories, and related floor plan borrowings, in the quarterly periods ending December 31 and
 March 31. Revenue generated from our stores in Florida serves to offset generally lower winter revenue in our other states and enables us to maintain a more consistent revenue stream. The onset of the public boat and recreation shows in January
 stimulates boat sales and allows us to reduce our inventory levels and related floor plan borrowings throughout the remainder of the fiscal year. We also have various stores in the Northeast and Midwest region of the United States, which
 typically experience colder temperatures in the winter months. The impact of seasonality on our results of operations could be materially impacted based on the location of our acquisitions. For example, our operations could be substantially
 more seasonal if we acquire additional dealer groups that operate in colder regions of the United States, which are generally closed or experience lower volume in the winter months. Additionally, due to the COVID-19 pandemic, our seasonal
 trends may also change as a result of, among other things, store closures, disruptions to the supply chain and inventory availability, manufacturer delays, and cancellation of boat shows.

19 

Table of Contents 

The failure to receive rebates and other manufacturer incentives on inventory purchases or retail sales could substantially reduce our margins.

We rely on manufacturers programs that provide incentives for dealers to purchase and sell particular boat makes and models or for consumers to buy particular boat makes or models. Any eliminations, reductions,
 limitations or other changes relating to rebate or incentive programs that have the effect of reducing the benefits we receive, whether relating to the ability of manufacturers to pay or our ability to qualify for such incentive programs, could
 increase the effective cost of our boat purchases, reduce our margins and competitive position and have a material adverse effect on our financial performance.

Other recreational activities, poor industry perception, real or perceived human health or safety risks, changing consumer attitudes and environmental conditions can adversely affect the levels
 of boat purchases.

Other recreational activities, poor industry perception, real or perceived human health or safety risks, changing consumer attitudes and environmental conditions can adversely affect the levels of boat purchases.
 Demand for our products can be adversely affected by competition from other activities that occupy consumers time, including other forms of recreation as well as religious, cultural and community activities. In addition, real or perceived
 human health or safety risks from engaging in outdoor activities generally or boating activities specifically could deter consumers from purchasing our products. Local environmental conditions in the areas in which we operate stores could also
 adversely affect the levels of boat purchases, including adverse weather conditions or natural disasters. Changing trends and attitudes toward large discretionary purchases on the part of younger consumers in particular, who may prefer to share
 or borrow a boat rather than incur the expense of ownership, may impact our future sales. Further, as a seller of high-end consumer products, we must compete for discretionary spending with a wide variety of other recreational activities and
 consumer purchases. In addition, perceived hassles of boat ownership and customer service and customer education throughout the retail boat industry, which has traditionally been perceived to be relatively poor, represent impediments to boat
 purchases.

We face intense competition.

We operate in a highly competitive and fragmented environment. In addition to facing competition generally from recreation businesses seeking to attract consumers leisure time and discretionary spending dollars,
 the recreational boat industry itself is highly fragmented, resulting in intense competition for customers, quality products, boat show space and suitable store locations. We rely to a certain extent on boat shows to generate sales. Our
 inability to participate in boat shows in our existing or targeted markets, including cancellations of boat shows in connection with the COVID-19 pandemic, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of
 operations.

We compete primarily with local marine retailers who own three or fewer stores, as well as with a limited number of larger operators, including MarineMax and Bass Pro Shops. Additionally, with respect to sales of
 marine parts, accessories, and equipment, we also compete with national specialty marine parts and accessory stores, online catalog retailers, sporting goods stores, and mass merchants. Competition within the retail marine industry is generally
 based on the quality and variety of available products, the price and value of the products, and attention to customer service. There is significant competition both within markets we currently serve and in new markets that we may enter. We
 compete in each of our markets with retailers of brands of boats and engines we do not sell in that market. In addition, several of our competitors, especially those selling marine equipment and accessories, are large national or regional
 chains that have substantial financial, marketing, and other resources. Private sales of pre-owned boats represent an additional source of competition.

20 

Table of Contents 

Additional competitors, including boat clubs, may enter the businesses in which we currently operate or intend to expand. In particular, an increase in the number of aggregator and price comparison sites for our
 products may negatively impact our sales of these products. If any of our competitors successfully provides a broader, more efficient or attractive combination of services, protection plans, products and resources to our target customers, our
 business results could be materially adversely affected. Our inability to compete effectively with existing or potential competitors could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

Due to various matters, including environmental concerns, permitting and zoning requirements, and competition for waterfront real estate, some markets in the United States have experienced an increased waiting list
 for marina and storage availability. In general, the markets in which we currently operate are not experiencing any unusual difficulties. However, marine retail activity could be adversely affected in markets that do not have sufficient marina
 and storage availability to satisfy demand.

Risks Related to Our Acquisition and Growth Strategies

Failure to implement strategies to enhance our performance could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition.

We are increasing our efforts to grow our repair and maintenance services, parts and accessories, and financing and insurance businesses to better serve our customers and thereby increase revenue and improve
 profitability as a result of these comparatively higher margin businesses. These efforts are designed to increase our revenue and reduce our dependence on the sale of new and pre-owned boats. In addition, we are pursuing strategic acquisitions
 to capitalize upon the consolidation opportunities in the highly fragmented recreational boat dealer industry by acquiring additional dealer groups and related operations and improving their performance and profitability through the
 implementation of our operating strategies. These business initiatives have required, and will continue to require, us to add personnel, invest capital, enter businesses or geographic regions in which we do not have extensive experience and
 encounter substantial competition. As a result, our strategies to enhance our performance may not be successful and we may increase our expenses or write off such investments if not successful.

Our success depends, in part, on our ability to continue to make successful acquisitions at attractive or fair prices and to integrate the operations of acquired dealer groups and each dealer
 group we acquire in the future.

Since the combination of Singleton Marine and Legendary Marine in 2014, we have acquired 50 additional stores through 21 acquisitions. Additionally, we actively evaluate and pursue acquisitions on an ongoing basis,
 and our pipeline of potential acquisitions over the next 12 months currently includes four to six dealer groups. Each acquired dealer group operated independently prior to our acquisition. Our success depends, in part, on our ability to
 continue to make successful acquisitions at attractive or fair prices that align with our culture and focus on customer service and to integrate the operations of acquired dealer groups, including centralizing certain functions to achieve cost
 savings and pursuing programs and processes that promote cooperation and the sharing of opportunities and resources among our stores. We may not be able to oversee the combined entity efficiently, realize anticipated synergies or effectively
 implement our growth and operating strategies. To the extent that we successfully pursue our acquisition strategy, our resulting growth will place significant additional demands on our management and infrastructure. Our failure to successfully
 pursue our acquisition strategies or effectively operate the combined entity could have a material adverse effect on our rate of growth and operating performance.

Unforeseen expenses, difficulties and delays frequently encountered in connection with expansion through acquisitions could inhibit our growth and negatively impact our profitability.

Our growth strategy of acquiring additional marine retailers involves significant risks. This strategy entails reviewing and potentially reorganizing acquired business operations, corporate infrastructure and
 systems, and financial controls. Unforeseen expenses (including potential environmental legacy liabilities due to spills or other releases of regulated substances on or under real properties or resulting from a failure to comply with laws and
 regulations), difficulties and delays frequently encountered in connection with rapid expansion through acquisitions could inhibit our growth and negatively impact our profitability. We may be unable to identify suitable acquisition candidates
 or to complete the acquisitions of candidates that we identify. Increased competition for acquisition candidates or increased asking prices by acquisition candidates may increase purchase prices for acquisitions to levels beyond our financial
 capability or to levels that would not result in expected returns required by our acquisition criteria to be in the best interest of stockholders or bondholders. Acquisitions also may become more difficult or less attractive in the future as we
 acquire more of the most attractive dealer groups that best align with our culture and focus on customer service. In addition, we may encounter difficulties in integrating the operations of acquired dealer groups with our own operations, in
 retaining employees, in retaining and maintaining relationships with customers, suppliers or other business contacts, and in managing acquired dealer groups profitably without substantial costs, delays or other operational or financial
 problems. As part of our growth strategy, we generally retain existing key staff, including senior management, when we complete an acquisition. There can be no assurance that we will be able to retain dealer groups key staff, including senior
 management, when we complete an acquisition in the future and failure to do so could adversely affect our businesses.

21 

Table of Contents 

We may issue common or preferred stock and incur substantial indebtedness in making future acquisitions. The size, timing, and integration of any future acquisitions may cause substantial fluctuations in operating
 results from quarter to quarter. Consequently, operating results for any quarter may not be indicative of the results that may be achieved for any subsequent quarter or for a full fiscal year. These fluctuations could adversely affect the
 market price of our common stock.

Our ability to continue to grow through the acquisition of additional dealer groups will depend upon various factors, including the following:

the availability of suitable acquisition candidates at attractive purchase prices;

the ability to compete effectively for available acquisition opportunities;

the availability of cash on hand, borrowed funds, common stock with a sufficient market price or other sources of financing to complete the acquisitions;

the ability to obtain any requisite manufacturer, governmental or other required approvals;

the ability to obtain approval of our lenders under our current credit agreements; and

the absence of one or more manufacturers attempting to impose unsatisfactory restrictions on us in connection with their approval of acquisitions.

As a part of our acquisition strategy, we frequently engage in discussions with various marine retail groups regarding their potential acquisition by us. In connection with these discussions, we and each potential
 acquisition candidate exchange confidential operational and financial information, conduct due diligence inquiries and consider the structure, terms, and conditions of the potential acquisition. In certain cases, the prospective acquisition
 candidate agrees not to discuss a potential acquisition with any other party for a specific period of time, grants us an option to purchase the prospective dealer group for a designated price during a specific time period, and agrees to take
 other actions designed to enhance the possibility of the acquisition, such as preparing audited financial information and converting its accounting system to the system specified by us. Potential acquisition discussions frequently take place
 over a long period of time and involve difficult business integration and other issues, including in some cases management succession and related matters. As a result of these and other factors, a number of potential acquisitions that from time
 to time appear likely to occur do not result in binding legal agreements and are not consummated.

We are required to obtain the consent of our manufacturers prior to the acquisition of other dealer groups.

In determining whether to approve acquisitions, manufacturers may consider many factors, including our financial condition and ownership structure. Manufacturers may also impose conditions on granting their
 approvals for acquisitions, including a limitation on the number of their dealers that we may acquire. Our ability to meet manufacturers requirements for approving future acquisitions will have a direct bearing on our ability to complete
 acquisitions and effect our growth strategy. There can be no assurance that a manufacturer will not terminate its dealer agreement, refuse to renew its dealer agreement, refuse to approve future acquisitions or take other action that could have
 a material adverse effect on our acquisition program.

22 

Table of Contents 

Our growth strategy also entails expanding our product lines and geographic scope by obtaining additional distribution rights from our existing and new manufacturers. We may not be able to secure additional
 distribution rights or obtain suitable alternative sources of supply if we are unable to obtain such distribution rights. The inability to expand our product lines and geographic scope by obtaining additional distribution rights could have a
 material adverse effect on the growth and profitability of our business.

Our internal growth and operating strategies of opening new stores and offering new products involve risk.

In addition to pursuing growth by acquiring boat dealer groups, we intend to continue to pursue a strategy of growth through opening new stores and offering new products in our existing and new territories.
 Accomplishing these goals for expansion will depend upon a number of factors, including the following:

our ability to identify new markets in which we can obtain distribution rights to sell our existing or additional product lines;

our ability to lease or construct suitable facilities at a reasonable cost in existing or new markets;

our ability to hire, train and retain qualified personnel;

the timely and effective integration of new stores into existing operations;

our ability to achieve adequate market penetration at favorable operating margins without the acquisition of existing dealer groups; and

our financial resources.

Our dealer agreements require manufacturer consent to open or change store locations that sell certain products. We may not be able to open and operate new store locations or introduce new product lines on a timely
 or profitable basis. Moreover, the costs associated with opening new store locations or introducing new product lines may adversely affect our profitability.

As a result of these growth strategies, we expect to continue to expend significant time and effort in opening and acquiring new store locations, improving existing store locations in our current markets, and
 introducing new products. Our systems, procedures, controls, and financial resources may not be adequate to support expanding operations. The inability to manage our growth effectively could have a material adverse effect on our business,
 financial condition and results of operations.

Our planned growth also will impose significant added responsibilities on members of senior management and require us to identify, recruit, and integrate additional senior level managers. We may not be able to
 identify, hire or train suitable additions to management.

Our growth strategy may require us to secure significant additional capital, the amount of which will depend upon the size, timing and structure of future acquisitions and our working capital
 and general corporate needs.

If we finance future acquisitions in whole or in part through the issuance of common stock or securities convertible into or exercisable for common stock, existing stockholders will experience dilution in the
 voting power of their common stock and earnings per share could be negatively impacted. The extent to which we will be able and willing to use our common stock for acquisitions will depend on the market value of our common stock and the
 willingness of potential sellers to accept our common stock as full or partial consideration. Our inability to use our common stock as consideration, to generate cash from operations or to obtain additional funding through debt or equity
 financings in order to pursue our acquisition program could materially limit our growth.

Any borrowings made to finance future acquisitions or for operations could make us more vulnerable to a downturn in our operating results, a downturn in economic conditions, or increases in interest rates on
 borrowings that are subject to interest rate fluctuations. If our cash flow from operations is insufficient to meet our debt service requirements, we could be required to sell additional equity securities, refinance our obligations or dispose
 of assets in order to meet our debt service requirements. In addition, our credit arrangements contain financial covenants and other restrictions with which we must comply, including limitations on the incurrence of additional indebtedness.
 Adequate financing may not be available if and when we need it or may not be available on terms acceptable to us. The failure to obtain sufficient financing on favorable terms and conditions could have a material adverse effect on our growth
 prospects and our business, financial condition and results of operations. For additional information relating to our credit arrangements, see Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Debt
 Agreements in this Form 10-K.

With our growth and diversification strategy into marine related parts and accessories with the acquisitions of T-H Marine
 and PartsVu, we now import, assemble and manufacturer marine parts and accessories, which could expose us to potential increased costs and certain additional risks.

In calendar 2021, we completed our acquisitions of T-H Marine and PartsVu. The acquisitions expanded our business to include the import,
 assembly, manufacture and sale of marine parts and accessories. We may invest considerable resources to develop, import, warehouse and distribute new and existing products, and there is no assurance that they will be successful. Consequently,
 we might curtail or abandon them at any time, which could result in asset impairments and inventory write-downs.

Factors that could cause us to curtail or abandon one of such products include unexpected or increased costs or delays in development, excessive
 demands on management resources, legal or regulatory constraints, changes in consumer demands, preferences and shopping patterns regarding boat parts and accessories, or a determination that consumer demand no longer supports the product.
 Additional risks relating to such product offerings include product liability and product recalls for which we do not have third-party indemnification and contractual rights or remedies; increasing costs for labor or raw materials used to
 manufacture products; our ability to successfully protect our proprietary rights (e.g., defending against counterfeit or otherwise unauthorized goods); our ability to successfully navigate and avoid claims related to the proprietary rights of
 third parties; and our ability to successfully administer and comply with obligations under license agreements that we have with third-party licensors of certain brands.

23 

Table of Contents 

Risks Related to Our Operations

The availability and costs of borrowed funds can adversely affect our ability to obtain adequate boat inventory, the ability and willingness of our customers to finance boat purchases and our
 ability to fund future acquisitions.

The availability and costs of borrowed funds can adversely affect our ability to obtain and maintain adequate boat inventory and the holding costs of that inventory, the ability and willingness of our customers to
 finance boat purchases and our ability to fund future acquisitions.

OneWater LLC and certain of its subsidiaries are parties to the Inventory Financing Facility, which consists of uncommitted inventory floorplan financing of up to 392.5 million as of September 30, 2021. The
 Inventory Financing Facility has a maturity date of January 1, 2022, which we are actively seeking to extend. Failure to extend or source alternative financing arrangements could adversely impact our business. As of September 30, 2021 and 2020,
 we had an aggregate of 114.2 million and 124.0 million, respectively, outstanding under the Inventory Financing Facility. We rely on the Inventory Financing Facility to purchase and maintain our inventory of boats. The collateral for the
 Inventory Financing Facility consists primarily of our inventory that is financed through the Inventory Financing Facility and related assets, including accounts receivable, bank accounts and proceeds of the foregoing, and excludes the
 collateral that underlies the Credit Facility.

Effective July 22, 2020, we entered into the Credit Agreement (the Credit Facility and together with the Inventory Financing Facility, the Credit Facilities with Truist Bank as administrative agent, collateral
 agent, swingline lender and issuing bank, SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc. and Synovus Bank as joint lead arrangers and joint bookrunners, Synovus Bank as documentation agent, and the lenders from time to time party thereto. The Credit Facility
 provides for a 30.0 million revolving credit facility that may be used for revolving credit loans (including up to 5.0 million in swingline loans) and up to 5.0 million in letters of credit from time to time, and a 80.0 million term loan,
 which was advanced in full on July 22, 2020. Subject to certain conditions, the available amount under the revolving credit facility and the term loans may be increased by 50.0 million in the aggregate. The revolving credit facility matures on
 July 22, 2025. The term loan is repayable in installments beginning on March 31, 2021, with the remainder due on July 22, 2025. On February 2, 2021, we entered into the Incremental Amendment No. 1 (the First Incremental Amendment to the
 Credit Facility to provide for, among other things, an incremental term loan (the Incremental Term Loan to OWAO in an aggregate principal amount equal to 30.0 million, which was added to, and constitutes a part of, the existing 80.0
 million term loan. As provided for by the First Incremental Amendment, the proceeds of the Incremental Term Loan were used to pay off the balance of the revolving credit facility, under which an aggregate of 30.0 million was outstanding as of
 February 1, 2021. On November 30, 2021, we entered into the Incremental Amendment No. 2 (the Second Incremental Amendment to the Credit Facility to provide for, among other things, an incremental term loan
 (the Second Incremental Term Loan to OWAO in an aggregate principal amount equal to 200.0 million, which will be added to, and constitute a part of, the existing 110.0 million term loan. The Second Incremental Term Loan is on the same
 terms (including interest rates, but excluding upfront fees, original issue discount and other similar amounts) applicable to the existing term loan under the Credit Facility and the other loan documents. As provide for by the Second
 Incremental Amendment, the proceeds of the Second Incremental Term Loan were used to finance the Company s acquisition of T-H Marine. The maturity date for the Second Incremental Term Loan is the earlier of (i) July 22, 2025 or (ii) the date
 on which the principal amount of all outstanding term loans have been declared or automatically have become due and payable pursuant to the terms of the Credit Facility. The Second Incremental Amendment further provides for a 20.0 million
 increase in the existing revolving commitment (the Incremental Revolving Increase ), which was added to, and constitutes a part of, the existing 30.0 million revolving commitment. The Incremental Revolving Increase constitutes a single
 class of revolving commitments with the existing revolving commitment. The Incremental Revolving Increase is secured by identical collateral and guaranties on identical terms as the existing revolving commitment. The maturity date for the
 Incremental Revolving Increase is the earlier of (i) July 22, 2025 and (ii) the date on which the Revolving Commitments (as defined in the Credit Facility) are terminated pursuant to the terms of the Credit Facility. 

24 

Table of Contents 

As of September 30, 2021, we had 105.9 million outstanding under the loan and no amount outstanding under the revolving line of credit.

Our ability to borrow under the Credit Facilities depends on our ability to continue to satisfy our covenants and other obligations under the Credit Facilities. In particular, our ability to borrow under our
 Inventory Financing Facility depends on the ability of our manufacturers to be approved vendors under our Inventory Financing Facility. The aging of our inventory limits our borrowing capacity as defined curtailments under the Inventory
 Financing Facility reduce the allowable advance rate as our inventory ages. Depressed economic conditions, as a result of COVID-19 or otherwise, weak consumer spending, turmoil in the credit markets and lender difficulties, among other
 potential reasons, could interfere with our ability to maintain compliance with our debt covenants and to utilize the Credit Facilities to fund our operations. Accordingly, under such circumstances, it may be necessary for us to close stores,
 further reduce our expense structure, liquidate inventory below cost to free up capital, or modify the covenants with our lenders. Any inability to utilize the Credit Facilities or the acceleration of amounts owed, resulting from a covenant
 violation, insufficient collateral or lender difficulties, could require us to seek other sources of funding to repay amounts outstanding under the Credit Facilities or replace or supplement the Credit Facilities, which may not be possible at
 all or under commercially reasonable terms. As of September 30, 2021, we were in compliance with all of the covenants under our Credit Facilities and our additional available borrowings under the Credit Facilities were approximately 312.4
 million in the aggregate based upon the outstanding borrowings and maximum facility amounts.

Additionally, the replacement of LIBOR could materially adversely affect our revenue or expenses and the value of those assets or obligations. LIBOR and certain other benchmarks are the subject of recent
 national, international, and other regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. These reforms may cause such benchmarks to perform differently than in the past or have other consequences which cannot be predicted. On July 27, 2017, the United
 Kingdom s Financial Conduct Authority, which regulates LIBOR, publicly announced that it intends to stop persuading or compelling banks to submit LIBOR rates after 2021. The announcement indicates that the continuation of LIBOR on the current
 basis cannot be guaranteed after 2021. While there is no consensus on what rate or rates may become accepted alternatives to LIBOR, a group of large banks and the Alternative Reference Rate Committee ARRC selected, and the Federal Reserve
 Bank of New York in May 2018 started to publish, the Secured Overnight Finance Rate SOFR as an alternative to LIBOR. SOFR is a broad measure of the cost of borrowing cash overnight collateralized by Treasury securities, given the depth and
 robustness of the U.S. Treasury repurchase market.

As a result and with the expectation that the publication of LIBOR will cease by the end of 2021, the Inventory Financing Facility was amended via the Third Amendment such that, effective as of October 1, 2021, the
 interest rate applied to the loans provided pursuant to the Inventory Financing Facility will no longer be calculated using LIBOR but instead calculated using SOFR (as further described in the Third Amendment). SOFR will fluctuate with changing
 market conditions and, as SOFR increases, our interest expense will mechanically increase. The market transition away from LIBOR to an alternative reference rate, including the conversion of our LIBOR-based loans to SOFR, is complex and could
 have a range of material adverse effects on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. In particular, any such transition could:

adversely affect the interest rates paid, and the expenses associated with, our obligations, loans and other financial instruments tied to LIBOR rates, due to the significant differences between LIBOR and SOFR;

result in disputes, litigation, or other actions with counterparties regarding the interpretation and enforceability of certain fallback language contained in the Inventory Financing Facility; and/or

require the transition to or development of appropriate systems to effectively transition from LIBOR-based loans to those based on SOFR or another applicable alternative pricing benchmark.

Similarly, decreases in the availability of credit and increases in the cost of credit could adversely affect the ability of our customers to purchase boats from us and thereby adversely affect our ability to sell
 our products and impact the profitability of our finance and insurance activities. For example, tight credit conditions during each fiscal year beginning with fiscal year 2008 and continuing through fiscal year 2011 adversely affected the
 ability of customers to finance boat purchases, which had a negative effect on our operating results.

25 

Table of Contents 

Increases in fuel prices may adversely affect our business.

All of the recreational boats we sell are powered by gasoline or diesel engines. Consequently, a significant increase in the price or tax on the sale of fuel on a regional or national basis could have a material
 adverse effect on our sales and operating results. Increases in fuel prices (such as those that occurred during 2008) negatively impact boat sales. The price of or tax on fuels may significantly increase in the future, adversely affecting our
 business.

Our sales may be adversely affected by a material increase in interest rates and adverse changes in fiscal policy or credit market conditions.

Over the past several years, our economy has been positively impacted by historically unprecedented low interest rates. Such interest rates are driven by the policies of the Federal Reserve System. Although
 interest rates generally increased in 2018 and decreased in 2019 and 2020, and have remained low in 2021 (to date), there can be no assurance as to what actions the Federal Reserve System will take in the future. Any change in interest rates or
 the market expectation of such change may result in significantly higher long-term interest rates.

Given that we sell products that are often financed, a material increase in interest rates and adverse changes in fiscal policy or credit market conditions may negatively impact our customers ability or desire to
 purchase our products. In addition, such an increase or adverse change could reduce the availability or increase the costs of obtaining new debt and refinancing existing indebtedness or negatively impact the market price of our common stock.

The availability of boat insurance is critical to our success.

The ability of our customers to secure reasonably affordable boat insurance that is satisfactory to lenders that finance our customers purchases is critical to our success. Historically, affordable boat insurance
 has been available. However, as a severe storm approaches land, insurance providers cease underwriting until the storm passes. This loss of insurance prevents or delays lenders from lending. As a result, sales of boats can be temporarily halted
 making our revenue difficult to predict and causing sales to be delayed or potentially cancelled. Any difficulty of customers to obtain affordable boat insurance could impede boat sales and adversely affect our business.

Our failure to successfully order and manage our inventory to reflect consumer demand and to anticipate changing consumer preferences and buying trends, or the lack of inventory generally in the
 industry, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

Our success depends upon our ability to procure sufficient inventory for our needs and to successfully manage our inventory and to anticipate and respond to product trends and consumer demands in a timely manner.
 Our products appeal to consumers across a number of states who are, or could become, boat owners. The preferences of these consumers cannot be predicted with certainty and are subject to change. Further, the retail consumer industry, by its
 nature, is volatile and sensitive to numerous economic factors, including consumer preferences, competition, market conditions, general economic conditions and other factors outside of our control. For example, the impact of COVID-19 on our
 suppliers and the recent increase in demand for marine retail products has led to industry-wide supply chain constraints. We have experienced inventory shortages in new and pre-owned boats in fiscal year 2021, and it is possible that further
 shortages could occur. We cannot predict consumer preferences with certainty, and consumer preferences often change over time. We typically order product several months in advance, although such orders are not binding until the merchandise is
 delivered to our stores. The extended lead times for many of our purchases may make it difficult for us to respond rapidly to new or changing product trends, increases or decreases in consumer demand or changes in prices. If we misjudge either
 the market for our products or our consumers purchasing habits in the future, our revenues may decline significantly and we may not have sufficient quantities of product to satisfy consumer demand or sales orders or we may be required to
 discount excess inventory, either of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

26 

Table of Contents 

We depend on our ability to attract and retain customers.

Our future success depends in large part upon our ability to attract and retain customers for our boat sales, repair and maintenance services, parts and accessories and F I products. The extent to which we
 achieve growth in our customer base and retain existing customers materially influences our profitability. Any number of factors could affect our ability to grow and maintain our customer base. These factors include consumer preferences, the
 frequency with which customers utilize our products, repair and maintenance services and F I products, general economic conditions, our ability to maintain our store locations, weather conditions, the availability of alternative services,
 protection plans, products and resources, significant increases in gasoline prices, the disposable income of consumers available for discretionary expenditures and the external perception of our brands. Any significant decline in our customer
 base, or the usage of our services, protection plans or products by our customers could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

We depend on income from financing, insurance and extended service contracts.

A portion of our income results from referral fees derived from the placement or marketing of various F I products, consisting of customer financing, insurance products and extended service contracts, the most
 significant component of which is the participation and other fees resulting from our sale of customer financing contracts.

The availability of financing for our boat purchasers and the level of participation and other fees we receive in connection with such financing depend on the particular agreement between us and the lender and the
 current interest rate environment. Lenders may impose terms in their boat financing arrangements with us that may be unfavorable to us or our customers, resulting in reduced demand for our customer financing programs and lower participation and
 other fees. Laws or regulations may be enacted nationally or locally which could result in fees from lenders being eliminated or reduced, materially impacting our operating results. If customer financing becomes more difficult to secure, it may
 adversely impact our business.

Changes, including the lengthening of manufacturer warranties, may reduce our ability to offer and sell extended service contracts which may have a material adverse impact on our ability to sell F I products.
 Moreover, these products are subject to complex federal and state laws and regulations. There can be no assurance that regulatory authorities in the jurisdictions in which these products are offered will not seek to regulate or restrict these
 products. Failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations could result in fines or other penalties including orders by state regulators to discontinue sales of the warranty products in one or more jurisdictions. Such a result could
 materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition.

The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act Dodd-Frank Act established a consumer financial protection bureau with broad regulatory powers. Although boat dealers are generally excluded, the
 Dodd-Frank Act could lead to additional, indirect regulation of boat dealers through its regulation of other financial institutions which provide such financing to our customers.

The reduction of profit margins on sales of F I products or the lack of demand for or the unavailability of these products could have a material adverse effect on our operating margins.

Our operations are dependent upon key personnel and team members.

Our success depends, in large part, upon our ability to attract, train, and retain qualified team members and executive officers, as well as the continuing efforts and abilities of team members and executive
 officers. Although we have employment agreements with certain of our executive officers and management succession plans, we cannot ensure that these or other executive personnel and team members will remain with us, or that our succession
 planning will adequately mitigate the risk associated with key personnel transitions. Expanding our operations may require us to add additional executive personnel and team members in the future. As a result of our decentralized operating
 strategy, we also rely on the management teams of our dealer groups. In addition, we likely will depend on the senior management of any significant businesses we acquire in the future. The loss of the services of one or more key employees
 before we are able to attract and retain qualified replacement personnel could adversely affect our business. Additionally, our ability to manage our personnel costs and operating expenses is subject to external factors such as unemployment
 levels, prevailing wage rates, healthcare and other benefit costs, changing demographics and our reputation and relevance within the labor markets where we are located. Increases in the prevailing wage rates due to competitive market pressures
 or other factors could increase our personnel costs and operating expenses and have a material adverse effect on our business.

27 

Table of Contents 

The products we sell or service may expose us to potential liability for personal injury, product liability or property damage claims relating to the use of those products.

Manufacturers of the products we sell generally maintain product liability insurance. We maintain third-party liability insurance with respect to the sale and servicing of boats and other watercrafts but do not
 maintain product liability insurance. We may therefore experience claims that are not covered by our insurance coverage. While we have not experienced material losses related to product liability, personal injury or property damage claims in
 the past, we could be exposed to such claims or losses in the future. The institution of any significant claims against us could subject us to damages, result in higher insurance costs and harm our business reputation with potential customers.

If we cannot dispose of pre-owned boats acquired through our trade-in or direct purchase processes at prices that allow us to recover its costs, our profitability will be adversely affected.

The resale values of any pre-owned boats that we acquire through trade-ins or direct purchase may be lower than our estimates, which are based on expected retail sales prices. If the resale value of the pre-owned
 boats we acquire is lower than our estimates and/or we are not able to resell them timely or at all, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.

Additionally, certain pre-owned boats or other vehicles that we acquire through trade-ins may fail to meet our retail quality standards. Instead, we sell these units through a wholesale process. If the prices that
 we receive for our pre-owned boats sold in this process are not sufficient to cover the prices paid or credit given at trade-in for such pre-owned boats, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and
 financial condition.

Our sales of boats produced by certain foreign manufacturers expose us to international political, economic, and other risks.

Our sales of boats produced by Absolute S.p.A. in Italy; Prestige, a division of Beneteau S.A., in France; Riviera Australia Pty. Ltd. in Australia; and Sunseeker International in the United Kingdom, as well as any
 other non-U.S. manufacturer whose products we may sell in the future, expose us to international political, economic and other risks. We also import certain boat components from international suppliers which could further our exposure to such
 international risks. Protectionist trade legislation in the United States, the European Union, and other countries, such as changes in current tariff structures, export or import compliance laws, or other trade policies could adversely affect
 our ability to import boats or boat components from these foreign suppliers under economically favorable terms and conditions.

There have been recent changes, and future, additional changes may occur, to United States and foreign trade and tax policies, including heightened import restrictions, import and export licenses, new tariffs,
 trade embargoes, government sanctions or trade barriers. Any of these restrictions could prevent or make it difficult or more costly for us to import boats and boat components from foreign suppliers under economically favorable terms and
 conditions. Increased tariffs could require us to increase our prices which likely could decrease demand for our products. In addition, other countries may limit their trade with the United States or retaliate through their own restrictions
 and/or increased tariffs which would affect our ability to export products and therefore adversely affect our sales.

Our foreign purchase of boats and boat components creates a number of logistical and communications challenges. The economic, political and other risks we face resulting from these foreign purchases include the
 following:

compliance with U.S. and local laws and regulatory requirements as well as changes in those laws and requirements;

transportation delays or interruptions and other effects of less developed infrastructures;

limitations on imports and exports;

foreign exchange rate fluctuations;

28 

Table of Contents 

imposition of restrictions on currency conversion or the transfer of funds;

maintenance of quality standards;

unexpected changes in regulatory requirements;

differing labor regulations;

potentially adverse tax consequences;

possible employee turnover or labor unrest;

the burdens and costs of compliance with a variety of foreign laws; and

political or economic instability.

We have established online marketplaces and a failure in such online operations, security breaches and cybersecurity risks could disrupt our business and lead to reduced sales and growth
 prospects and reputational damage.

Consumers are increasingly embracing shopping online and through mobile commerce applications. However, consumer preferences and e-commerce buying trends could change, and we may be vulnerable to additional risks
 and uncertainties associated with online sales, including rapid changes in technology, website downtime and other technical failures, security breaches, cyber-attacks, consumer privacy concerns, changes in state tax regimes and government
 regulation of internet activities. Online marketplaces may also increase our access to sensitive, confidential or personal data or information that is subject to data privacy and information security laws and regulations. Our failure to
 successfully respond to these risks and uncertainties could reduce our online sales, increase our costs, diminish our growth prospects and damage our brands, and subject us to regulatory fines or investigations, which could negatively impact
 our results of operations and stock price. In addition, there is no guarantee that we will be able to successfully expand our online platforms. Our competitors may have e-commerce businesses that are substantially larger and more developed than
 ours, which could place us at a competitive disadvantage. If we are unable to expand our online platforms, our growth plans could suffer, and the price of our common stock could decline.

We may be unable to enforce our intellectual property rights and we may be accused of infringing the intellectual property rights of third parties, which could have a material adverse effect on
 our business, financial condition and results of operations.

We rely on a number of trade names with respect to the dealer groups that we have acquired, which we do not re-brand under our OneWater mark. If any of our or the dealer groups current trade names or any
 trademarks that we or they may own in the future become generic or if third parties adopt marks similar to such marks, our ability to differentiate our dealer groups may be adversely affected, we could lose brand recognition and be forced to
 devote additional resources to advertising and marketing for our dealer groups. From time to time, we may be compelled to protect our intellectual property, which may involve litigation. Such litigation may be time-consuming, expensive and
 distract our management from running the day-to-day operations of our business, and could result in the impairment or loss of the involved intellectual property. There is no guarantee that the steps we take to protect our intellectual property,
 including litigation when necessary, will be successful.

Competitors or other third parties also may claim that we are infringing upon, misappropriating or otherwise violating their intellectual property rights. Litigation related to such claims, whether or not
 meritorious, may result in injunctions against us or the payment of damages. Even if intellectual property claims do not result in litigation or are resolved in our favor, these claims, and the time and resources necessary to resolve them,
 could divert the resources of our management and require significant expenditures. Any of the foregoing could prevent us from competing effectively and could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial
 condition.

29 

Table of Contents 

Changes in the assumptions used to calculate our acquisition related contingent consideration liabilities could have a material adverse impact on our financial results.

Some of our acquisitions have included, and future acquisitions may include, contingent consideration liabilities relating to payments based on the future performance of the operations acquired. Under generally
 accepted accounting principles, we are required to estimate the fair value of any contingent consideration. Our estimates of fair value are based upon assumptions believed to be reasonable but which are uncertain and involve significant
 judgments. Changes in business conditions or other events could materially change the projection of future earnings used in the fair value calculations of contingent consideration liabilities. We reassess the fair value quarterly, and increases
 or decreases based on the actual or expected future performance of the acquired operations will be recorded in our results of operations. These quarterly adjustments could have a material effect on our results of operations.

An impairment in the carrying value of long-lived assets, goodwill and identifiable intangible assets could negatively impact our financial results and net worth.

Our long-lived assets, such as property and equipment, are required to be reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstance indicate that the carrying value of an asset may not be recoverable. As
 of September 30, 2021, we have approximately 67.1 million of property and equipment, net of accumulated depreciation, recorded on our consolidated balance sheet. Recoverability of an asset is measured by comparison of its carrying amount to
 undiscounted future net cash flows the asset is expected to generate. If such assets are considered to be impaired, the impairment to be recognized is measured as the amount by which the carrying amount of the asset exceeds its fair market
 value. Estimates of expected future cash flows represent our best estimate based on currently available information and reasonable and supportable assumptions. Our impairment loss calculations contain uncertainties because they require us to
 make assumptions and to apply judgment in order to estimate expected future cash flows.

Additionally, our goodwill and identifiable intangible assets are recorded at fair value at the time of acquisition and is not amortized, but reviewed for impairment at least annually or more frequently if
 impairment indicators arise. In evaluating the potential for impairment of goodwill, we make assumptions regarding industry conditions, our future financial performance, and other factors. Uncertainties are inherent in evaluating and applying
 these factors to the assessment of goodwill. While we do not believe there is currently a reasonable likelihood that there will be a change in the judgments and assumptions used in our assessments of goodwill and long-lived assets which would
 result in a material effect on our operating results, we cannot predict whether events or circumstances will change in the future that could result in non-cash impairment charges that could adversely impact our financial results and net worth.

Our same-store sales may fluctuate and may not be a meaningful indicator of future performance.

Our same-store sales may vary from quarter to quarter. A number of factors have historically affected, and will continue to affect, our same-store sales results, including:

changes or anticipated changes to regulations related to some of the products we sell;

consumer preferences, buying trends and overall economic trends;

our ability to identify and respond effectively to local and regional trends and customer preferences;

our ability to provide quality customer service that will increase our conversion of shoppers into paying customers;

competition in the regional market of a store;

atypical weather patterns;

changes in our product availability and mix;

30 

Table of Contents 

changes in sales of services; and

changes in pricing and average unit sales.

An unanticipated decline in revenues or same-store sales may cause the price of our Class A common stock to fluctuate significantly.

We primarily lease our stores. If we are unable to maintain those leases or locate alternative sites for our stores in our target markets and on terms that are acceptable to us, our revenues and
 profitability could be adversely affected.

We currently lease 68 of the real properties where we have retail operations. Most stores operate under long-term leases with an initial term of at least 10 years and one or more renewal options for an additional 5
 to 10 years. Additionally, we have entered into dealership leases with certain related parties for which we incurred 2.3 million in lease expense in the fiscal year ended September 30, 2021. There can be no assurance that we will be able to
 maintain our existing store locations as leases expire, extend the leases or be able to locate alternative sites in our target markets and on favorable terms. Any failure to maintain our existing store locations, extend the leases or locate
 alternative sites on favorable or acceptable terms could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

Risks Related to Environmental and Geographic Factors

Climatic events may adversely impact our operations, disrupt the business of our third party vendors on whom we rely upon for products and services, and may not be adequately covered by our
 insurance.

Climatic events in the areas where we operate can cause disruptions and in some cases delays or suspensions in our operations that may adversely impact our business. For example, the physical effects of
 unseasonably wet weather, extended periods of below freezing weather, tropical storms, hurricanes or other natural disasters occurring on land or in the Gulf of Mexico or Atlantic Ocean may force boating areas to close or render boating
 dangerous or inconvenient, which could result in curtailment of customer demand for our products and services. Similarly, drought conditions arising from minimal or reduced rainfall events may have a similar effect in respect of the
 availability of boating areas or usable dock space, and result in reduced interest in boating activities. One or more of these climatic events may result in physical damage to, or closure of, one or more of our facilities, inadequate work force
 in our markets, and disruption or reduction in the availability of products at our stores. Concerns regarding global changes in climate could also adversely affect the levels of boat purchases. In addition, unseasonably cool weather and
 prolonged winter conditions may lead to shorter selling seasons in certain locations. Many of our stores sell boats to customers for use on reservoirs, thereby subjecting our business to the continued viability of these reservoirs for boating
 use.

In addition, the physical effects of climatic events, including wintry conditions, tropical storms or hurricanes, tornadoes, fires, floods and other natural disasters could result in the disruption of our
 operations and/or third party supply chain vendors on whom we rely upon for products and services, including boat deliveries from manufacturers, or damage to our boat inventories and facilities as has been the case when the Southeast and Gulf
 Coast regions and other markets have been affected by hurricanes. Such disruptions in our supply chain could damage our on-site inventory at our stores or cause serious limitations or delays in the operations of our stores. We maintain
 hurricane and casualty insurance, subject to deductibles. Our planning for normal climatic variation, insurance programs and emergency recovery plans may inadequately mitigate the effects of such climatic conditions, and not all such effects
 can be predicted, eliminated or insured against. Accordingly, while we traditionally maintain property and casualty insurance coverage for damage caused by climatic events such as severe weather or other natural disasters, there can be no
 assurance that such insurance coverage is adequate to cover losses that we may sustain as a result thereof.

A significant amount of our boat sales are from the Southeast and Gulf Coast regions.

Economic conditions, weather and environmental conditions, competition, market conditions and any other adverse conditions impacting the Southeast and Gulf Coast regions of the United States, in which we generated
 approximately 80 , 75 and 75 of our revenue during fiscal years 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively, could have a major impact on our operations.

31 

Table of Contents 

Environmental and other regulatory issues may impact our operations.

Our operations are subject to stringent federal, state and local laws and regulations governing such matters as finance and insurance, consumer protection, consumer privacy, escheatment, anti-money laundering,
 releases, discharges and emissions or other releases into the environment and environmental protection, human health and safety, and employment practices, including wage and hour and anti-discrimination legal requirements. These laws and
 regulations affect many aspects of our operations, such as requiring the acquisition and renewal of permits, licenses and other governmental approvals to conduct regulated activities, including the retail sale of recreational boats, restricting
 the manner in which we use, handle, store, recycle, transport and dispose of our discarded substances and wastes, responding to and performing investigatory, remedial and corrective actions with respect to any discharges and emissions or other
 release of regulated substances, requiring capital and operating expenditures to construct, maintain and upgrade pollution control and containment equipment and facilities, imposing specific human health and safety criteria addressing worker
 protection, and imposing liabilities for failure to comply with applicable environmental or other legal requirements, pollution incidents or inappropriate payment or treatment of our workers with respect to our operations. The failure to
 satisfy those and other legal requirements could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. In addition, failure to comply with those and other legal requirements, or with U.S. trade
 sanctions, the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and other applicable laws or regulations could result in the assessment of damages, the imposition of sanctions including monetary penalties, changes to our processes, or a delay, suspension or
 cessation of our operations, as well as damage to our image and reputation, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.

Numerous governmental agencies, including OSHA, the EPA and similar federal agencies as well as analogous state and local agencies regulate and maintain enforcement authority over the operation of our stores,
 repair facilities, and other operations, with respect to matters such as consumer protection, human safety and environmental protection, including any contamination of or releases into ambient air, surficial and subsurface soils, surface water
 and groundwater. Marine engine manufacturers are subject to emissions standards imposed under the CAA, and the EPA has enacted a number of legal requirements imposing more stringent emissions standards for two-cycle, gasoline outboard marine
 engines. It is possible that regulatory bodies such as the EPA may impose more stringent emissions standards in the future for marine engines, including with respect to recreational use. Any increased costs of those manufacturers producing
 engines resulting from current or future EPA standards could be passed on to dealers in the retail recreational boat industry, such as ourselves, or could result in the inability of, or potential unforeseen delays by, these manufacturers to
 manufacture and make timely delivery of recreational boats to such dealers, which developments could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.

As with companies in the marine retail industry generally, and parts and service operations in particular, our business involves the use, handling, storage, transportation and contracting for recycling or disposal
 of waste materials, including hazardous or toxic substances and wastes as well as environmentally sensitive materials, such as motor oil, waste motor oil and filters, transmission fluid, antifreeze, freon, waste paint and lacquer thinner,
 batteries, solvents, lubricants, degreasing agents, gasoline, and diesel fuels. Laws and regulations regarding the prevention of pollution or remediation of environmental contamination generally apply regardless of whether we lease or purchase
 the land and facilities. Additionally, certain of our stores and/or repair facilities utilize USTs and ASTs, primarily for storing and dispensing petroleum-based products. Storage tanks in the United States are generally subject to financial
 responsibility requirements and testing, containment, upgrading and removal requirements under the RCRA, and its state law counterparts, as well as federal, state and local legal standards relating to investigation and remediation of
 contaminated soils, surface water and groundwater resulting from leaking tanks and associated inground lifts. We also may be subject to civil liability to third parties for remediation costs or other damages if leakage from our owned or
 operated tanks migrates onto the property of others.

Certain of our stores and/or repair facility properties have been operated in the past by third parties whose use, handling and disposal of petroleum-based products or wastes were not under our control. We are
 subject to regulation by federal, state, and local authorities establishing investigatory, remedial, human health and environmental quality standards and imposing liability related thereto, which liabilities may include sanctions, including
 monetary penalties for violations of those standards.

32 

Table of Contents 

We also are subject to laws, ordinances, and regulations governing investigation and remediation of contamination at facilities we operate or to which we send hazardous or toxic substances or wastes for treatment,
 recycling, or disposal. In particular, CERCLA, also known as the Superfund law, and analogous state laws, impose strict joint and several liability on generators, transporters, disposers and arrangers of hazardous substances at sites where
 hazardous substance releases have occurred or are threatening to occur.

A majority of states have adopted Superfund laws comparable to and, in some cases, more stringent than CERCLA. If we were to be found to be a responsible party under CERCLA or a similar state statute, we could be
 held liable for all investigative and remedial costs associated with addressing such contamination as well as for natural resource damages. In addition, claims alleging personal injury or property damage may be brought against us as a result of
 alleged exposure to hazardous substances resulting from our operations. Moreover, certain of our stores are located on waterways that are subject to federal laws, including the Clean Water Act and the OPA, as well as analogous state laws
 regulating navigable waters, oil pollution (including prevention and cleanup of the same), adverse impacts to fish and wildlife, and other matters. For example, under the OPA, owners and operators of vessels and onshore facilities may be
 subject to liability for removal costs and damages arising from an oil spill in waters of the United States.

We could be required to conduct remediation in the future in accordance with applicable state and federal standards in the cleanup of petroleum hydrocarbons or other substances or wastes released on, under or from
 properties owned or leased by us, including some of our properties that were previously used as gasoline service stations. For example, we are performing soil and groundwater monitoring activities as required by applicable state and federal
 standards. We may also be required in the future to remove USTs, ASTs and inground lifts containing petroleum-based products and hazardous or toxic substances or wastes should they represent a risk of release or threatened release into the
 environment. Historically, our costs of compliance with these investigatory, remedial and monitoring requirements have not had a material adverse effect on our results of operations; however, there can be no assurance that such costs will not
 be material in the future or that such future compliance will not have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operation and financial condition. We also may have additional storage tank liability insurance and other insurance
 coverage with respect to pollution-related liabilities where available, but such coverages may be insufficient to address such liabilities. Environmental laws and regulations are comprehensive and subject to frequent change. Compliance with
 amended, new, or more stringent laws or regulations, more strict interpretations of existing laws, or the future discovery of environmental conditions may require additional expenditures by us, and such expenditures may be material.

Additionally, certain states have imposed legal requirements or are considering the imposition of such requirements that would obligate buyers and/or operators of recreational boats to obtain a license in order to
 operate such boats. These requirements could discourage potential buyers of recreational boats, thereby limiting future sales and adversely affecting our business, financial condition, and results of operations.

Furthermore, the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act increased our annual employee health care costs that we fund, and significantly increased our cost of compliance and compliance risk related to offering
 health care benefits.

Moreover, adverse changes in labor policy could lead to increased unionization efforts, which could lead to higher labor costs, disrupt our store operations, and adversely affect our business, results of operations
 and financial condition.

Our operations are subject to risks arising out of the threat of climate change, which could result in increased operating costs and reduced demand for the products that we and the retail
 recreational boat industry provide.

The threat of climate change continues to attract considerable attention in the United States and foreign countries. As a result, numerous proposals have been made and are likely to continue to be made at the
 international, national, regional and state levels of government to monitor and limit existing emissions of GHGs and eliminate future GHG emissions. Governmental and public concern arising from GHG emissions has resulted in increasing
 regulatory, political, financial and litigation risks in the United States and globally that target predominantly fossil fuel-related energy entities or their operations, which may have indirect adverse effects on other companies or industries,
 such as the retail recreational boat industry, for example, whose services or products generate GHGs or rely upon motor fuels refined from fossil fuels, which effects could be material.

33 

Table of Contents 

In the United States, no comprehensive federal climate change legislation has been implemented. With the U.S. Supreme Court finding that GHG emissions constitute a pollutant under the CAA, the EPA has adopted rules
 that, among other things, establish permit reviews for GHG emissions from certain large stationary sources, require the monitoring and annual reporting of GHG emissions from specified sources in the United States, implement standards reducing
 emissions of methane, a form of GHG, from specified oil and gas sectors, and together with the U.S. Department of Transportation, implement GHG emissions limits on vehicles manufactured for operation in the United States. While these rules
 largely do not directly impact our operations, they do represent a concerted effort at the federal level to reduce emissions of GHGs in an effort to mitigate adverse effects associated with climate change. Under the Biden Administration, it is
 anticipated that efforts by the EPA or other federal agencies to restrict GHG emissions will continue. Additionally, various states and groups of states have adopted or are considering adopting legislation, regulations or other regulatory
 initiatives that are focused on such areas as GHG cap and trade programs, carbon taxes, reporting and tracking programs, and restriction of emissions. At the international level, there exists the United Nations-sponsored Paris Agreement, 
 which requires nations to submit non-binding GHG emissions reduction goals every five years after 2020. President Biden announced in April 2021 a new, more rigorous nationally determined emissions reduction level of 50-52 reduction from 2005
 levels in economy-wide net GHG emissions by 2030. The international community gathered again in Glasgow in November 2021 at the 26th Conference to the Parties COP26 ), during which multiple announcements were made, including a call for
 parties to eliminate certain fossil fuel subsidies and pursue further action on non-carbon dioxide GHGs. Relatedly, the United States and European Union jointly announced at COP26 the launch of the Global Methane Pledge, an initiative
 committing to a collective goal of reducing global methane emissions by at least 30 percent from 2020 levels by 2030. As a result, there exists the possibility of executive orders being issued or federal legislation or regulatory initiatives
 being adopted that could result in further restrictions on fossil fuels and have a further indirect adverse effect on the demand for our and the retail recreational boat industry products.

Litigation risks, including lawsuits against fossil-fuel energy companies arising from the production and use of fossil fuels that contribute to global warming effects, such as rising sea levels, erosion and damage
 to existing physical infrastructure, and financial risks for such entities as stockholders and bondholders currently invested in fossil fuel energy companies concerned about the potential effects of climate change may elect in the future to
 shift some or all of their investments into non-fossil fuel energy related sectors further exacerbate the potential for these indirect adverse effects. Moreover, the increased competitiveness of alternative clean energy sources such as wind
 and solar photovoltaic could also reduce demand for fossil fuels and therefore for our boating products, which would lead to a reduction in our revenues. For example, at COP26, the Glasgow Financial Alliance for Net Zero GFANZ announced
 that commitments from over 450 firms across 45 countries had resulted in over 130 trillion in capital committed to net zero goals. The various suballiances of GFANZ generally require participants to set short-term, sector-specific targets to
 transition their financing, investing, and/or underwriting activities to net zero by 2050.

There is also the possibility that financial institutions will be required to adopt policies that limit funding for companies producing, developing or bolstering the use of fossil fuels. Increasing attention to
 climate change, investor and societal expectations regarding voluntary Environmental, Social and Governance ESG disclosures and consumer demand for alternative forms of energy may result in demand shifts for fossil-fuel products and
 additional governmental investigations and private litigation against such companies. While we may create and publish voluntary disclosures regarding ESG matters from time to time, many of the statements in those voluntary disclosures are
 based on hypothetical expectations and assumptions that may or may not be representative of current or actual risks or events or forecasts of expected risks or events, including the costs associated therewith. Such expectations and assumptions
 are necessarily uncertain and may be prone to error or subject to misinterpretation given the long timelines involved and the lack of an established single approach to identifying, measuring and reporting on many ESG matters. Moreover,
 organizations that provide information to investors on corporate governance and related matters have developed ratings processes for evaluating companies on their approach to ESG matters. Such ratings are used by some investors to inform their
 investment and voting decisions. Unfavorable ESG ratings and recent activism directed at shifting funding away from companies with fossil fuel-related assets could lead to increased negative investor sentiment toward us and our industry and to
 the diversion of investment to other, non-fossil fuel markets, which could have a negative impact on our access to and costs of capital.

34 

Table of Contents 

Risks Related to Our Class A Common Stock

OneWater Inc. is a holding company. OneWater Inc. s only material asset is its equity interest in OneWater LLC, and OneWater Inc. is accordingly dependent upon distributions from OneWater LLC to
 pay taxes, make payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement and cover OneWater Inc. s corporate and other overhead expenses.

OneWater Inc. is a holding company and has no material assets other than its equity interest in OneWater LLC. OneWater Inc. has no independent means of generating revenue. To the extent OneWater LLC has available
 cash and subject to the terms of any current or future debt instruments, the OneWater LLC Agreement requires OneWater LLC to make pro rata cash distributions to OneWater Unit Holders, including OneWater Inc., in an amount sufficient to allow
 OneWater Inc. to pay its taxes and to make payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement. We generally expect OneWater LLC to fund such distributions out of available cash and in the event that payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement are
 accelerated, where applicable, we generally expect to fund such accelerated payment out of the proceeds of the change of control transaction giving rise to such acceleration. When OneWater LLC makes distributions, the OneWater Unit Holders are
 entitled to receive proportionate distributions based on their interests in OneWater LLC at the time of such distribution. In addition, the OneWater LLC Agreement requires OneWater LLC to make non-pro rata payments to OneWater Inc. to reimburse
 it for its corporate and other overhead expenses, which payments are not treated as distributions under the OneWater LLC Agreement. To the extent that OneWater Inc. needs funds and OneWater LLC or its subsidiaries are restricted from making
 such distributions or payments under applicable law or regulation or under the terms of any current or future financing arrangements, or are otherwise unable to provide such funds, our liquidity and financial condition could be materially
 adversely affected.

Moreover, because OneWater Inc. has no independent means of generating revenue, OneWater Inc. s ability to make tax payments and payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement is dependent on the ability of OneWater
 LLC to make distributions to OneWater Inc. in an amount sufficient to cover OneWater Inc. s tax obligations and obligations under the Tax Receivable Agreement. This ability, in turn, may depend on the ability of OneWater LLC s subsidiaries to
 make distributions to it. The ability of OneWater LLC, its subsidiaries and other entities in which it directly or indirectly holds an equity interest to make such distributions is subject to, among other things, (i) the applicable provisions
 of Delaware law (or other applicable jurisdiction) that may limit the amount of funds available for distribution and (ii) restrictions in relevant debt instruments issued by OneWater LLC or its subsidiaries and other entities in which it
 directly or indirectly holds an equity interest. To the extent that OneWater Inc. is unable to make payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement for any reason, such payments will be deferred and will accrue interest until paid.

The requirements of being a public company, including compliance with the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act, and the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the Sarbanes-Oxley
 Act ), may strain our resources, increase our costs and distract management, and we may be unable to comply with these requirements in a timely or cost-effective manner.

As a public company, we are required to comply with laws, regulations and requirements, certain corporate governance provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, related regulations of the SEC and the requirements of The
 Nasdaq Stock Market Nasdaq ), with which we were not required to comply as a private company. Complying with these statutes, regulations and requirements occupies a significant amount of time of our Board of Directors and management and
 significantly increases our costs and expenses. We are required to:

maintain a comprehensive compliance function;

comply with rules promulgated by Nasdaq;

prepare and distribute periodic public reports in compliance with our obligations under the federal securities laws;

35 

Table of Contents 

accurately implement and interpret U.S. generally accepted accounting principles GAAP 

comply with certain internal policies, such as those relating to insider trading; and

involve and retain to a greater degree outside counsel and accountants in the above activities.

As a public company, we are also required to comply with the SEC s rules implementing Sections 302 and 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, which require management to certify financial and other information in our
 quarterly and annual reports and provide an annual management report on the effectiveness of internal controls over financial reporting. However, as of September 30, 2021, we ceased to qualify as an emerging growth company. Accordingly,
 commencing with this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we are required to have our auditors formally attest to the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act Section 404 ). Our
 compliance with Section 404 necessitates that we incur substantial accounting expense and expend significant management efforts.

In addition, we expect that being a public company subject to these rules and regulations may make it more difficult and more expensive for us to obtain director and officer liability insurance and we may be
 required to accept reduced policy limits and coverage or incur substantially higher costs to obtain the same or similar coverage. As a result, it may be more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified individuals to serve on our board of
 directors or as executive officers. We are currently evaluating these rules, and we cannot predict or estimate the amount of additional costs we may incur or the timing of such costs.

If we experience any material weaknesses in the future or otherwise fail to develop or maintain an effective system of internal controls in the future, we may not be able to accurately report
 our financial condition or results of operations, which may adversely affect investor confidence in us and, as a result, the value of our Class A common stock.

Effective internal controls are necessary for us to provide reliable financial reports, prevent fraud and operate successfully as a public company. If we cannot provide reliable financial reports or prevent fraud,
 our reputation and operating results would be harmed. As a result of being a public company, we are required, under Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, to furnish a report by management on, among other things, the effectiveness of our
 internal control over financial reporting. This assessment must include disclosure of any material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting identified by our management or our independent registered public accounting firm. We
 continue to take additional steps to improve control processes as appropriate, validate through testing that controls are functioning as documented, and implement a continuous reporting and improvement process for our internal control over
 financial reporting. If we identify one or more material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting during the evaluation and testing process or we are unable to comply with the requirements of Section 404 in a timely manner,
 we may be unable to conclude that our internal controls are effective. For additional information, please see Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Internal Controls and Procedures. 

Additionally, we ceased to qualify as an emerging growth company as of September 30, 2021. As a result, our independent registered public accounting firm is required to express an opinion on the effectiveness of
 our internal controls. If in the future we are unable to confirm that our internal control over financial reporting is effective, or if our independent registered public accounting firm is unable to express an unqualified opinion on the
 effectiveness of our internal controls, we could lose investor confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports, which could cause the price of our Class A common stock to decline. We cannot assure you that there will not be
 material weaknesses or significant deficiencies in our disclosure controls or our internal controls over financial reporting in the future.

An active, liquid and orderly trading market for our Class A common stock may not develop or be maintained, and our stock price may be volatile.

Although our Class A common stock is listed on Nasdaq, we do not know how liquid that market might be at any point in time. You may not be able to resell your Class A common stock at or above the price at which you
 purchased it. Additionally, lack of liquidity may result in wide bid-ask spreads, contribute to significant fluctuations and volatility in the market price of the Class A common stock and limit the number of investors who are able to buy the
 Class A common stock.

36 

Table of Contents 

The market price of our Class A common stock could vary significantly as a result of a number of factors, some of which are beyond our control. In the event of a drop in the market price of our Class A common
 stock, you could lose a substantial part or all of your investment in our Class A common stock. You may not be able to sell shares of our Class A common stock at prices equal to or greater than the price paid by you.

The following factors could affect our stock price:

quarterly variations in our financial and operating results;

the public reaction to our press releases, our other public announcements and our filings with the SEC;

strategic actions by our competitors or suppliers;

changes in revenue, same-store sales or earnings estimates, or changes in recommendations or withdrawal of research coverage, by equity research analysts;

the failure of our operating results to meet the expectations of equity research analysts and investors;

speculation in the press or investment community;

the failure of research analysts to continue to cover our Class A common stock;

sales of our Class A common stock by us or other stockholders, or the perception that such sales may occur;

changes in accounting principles, policies, guidance, interpretations or standards;

additions or departures of key management personnel;

actions by our stockholders;

general market conditions, including fluctuations in commodity prices;

the publication of boating industry sales data or new boat registration data;

domestic and international economic, legal and regulatory factors unrelated to our performance; and

the realization of any risks described under this Risk Factors section.

The stock markets in general have experienced extreme volatility that has often been unrelated to the operating performance of particular companies. For some companies this volatility has been exacerbated by wide
 ranging impacts from the COVID-19 pandemic. These broad market fluctuations may adversely affect the trading price of our Class A common stock. Securities class action litigation has often been instituted against companies following periods of
 volatility in the overall market and in the market price of a company s securities. Such litigation, if instituted against us, could result in very substantial costs, divert our management s attention and resources and materially harm our
 business, operating results and financial condition.

Our Legacy Owners own a significant amount of our voting stock, and their interests may conflict with those of our other stockholders.

The Legacy Owners own a significant amount of our voting stock. As a result, the Legacy Owners may be able to substantially influence matters requiring stockholder approval, including the election of directors,
 approval of any potential acquisition of us, changes to our organizational documents and significant corporate transactions. This concentration of ownership makes it unlikely that any other holder or group of holders of our Class A common stock
 will be able to affect the way we are managed or the direction of our business. The interests of the Legacy Owners with respect to matters potentially or actually involving or affecting us, such as future acquisitions, financings and other
 corporate opportunities and attempts to acquire us, may conflict with the interests of our other stockholders.

37 

Table of Contents 

For example, the Legacy Owners may have different tax positions from us, especially in light of the Tax Receivable Agreement, that could influence their decisions regarding whether and when to support the
 disposition of assets, the incurrence or refinancing of new or existing indebtedness, or the termination of the Tax Receivable Agreement and acceleration of our obligations thereunder. In addition, the determination of future tax reporting
 positions, the structuring of future transactions and the handling of any challenge by any taxing authority to our tax reporting positions may take into consideration the Legacy Owners tax or other considerations which may differ from the
 considerations of us or our other stockholders. Please read Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Tax Receivable Agreement in this Form 10-K.

Certain of our executive officers and directors have significant duties with, and spend significant time serving, entities that may compete with us in seeking business opportunities and,
 accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in allocating time or pursuing business opportunities.

Certain of our executive officers and directors, who are responsible for managing the direction of our operations, hold positions of responsibility with other entities (including affiliated entities) that are in
 the boat retail industry. These executive officers and directors may become aware of business opportunities that may be appropriate for presentation to us as well as to the other entities with which they are or may become affiliated. Due to
 these existing and potential future affiliations, they may present potential business opportunities to other entities prior to presenting them to us, which could cause additional conflicts of interest. They may also decide that certain
 opportunities are more appropriate for other entities with which they are affiliated, and as a result, they may elect not to present those opportunities to us. These conflicts may not be resolved in our favor.

Our certificate of incorporation and bylaws, as well as Delaware law, contain provisions that could discourage acquisition bids or merger proposals, which may adversely affect the market price
 of our Class A common stock and could deprive our investors of the opportunity to receive a premium for their shares.

Our certificate of incorporation authorizes our board of directors to issue preferred stock without stockholder approval in one or more series, designate the number of shares constituting any series, and fix the
 rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions thereof, including dividend rights, voting rights, rights and terms of redemption, redemption price or prices and liquidation preferences of such series. If our board of directors elects to issue
 preferred stock, it could be more difficult for a third party to acquire us. In addition, some provisions of our certificate of incorporation and bylaws could make it more difficult for a third party to acquire control of us, even if the change
 of control would be beneficial to our stockholders. These provisions include:

dividing our board of directors into three classes of directors, with each class serving staggered three-year terms;

providing that all vacancies, including newly created directorships, may, except as otherwise required by law or, if applicable, the rights of holders of a series of preferred stock, only be filled by the affirmative vote of a
 majority of directors then in office, even if less than a quorum;

permitting any action by stockholders to be taken only at an annual meeting or special meeting rather than by a written consent of the stockholders, subject to the rights of any series of preferred stock with respect to such rights;

permitting special meetings of our stockholders to be called only by our Chief Executive Officer, the chairman of our board of directors and our board of directors pursuant to a resolution adopted by the affirmative vote of a
 majority of the total number of authorized directors whether or not there exist any vacancies in previously authorized directorships;

subject to the rights of the holders of shares of any series of our preferred stock, requiring the affirmative vote of the holders of at least 66 2 3 in voting power of all then outstanding common stock entitled to vote generally in
 the election of directors, voting together as a single class, to remove any or all of the directors from office at any time, and directors will be removable only for cause 

38 

Table of Contents 

prohibiting cumulative voting in the election of directors;

establishing advance notice provisions for stockholder proposals and nominations for elections to the board of directors to be acted upon at meetings of stockholders; and

providing that the board of directors is expressly authorized to adopt, or to alter or repeal our bylaws.

In addition, certain change of control events have the effect of accelerating the payment due under the Tax Receivable Agreement, which could be substantial and accordingly serve as a disincentive to a potential
 acquirer of our company. Please see In certain cases, payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement may be accelerated and/or significantly exceed the actual benefits, if any, OneWater Inc. realizes in respect of the tax attributes subject to
 the Tax Receivable Agreement. 

Our certificate of incorporation designates the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware as the sole and exclusive forum for certain types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by
 our stockholders, which could limit our stockholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers, employees or agents.

Our certificate of incorporation provides that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware will, to the fullest extent permitted by
 applicable law, be the sole and exclusive forum for (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf, (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any of our directors, officers, employees or agents to us
 or our stockholders, (iii) any action asserting a claim against us or any director or officer or other employee of ours arising pursuant to any provision of the Delaware General Corporation Law, our certificate of incorporation or our bylaws,
 or (iv) any action asserting a claim against us or any director or officer or other employee of ours that is governed by the internal affairs doctrine, in each such case subject to such Court of Chancery having personal jurisdiction over the
 indispensable parties named as defendants therein. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the exclusive forum provision will not apply to suits brought to enforce any liability or duty created by the Exchange Act, the Securities Act or any other claim
 for which the federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in shares of our capital stock will be deemed to have notice of, and consented to, the provisions of our certificate
 of incorporation described herein. This choice of forum provision may limit a stockholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with us or our directors, officers, employees or agents, which may
 discourage such lawsuits against us and such persons. Alternatively, if a court were to find these provisions of our certificate of incorporation inapplicable to, or unenforceable in respect of, one or more of the specified types of actions or
 proceedings, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such matters in other jurisdictions, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations.

While the Board of Directors declared a one-time special cash dividend of 1.80 per share on June 17, 2021, w e do not intend to pay cash dividends on
 our Class A common stock, and our Credit Facilities place certain restrictions on our ability to do so. Consequently, your only opportunity to achieve a return on your investment is if the price of our Class A common stock appreciates.

We do not plan to declare cash dividends on shares of our Class A common stock in the foreseeable future. Additionally, the Credit Facilities place certain restrictions on our ability to pay cash dividends. Any
 future credit agreements or financing arrangements may also contain restrictions on our ability to pay cash dividends. Consequently, your only opportunity, while such dividend restrictions remain in place, to achieve a return on your investment
 in us may be to sell your Class A common stock at a price greater than you paid for it. There is no guarantee that the price of our Class A common stock that will prevail in the market will ever exceed the price that you paid.

Future sales of our Class A common stock in the public market, or the perception that such sales may occur, could reduce our stock price, and any additional capital raised by us through the sale
 of equity or convertible securities may dilute your ownership in us.

We may sell additional shares of Class A common stock in subsequent public offerings. We may also issue additional shares of Class A common stock or convertible securities. We have 13,463,124 outstanding shares of
 Class A common stock and 1,819,112 outstanding shares of Class B common stock as of December 3, 2021. Certain OneWater Unit Holders are party to a registration rights agreement (the Registration Rights Agreement ), which requires us to effect
 the registration of any shares of Class A common stock that they receive in exchange for their OneWater LLC Units in certain circumstances.

39 

Table of Contents 

On February 11, 2020, we filed a registration statement with the SEC on Form S-8 providing for the registration of 1,600,533 shares of our Class A common stock issued or reserved for issuance under our long term
 incentive plan (the LTIP ). On May 7, 2021, we filed a registration statement with the SEC on Form S-8 providing for the registration of (i) an additional 46,750 shares of Class A common stock that may be
 delivered with respect to awards under the LTIP pursuant to an evergreen provision contained in the LTIP and (ii) an indeterminate amount of interests to be offered or sold pursuant to the OneWater Marine Inc. 2021 Employee Stock Purchase
 Plan. Subject to the satisfaction of vesting conditions, the expiration of lock-up agreements and the requirements of Rule 144, shares registered under each of the registration statements on Form S-8 may be made available for resale
 immediately in the public market without restriction.

On September 7, 2021, we filed a registration statement with the SEC on Form S-3 providing for the registration of (i) an indeterminate number of shares of Class A common stock to be offered, on a primary basis, at
 indeterminate prices with an aggregate initial offering price not to exceed 250,000,000 and (ii) 375,000 shares of Class A common stock that may be sold in one or more secondary offerings by the selling stockholders named therein.

We cannot predict the size of future issuances of our Class A common stock or securities convertible into Class A common stock or the effect, if any, that future issuances and sales of shares of our Class A common
 stock will have on the market price of our Class A common stock. Sales of substantial amounts of our Class A common stock (including shares issued in connection with an acquisition), or the perception that such sales could occur, may adversely
 affect prevailing market prices of our Class A common stock.

OneWater Inc. is required to make payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement for certain tax benefits that it may claim, and the amounts of such payments could be significant.

The Tax Receivable Agreement generally provides for the payment by OneWater Inc. to each OneWater Unit Holder of 85 of the net cash savings, if any, in U.S. federal, state and local income tax and franchise tax
 (computed using simplifying assumptions to address the impact of state and local taxes) that OneWater Inc. actually realizes (or is deemed to realize in certain circumstances) in periods after the IPO as a result of certain increases in tax
 basis available to OneWater Inc. as a result of the exercise of the Redemption Right or pursuant to our Call Right or that relate to prior transfers of such OneWater LLC Units that will be available to OneWater Inc. as a result of its
 acquisition of those units, and certain benefits attributable to imputed interest. OneWater Inc. will retain the benefit of the remaining 15 of these net cash savings.

The terms of the Tax Receivable Agreement commenced upon completion of the IPO and will continue until all tax benefits that are subject to the Tax Receivable Agreement have been utilized or expired, unless
 OneWater Inc. exercises its right to terminate the Tax Receivable Agreement (or the Tax Receivable Agreement is terminated due to other circumstances, including OneWater Inc. s breach of a material obligation thereunder or certain mergers or
 other changes of control), and OneWater Inc. makes the termination payment specified in the Tax Receivable Agreement. In addition, payments OneWater Inc. makes under the Tax Receivable Agreement will be increased by any interest accrued from
 the due date (without extensions) of the corresponding tax return. In the event that the Tax Receivable Agreement is not terminated, the payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement are anticipated to commence in 2022 and to continue for 20
 years after the date of the last redemption of the OneWater LLC Units.

40 

Table of Contents 

The payment obligations under the Tax Receivable Agreement are OneWater Inc. s obligations and not obligations of OneWater LLC, and we expect that the payments OneWater Inc. will be required to make under the Tax
 Receivable Agreement will be substantial. Estimating the amount and timing of OneWater Inc. s realization of tax benefits subject to the Tax Receivable Agreement is by its nature imprecise. The actual increases in tax basis covered by the Tax
 Receivable Agreement, as well as the amount and timing of OneWater Inc. s ability to use any deductions (or decreases in gain or increases in loss) arising from such increases in tax basis, are dependent upon significant future events,
 including but not limited to the timing of the redemptions of OneWater LLC Units, the price of OneWater Inc. s Class A common stock at the time of each redemption, the extent to which such redemptions are taxable transactions, the amount of the
 redeeming unit holder s tax basis in its OneWater LLC Units at the time of the relevant redemption, the depreciation and amortization periods that apply to the increase in tax basis, the amount, character, and timing of taxable income OneWater
 Inc. generates in the future, the timing and amount of any earlier payments that OneWater Inc. may have made under the Tax Receivable Agreement, the U.S. federal income tax rate then applicable, and the portion of OneWater Inc. s payments under
 the Tax Receivable Agreement that constitute imputed interest or give rise to depreciable or amortizable tax basis. Accordingly, estimating the amount and timing of payments that may become due under the Tax Receivable Agreement is also by its
 nature imprecise. For purposes of the Tax Receivable Agreement, net cash savings in tax generally are calculated by comparing OneWater Inc. s actual tax liability (determined by using the actual applicable U.S. federal income tax rate and an
 assumed combined state and local income tax rate) to the amount OneWater Inc. would have been required to pay had it not been able to utilize any of the tax benefits subject to the Tax Receivable Agreement. Thus, the amount and timing of any
 payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement are also dependent upon significant future events, including those noted above in respect of estimating the amount and timing of OneWater Inc. s realization of tax benefits. Any distributions made by
 OneWater LLC to OneWater Inc. in order to enable OneWater Inc. to make payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement, as well as any corresponding pro rata distributions made to the other OneWater Unit Holders could have an adverse impact on our
 liquidity.

The payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement are not conditioned upon a holder of rights under a Tax Receivable Agreement having a continued ownership interest in OneWater Inc. or OneWater LLC. In addition,
 certain of the OneWater Unit Holders rights (including the right to receive payments) under the Tax Receivable Agreement are transferable in connection with transfers permitted under the OneWater LLC Agreement of the corresponding OneWater LLC
 Units or, subject to OneWater Inc. s consent (not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned, or delayed), after the corresponding OneWater LLC Units have been acquired pursuant to the Redemption Right or Call Right. For additional information
 regarding the Tax Receivable Agreement, see Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Tax Receivable Agreement in this Form 10-K.

In certain cases, payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement may be accelerated and/or significantly exceed the actual benefits, if any, OneWater Inc. realizes in respect of the tax attributes
 subject to the Tax Receivable Agreement.

If OneWater Inc. experiences a change of control (as defined under the Tax Receivable Agreement, which includes certain mergers, asset sales and other forms of business combinations) or the Tax Receivable Agreement
 terminates early (at OneWater Inc. s election or as a result of OneWater Inc. s breach), OneWater Inc. would be required to make an immediate payment equal to the present value of the anticipated future payments to be made by it under the Tax
 Receivable Agreement (determined by applying a discount rate equal to one-year LIBOR plus 100 basis points) and such early termination payment is expected to be substantial. The calculation of anticipated future payments is based upon certain
 assumptions and deemed events set forth in the Tax Receivable Agreement, including (i) that OneWater Inc. has sufficient taxable income to fully utilize the tax benefits covered by the Tax Receivable Agreement, and (ii) that any OneWater LLC
 Units (other than those held by OneWater Inc.) outstanding on the termination date are deemed to be redeemed on the termination date. Any early termination payment may be made significantly in advance of, and may materially exceed, the actual
 realization, if any, of the future tax benefits to which the early termination payment relates.

If OneWater Inc. experiences a change of control (as defined under the Tax Receivable Agreement) or the Tax Receivable Agreement otherwise terminates early (at OneWater Inc. s election or as a result of OneWater
 Inc. s breach), OneWater Inc. s obligations under the Tax Receivable Agreement could have a substantial negative impact on our liquidity and could have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing certain mergers, asset sales, or other forms
 of business combinations or changes of control. For example, if the Tax Receivable Agreement were terminated immediately after the date hereof, and taking into account any redemptions that occur prior thereto, the estimated early termination
 payment would, in the aggregate, be approximately 50.2 million (calculated using a discount rate equal to one-year LIBOR plus 100 basis points, applied against an undiscounted liability of 56.5 million calculated based on certain assumptions,
 including but not limited to a 40.21 per share price, an estimated blended statutory U.S. federal, state and local corporate income tax rate of 24.5 , no material change in U.S. federal income tax law, and that OneWater Inc. will have
 sufficient taxable income to utilize such estimated tax benefits). The foregoing number is merely an estimate and the actual payment could differ materially. In the event that OneWater Inc. s obligation to make payments under the Tax Receivable
 Agreement is accelerated as a result of a change of control, where applicable, we generally expect the accelerated payments due under the Tax Receivable Agreement to be funded out of the proceeds of the change of control transaction giving rise
 to such acceleration. However, OneWater Inc. may be required to fund such payment from other sources, and as a result, any early termination of the Tax Receivable Agreement could have a substantial negative impact on our liquidity. We do not
 currently expect to cause an acceleration due to OneWater Inc. s breach, and we do not currently expect that OneWater Inc. would elect to terminate the Tax Receivable Agreement early, except in cases where the early termination payment would
 not be material. There can be no assurance that OneWater Inc. will be able to meet its obligations under the Tax Receivable Agreement. Please read Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Tax
 Receivable Agreement in this Form 10-K.

41 

Table of Contents 

In the event that OneWater Inc. s payment obligations under the Tax Receivable Agreement are accelerated upon certain mergers, other forms of business combinations or other changes of control,
 the consideration payable to holders of OneWater Inc. s Class A common stock could be substantially reduced.

If OneWater Inc. experiences a change of control (as defined under the Tax Receivable Agreement, which includes certain mergers, asset sales and other forms of business combinations), OneWater Inc. would be
 obligated to make an immediate payment, and such payment may be significantly in advance of, and may materially exceed, the actual realization, if any, of the future tax benefits to which the payment relates. As a result of this payment
 obligation, holders of OneWater Inc. s Class A common stock could receive substantially less consideration in connection with a change of control transaction than they would receive in the absence of such obligation. Further, OneWater Inc. s
 payment obligations under the Tax Receivable Agreement are not conditioned upon the OneWater Unit Holders having a continued interest in OneWater Inc. or OneWater LLC. Accordingly, the OneWater Unit Holders interests may conflict with those
 of the holders of OneWater Inc. s Class A common stock. Please read In certain cases, payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement may be accelerated and/or significantly exceed the actual benefits, if any, OneWater Inc. realizes in respect
 of the tax attributes subject to the Tax Receivable Agreement. 

OneWater Inc. will not be reimbursed for any payments made under the Tax Receivable Agreement in the event that any tax benefits are subsequently disallowed.

Payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement are based on the tax reporting positions that OneWater Inc. determines and the IRS or another tax authority may challenge all or part of the tax basis increase, as well
 as other related tax positions OneWater Inc. takes, and a court could sustain such challenge. The OneWater Unit Holders will not reimburse OneWater Inc. for any payments previously made under the Tax Receivable Agreement if any tax benefits
 that have given rise to payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement are subsequently disallowed, except that excess payments made to any OneWater Unit Holder will be netted against future payments that would otherwise be made to such OneWater
 Unit Holder, if any, after OneWater Inc. s determination of such excess (which determination may be made a number of years following the initial payment and after future payments have been made). As a result, in such circumstances, OneWater
 Inc. could make payments that are greater than its actual cash tax savings, if any, and may not be able to recoup those payments, which could materially adversely affect its liquidity.

If OneWater LLC were to become a publicly traded partnership taxable as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes, OneWater Inc. and OneWater LLC might be subject to potentially
 significant tax inefficiencies, and OneWater Inc. would not be able to recover payments previously made by it under the Tax Receivable Agreement even if the corresponding tax benefits were subsequently determined to have been unavailable due to
 such status.

We intend to operate such that OneWater LLC does not become a publicly traded partnership taxable as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes. A publicly traded partnership is a partnership the
 interests of which are traded on an established securities market or are readily tradable on a secondary market or the substantial equivalent thereof. Under certain circumstances, redemptions of OneWater LLC Units pursuant to the Redemption
 Right (or the Call Right) or other transfers of OneWater LLC Units could cause OneWater LLC to be treated as a publicly traded partnership. Applicable U.S. Treasury regulations provide for certain safe harbors from treatment as a publicly
 traded partnership, and we intend to operate such that redemptions or other transfers of OneWater LLC Units qualify for one or more such safe harbors. For example, we intend to limit the number of unitholders of OneWater LLC, and the OneWater
 LLC Agreement provides for limitations on the ability of unitholders of OneWater LLC to transfer their OneWater LLC Units and provides OneWater Inc., as managing member of OneWater LLC, with the right to impose restrictions (in addition to
 those already in place) on the ability of unitholders of OneWater LLC to redeem their OneWater LLC Units pursuant to the Redemption Right to the extent OneWater Inc. believes it is necessary to ensure that OneWater LLC will continue to be
 treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes.

42 

Table of Contents 

If OneWater LLC were to become a publicly traded partnership taxable as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes, significant tax inefficiencies might result for OneWater Inc. and for OneWater LLC,
 including as a result of OneWater Inc. s inability to file a consolidated U.S. federal income tax return with OneWater LLC. In addition, OneWater Inc. may not be able to realize tax benefits covered under the Tax Receivable Agreement, and
 OneWater Inc. would not be able to recover any payments previously made by it under the Tax Receivable Agreement, even if the corresponding tax benefits (including any claimed increase in the tax basis of OneWater LLC s assets) were
 subsequently determined to have been unavailable.

Unanticipated changes in effective tax rates or adverse outcomes resulting from examination of OneWater Inc. s income or other tax returns could adversely affect its results of operations and
 financial condition.

We may be subject to taxes by the U.S. federal, state, and local tax authorities and its future effective tax rates could be subject to volatility or adversely affected by a number of factors, including:

changes in the valuation of its deferred tax assets and liabilities;

expected timing and amount of the release of any tax valuation allowances;

tax effects of stock-based compensation; or

changes in tax laws, regulations or interpretations thereof.

In addition, we may be subject to audits of its income, sales and other transaction taxes by U.S. federal, state, and local taxing authorities. Outcomes from these audits could have an adverse effect on our
 operating results and financial condition.

We may issue preferred stock whose terms could adversely affect the voting power or value of our Class A common stock.

Our certificate of incorporation authorizes us to issue, without the approval of our stockholders, one or more classes or series of preferred stock having such designations, preferences, limitations and relative
 rights, including preferences over our Class A common stock respecting dividends and distributions, as our board of directors may determine. The terms of one or more classes or series of preferred stock could adversely impact the voting power
 or value of our Class A common stock. For example, we might grant holders of preferred stock the right to elect some number of our directors in all events or on the happening of specified events or the right to veto specified transactions.
 Similarly, the repurchase or redemption rights or liquidation preferences we might assign to holders of preferred stock could affect the residual value of the Class A common stock.

If we were deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the 1940 Act ), as a result of our ownership of OneWater LLC, applicable restrictions could
 make it impractical for us to continue our business as contemplated and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

Under Sections 3(a)(1)(A) and (C) of the 1940 Act, a company generally will be deemed to be an investment company for purposes of the 1940 Act if (i) it is, or holds itself out as being, engaged primarily, or
 proposes to engage primarily, in the business of investing, reinvesting or trading in securities or (ii) it engages, or proposes to engage, in the business of investing, reinvesting, owning, holding or trading in securities and it owns or
 proposes to acquire investment securities having a value exceeding 40 of the value of its total assets (exclusive of U.S. government securities and cash items) on an unconsolidated basis. We do not believe that we are an investment company, 
 as such term is defined in either of those sections of the 1940 Act.

43 

Table of Contents 

As the sole managing member of OneWater LLC, we will control and operate OneWater LLC. On that basis, we believe that our interest in OneWater LLC is not an investment security as that term is used in the 1940
 Act. However, if we were to cease participation in the management of OneWater LLC, our interest in OneWater LLC could be deemed an investment security for purposes of the 1940 Act.

We and OneWater LLC intend to conduct our operations so that we will not be deemed an investment company. However, if we were to be deemed an investment company, restrictions imposed by the 1940 Act, including
 limitations on our capital structure and our ability to transact with affiliates, could make it impractical for us to continue our business as contemplated and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and
 results of operations.

If securities or industry analysts cease publishing research or reports about our business, if they adversely change their recommendations regarding our Class A common stock or if our operating
 results do not meet their expectations, our stock price could decline.

The trading market for our Class A common stock will be influenced by the research and reports that industry or securities analysts publish about us or our business. If one or more of these analysts cease coverage
 of our company or fail to publish reports on us regularly, we could lose visibility in the financial markets, which in turn could cause our stock price or trading volume to decline. Moreover, if one or more of the analysts who cover our company
 downgrades our Class A common stock or if our operating results do not meet their expectations, our stock price could decline.

General Risk Factors

General economic conditions and consumer spending patterns can have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

General economic conditions, including changes in employment levels, consumer demand, preferences and confidence levels, the availability and cost of credit, fuel prices, levels of discretionary personal income,
 interest rates, periods of economic or political instability, public health crises, and consumer spending patterns can negatively impact our operating results. Unfavorable local, regional, national or global economic developments or
 uncertainties regarding future economic prospects could reduce or defer consumer spending in the markets we serve and adversely affect our business. Consumer spending, including that of high net worth individuals, on discretionary goods may
 also decline as a result of political uncertainty and instability, even if prevailing economic conditions are generally favorable. Economic conditions in areas in which we operate stores, particularly the Southeast and Gulf Coast regions in
 which we generated approximately 80 , 75 and 75 of our revenue during fiscal years 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively, could have a major impact on our operations. Local influences, such as corporate downsizing, inclement weather such as
 hurricanes, wintry conditions or other storms, environmental conditions and specific events, also could adversely affect, and in certain instances have adversely affected, our operations in certain markets.

In an economic downturn, consumer discretionary spending levels generally decline, at times resulting in disproportionately large reductions in the sale of discretionary goods. Consumer spending on discretionary
 goods also may decline as a result of lower consumer confidence levels, even if prevailing economic conditions are favorable. Our business was significantly impacted during the recessionary period that began in 2007, and this period of weakness
 in consumer spending and depressed economic conditions had a substantial negative effect on our operating results. In response to these conditions we reduced our inventory purchases, closed certain stores and reduced headcount. Although we have
 expanded our operations and increased our focus on pre-owned sales, parts and repair services and F I products, during periods of stagnant or modestly declining industry trends, the cyclical nature of the retail marine industry or the lack
 of industry growth could lead to oversupply and weak demand, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations in the future. Any period of adverse economic conditions or low consumer confidence
 could have a negative effect on our business.

44 

Table of Contents 

The ongoing COVID-19 pandemic may adversely affect our revenues, results of operations and financial condition.

Our business could be materially adversely affected by the widespread outbreak of a contagious disease, including the recent COVID-19 pandemic. COVID-19 has spread in many of the geographic areas in which we
 operate. National, state and local governments in affected regions have implemented and may continue to implement safety precautions, including shelter in place orders, travel restrictions, business closures, cancellations of public gatherings,
 including boat shows, and other measures. These measures have affected our ability to sell and service boats, required us to temporarily close or partially close certain locations and may require additional closures in the future. Organizations
 and individuals are also taking additional steps to avoid or reduce infection, including limiting travel, staying home, working from home and limiting participation in certain activities.

We continue to monitor federal, state and local government recommendations and have made modifications to our normal operations as a result of COVID-19. If the negative economic effects of COVID-19 continue for a
 prolonged period of time, it could lead to a reduction in demand for our products, which would adversely affect our results of operations. Additionally, disruptions in the capital markets, as a result of the pandemic, may also adversely affect
 our ability to access capital and additional liquidity. The COVID-19 pandemic has led to disruptions in our supply chain, including our ability to obtain boats and parts from our suppliers, and labor shortages. There have been industry-wide
 supply chain constraints due to the COVID-19 pandemic and increased sales generally across the industry. To date, we have experienced shortages of inventory, and we believe such shortages resulted in a reduction in our revenues for fiscal year
 2021. Such shortages could continue to adversely impact our revenues for future periods. It is possible that such shortages could become more severe as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic and its effects on, among other things, supply chains,
 operations and consumer demand. These measures are disrupting normal business operations and may have, significant negative impacts on our business in the future. While we are implementing changes to mitigate the impact of COVID-19 on our
 business, it is not possible, at this time, to estimate the entirety of the effect that COVID-19 will have on our business, customers, suppliers or other business partners.

Increased cybersecurity requirements, vulnerabilities, threats and more sophisticated and targeted computer crime could pose a risk to our systems, networks, and data. Our business operations
 could be negatively impacted by an outage or breach of our informational technology systems or a cybersecurity event.

Our business is dependent upon the efficient operation of our information systems. The systems facilitate the interchange of information and enhance cross-selling opportunities throughout our company. The systems
 integrate each level of operations on a company-wide basis, including but not limited to purchasing, inventory, receivables, payables, financial reporting, budgeting, marketing and sales management. The information systems also prepare our
 consolidated financial and operating data. The failure of our information systems to perform as designed or the failure to maintain and enhance or protect the integrity of these systems could disrupt our business operations, impact sales and
 the results of operations, expose us to customer or third-party claims, or result in adverse publicity.

Increased global cybersecurity vulnerabilities, threats and more sophisticated and targeted cyber-related attacks pose a risk to the security of our and our customers , suppliers and third-party service providers 
 products, systems and networks and the confidentiality, availability and integrity of our data. Unauthorized parties may also attempt to gain access to our systems or facilities, or those of third parties with whom we do business, through
 fraud, trickery or other forms of deceiving our team members, contractors, vendors and temporary staff. While we attempt to mitigate these risks by employing a number of measures, including employee training, systems and maintenance of
 protective systems, we remain potentially vulnerable to known or unknown threats.

We may also have access to sensitive, confidential or personal data or information that is subject to data privacy and information security laws and regulations. Despite our efforts to protect sensitive,
 confidential or personal data or information, we may be vulnerable to security breaches, ransomware theft, misplaced or lost data, programming errors, employee errors and/or malfeasance that could potentially lead to the compromising of
 sensitive, confidential or personal data or information, improper use of our systems, inability to use our systems, and other unauthorized access, use, disclosure, modification or destruction of information, and operational disruptions.
 Further, advances in computer capabilities, new discoveries in the field of cryptography, inadequate facility security or other developments may result in a compromise or breach of the technology we use to protect such sensitive, confidential
 or personal data. Despite ongoing efforts to improve our ability to protect data from compromise, we may not be able to protect all of our data across our systems.

45 

Table of Contents 

Our efforts to improve security and protect data from compromise may also identify previously undiscovered instances of security breaches or other cyber-related attack. It is possible that we might not be aware of
 a successful cyber-related attack on our systems until well after the incident. In addition, a cyber-related attack could result in other negative consequences, including damage to our reputation or competitiveness, remediation or increased
 protection costs, litigation or regulatory action, and could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Depending on the nature of the information compromised, we may have obligations to notify customers
 and/or employees about the incident, and we may need to provide some form of remedy, such as a subscription to a credit monitoring service, for the individuals affected by the incident.

Additionally, in response to the COVID-19 pandemic, we instituted certain remote work policies. This transition to remote working has increased our vulnerability to risks related to our computer and communications
 hardware and software systems and exacerbated certain related risks, including risks of phishing and other cybersecurity attacks. Controls employed by our information technology department and our customers and third-party service providers
 could prove inadequate.

We may be named in litigation, which may result in substantial costs and reputational harm and divert management s attention and resources.

We face legal risks in our business, including claims from disputes with our employees and our former employees and claims associated with general commercial disputes, product liability, personal injury and other
 matters. Risks associated with legal liability often are difficult to assess or quantify and their existence and magnitude can remain unknown for significant periods of time. While we maintain automobile, directors and officers, general
 liability, inventory, property and workers compensation insurance, the amount of insurance coverage may not be sufficient to cover a claim and the continued availability of this insurance cannot be assured. Additionally, we may be named in the
 future as defendants of class action lawsuits. Negative publicity from litigation, whether or not resulting in a substantial cost, could materially damage our reputation. We may in the future be the target of litigation and this litigation may
 result in substantial costs and reputational harm and divert management s attention and resources. Costs, harm to our reputation and diversion could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.

Changes in accounting standards could significantly affect our results of operations and the presentation of those results.

The Financial Accounting Standards Board, the SEC, or other accounting organizations or governmental entities frequently issue new pronouncements or new interpretations of existing accounting standards. Changes in
 accounting standards, how the accounting standards are interpreted, or the adoption of new accounting standards can have a significant effect on our reported results, and could even retroactively affect previously reported transactions, and may
 require that we make significant changes to our systems, processes and controls. Changes resulting from these new standards may result in materially different financial results and may require that we change how we process, analyze and report
 financial information and that we change financial reporting controls. Such changes in accounting standards may have an adverse effect on our business, financial position, and income, which may negatively impact our financial results.

Adverse federal or state tax policies could have a negative effect on us.

Changes in federal and state tax laws, such as an imposition of luxury taxes on new boat purchases, increases in prevailing tax rates, and removal of certain interest deductions, may influence consumers decisions
 to purchase products we offer and could have a negative effect on our sales. For example, during 1991 and 1992, the federal government imposed a luxury tax on new recreational boats with sales prices in excess of 100,000, which coincided with
 a sharp decline in boating industry sales from a high of more than 17.9 billion in 1988 to a low of 10.3 billion in 1992. Any increase in tax rates, including those on capital gains and dividends, particularly those on high-income taxpayers,
 could adversely affect our boat sales.

46 

Table of Contents 

Item 1B. 

Unresolved Staff Comments.

None.

Item 2. 

Properties.

Our corporate headquarters which we lease, is located at 6275 Lanier Islands Parkway, Buford, Georgia 30518. Additionally, we own or lease the following material retail facilities as of September 30, 2021:

Store Location Dealer Group

Stores Leased

Stores Owned

Alabama 

Legendary Marine

1

Rambo Marine

2

Singleton Marine

3

1

Sunrise Marine

1

Florida 

Caribee Boat

1

Central Marine

3

Legendary Marine

3

Marina Mike s

1

Ocean Blue Yacht Sales

3

OneWater Yacht Group

4

Roscioli Yachting Center

1

Sundance Marine

4

Sunrise Marine

2

Tom George Yacht Group

2

Walker s Marine

6

Georgia 

American Boat Brokers

1

Singleton Marine

7

Kentucky 

Lookout Marine

2

Massachusetts 

Bosuns Marine

2

Maryland 

Bosuns Marine

1

OneWater Yacht Group

1

North Carolina 

OneWater Yacht Group

1

New Jersey 

OneWater Yacht Group

1

Stone Harbor Marina

1

Ohio 

South Shore Marine

1

Spend-A-Day Marina

2

South Carolina 

Captain s Choice Marine

2

Singleton Marine

2

Texas 

Phil Dill Boats

1

Slalom Shop

2

SMG Boats

2

Texas Marine

3

We believe that our facilities are adequate for our current operations.

47 

Table of Contents 

Item 3. 

Legal Proceedings.

Due to the nature of our business, we are, from time to time, involved in other routine litigation or subject to disputes or claims related to our business activities, including workers compensation claims
 and employment related disputes. Regardless of the outcome, litigation can have an adverse impact on us because of defense and settlement costs, diversion of management resources and other factors. In the opinion of our management, none
 of the pending litigation, disputes or claims against us, if decided adversely, would have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, cash flows or results of operations.

Item 4. 

Mine Safety Disclosures.

Not applicable.

48 

Table of Contents 

PART II

Item 5. 

Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities.

Market Information

Our Class A common stock is traded on Nasdaq under the symbol ONEW. As of December 3, 2021, there were 13,463,124 shares of Class A common stock and 1,819,112 shares of Class B common stock outstanding.
 There is no market for our Class B common stock. Each share of Class B common stock has no economic rights but entitles its holders to one vote on all matters to be voted on by the shareholders generally.

Holders of Record

As of December 3, 2021, there were 10 and 8 stockholders of record of our Class A common stock and Class B common stock, respectively. In the case of our Class A common stock, the actual number of holders is
 greater than this number of record holders, and includes stockholders who are beneficial owners, but whose shares are held in street name by brokers or held by other nominees. The number of holders of record of Class A common stock also
 does not include stockholders whose shares may be held in trust by other entities.

Performance Graph

The following graph illustrates a comparison of the total cumulative stockholder return for our Class A common stock since February 7, 2020, which is the date
 our shares began trading, through September 30, 2021, to two indices: the Russell 2000 Index and the Nasdaq Retail Trade Index. The graph assumes an initial investment of 100 on February 7, 2020, in our Class A common stock, the stocks
 comprising the Russell 2000 Index, and the stocks comprising the Nasdaq Retail Trade Index. The calculations of cumulative shareholder return on our Class A common stock, the Russell 2000 Index and the Nasdaq Retail Trade Index include
 reinvestment of dividends. The comparisons in the table are required by the SEC and are not intended to forecast or be indicative of possible future performance of our Class A common stock. This graph shall not be deemed soliciting
 material or be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act, or otherwise subject to the liabilities under that section, and shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any of our filings under the
 Securities Act of 1933 (Securities Act), as amended, or the Securities Act, whether made before or after the date hereof and irrespective of any general incorporation language in any such filing.

2/7/20

9/30/20

9/30/21

OneWater Marine Inc.

100.00

135.34

277.33

Russell 2000

100.00

94.34

139.32

NASDAQ Retail Trade

100.00

148.54

161.55

Dividends

On June 17, 2021, our board of directors declared a one-time special cash dividend of 1.80 per share. The cash dividend of approximately 27.1 million was paid on July 19, 2021 to
 holders of Class A common stock and OneWater Unit Holders. Additionally, a 1.0 million cash dividend for restricted stock unit holders will be paid to holders upon vesting of the awards.

We do not anticipate declaring or paying any cash dividends to holders of our Class A common stock in the foreseeable future. We currently intend to retain future earnings, if any, to finance the growth of
 our business. Holders of our Class B common stock are not entitled to participate in any dividends declared by our board of directors. Our future dividend policy is within the discretion of our board of directors and will depend upon
 then-existing conditions, including our results of operations, financial condition, capital requirements, investment opportunities, statutory restrictions on our ability to pay dividends and other factors our board of directors may deem
 relevant. In addition, under our Credit Facilities, Opco is restricted from paying cash dividends, and we expect these restrictions to continue in the future, which may in turn limit our ability to pay cash dividends on our Class A common
 stock. Our ability to pay cash dividends may also be restricted by the terms of any future credit agreement or any future debt or preferred equity securities that we or our subsidiaries may issue. See Risk Factors Risks Related to Our
 Class A Common Stock While our Board of Directors declared a one-time special cash dividend of 1.80 per share on June 17, 2021, we do not intend to pay cash dividends on our Class A common stock, and our Credit Facilities place certain
 restrictions on our ability to do so. Consequently, your only opportunity to achieve a return on your investment is if the price of our Class A common stock appreciates. 

49 

Table of Contents 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities; Issuer s Purchases of Equity Securities

On September 1, 2021, in reliance upon Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act, the Company issued 35,639 shares of Class A common stock to the two former owners of PartsVu as partial consideration for the
 acquisition.

Item 6.

Selected Financial Data.

Part II, Item 6 is no longer required due to amendments to Regulation S-K that eliminate Item 301.

Item 7. 

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.

The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our audited consolidated financial statements and related
 notes appearing elsewhere in this Form 10-K. The following discussion contains forward-looking statements that reflect our future plans, estimates, beliefs and expected performance. The forward-looking statements are dependent upon
 events, risks and uncertainties that may be outside our control. Our actual results could differ materially from those discussed in these forward-looking statements as a result of a variety of risks and uncertainties, including those
 described in this Form 10-K under Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements and Risk Factors. We do not undertake any obligation to publicly update any of these forward-looking statements, except as otherwise required by
 applicable law.

Overview

We believe that we are one of the largest and fastest-growing marine retailers in the United States with 70 stores comprising 25 dealer groups in 11 states as of September 30, 2021. Our dealer groups are
 located in highly attractive markets throughout the Southeast, Gulf Coast, Mid-Atlantic and Northeast, including Texas, Florida, Alabama, North Carolina, South Carolina, Georgia, Ohio and New Jersey, which represent eight of the top
 twenty states for marine retail expenditures. We believe that we are a market leader by volume in sales of premium boats in 12 out of the 17 markets in which we operate. In 2021, we sold approximately 9,500 new and pre-owned boats, many
 of which were sold to customers who had a trade-in or with whom we had otherwise established relationships. The combination of our significant scale, diverse inventory, access to premium boat brands and meaningful dealer group brand
 equity enable us to provide a consistently professional experience as reflected in the number of our repeat customers and same-store sales growth.

We were formed in 2014 as OneWater LLC through the combination of Singleton Marine and Legendary Marine, which created a marine retail platform that collectively owned and operated 19 stores. Since the
 combination in 2014, we have acquired a total of 50 additional stores through 21 acquisitions. Our current portfolio as of September 30, 2021 consists of 25 different local and regional dealer groups. Because of this, we believe we are
 one of the largest and fastest-growing marine retailers in the United States based on number of stores and total boats sold. While we have opportunistically opened new stores in select markets, we believe that it is generally more
 effective economically and operationally to acquire existing stores with experienced staff and established reputations.

The boat dealer market is highly fragmented and is comprised of approximately 4,300 stores nationwide. Most competing marine retailers are operated by local business owners who own three or fewer stores.
 Despite our size, we comprise less than 3 of total industry sales. Our scale and business model allow us to leverage our extensive inventory to provide consumers with the ability to find a boat that matches their preferences (e.g., make,
 model, color, configuration and other options) and to deliver the boat within days while providing a personalized sales experience. We are able to operate with a comparatively higher degree of profitability than other independent
 retailers because we allocate support resources across our store base, focus on high-margin products and services, utilize floor plan financing and provide core back-office functions on a scale that many independent retailers are unable
 to match. We seek to be the leading boat retailer by total market share within each boating market and within the product segments in which we participate. To the extent that we are not, we will evaluate acquiring other local retailers in
 order to increase our sales, to add additional brands or to provide us with additional high-quality personnel.

50 

Table of Contents 

Impact of COVID-19

The COVID-19 pandemic and its related effects, including restraints on U.S. economic and leisure activities, has and may continue to have a significant impact on our operations and financial condition.
 National, state and local governments in affected regions have implemented and may continue to implement safety precautions, including shelter in place orders, travel restrictions, business closures, cancellations of public gatherings,
 including boat shows, and other measures. At times, these measures have affected our ability to sell and service boats, required us to temporarily close or partially close certain locations and may require additional closures in the
 future. In light of the current environment, our sales team members are fully engaged with customers and are providing them with virtual walkthroughs of inventory and/or private, at home or on water, showings, while our service
 departments are working hard to deliver boats and keep customers on the water.

The COVID-19 pandemic and its related effects have, to date, positively impacted our sales as more customers desire to engage in outdoor recreational activities that can be enjoyed close to first or second
 homes, in a socially distanced manner. However, the COVID-19 pandemic has also caused significant supply chain challenges as suppliers were, and continue to be, faced with business closures and shipping delays. This has led to an industry
 wide inventory shortage of boats, engines and certain marine parts. The COVID-19 pandemic and its related effects may continue to interfere with the ability of our employees, contractors, customers, suppliers, and other business partners
 to perform our and their respective responsibilities and obligations with respect to the operation of our business.

While we continue to monitor the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business and operations, our financial results for the year ended September 30, 2021 suggest that spending in all our regions and across
 product lines has proven resilient despite the challenges posed by the pandemic as customers have continued to focus on socially distanced outdoor recreations. The ultimate impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business remains uncertain
 and dependent on various factors including consumer demand, a possible resurgence of COVID-19, including variants of the virus in certain geographic areas, our ability to safely operate stores and the existence and extent of a prolonged
 economic downturn.

Trends and Other Factors Impacting Our Performance

Acquisitions

We are a highly acquisitive company. Since the combination of Singleton Marine and Legendary Marine in 2014, we have acquired 50 additional stores through 21 dealer group acquisitions. Our team remains
 focused on expanding our dealership in regions with strong boating cultures, enhancing the customer experience and generating value for our shareholders. We plan to continue to aggressively pursue acquisitions going forward. While we did
 not complete any acquisitions for the year ended September 30, 2020, we recommenced our acquisition strategy for the year ended September 30, 2021, completing 5 acquisitions.

In addition to our 2021 acquisitions discussed below, since September 30, 2021 we have completed the acquisitions of Naples Boat Mart, T-H Marine and Norfolk Marine as of October 1, 2021, November 30, 2021
 and December 1, 2021, respectively.

We have an extensive acquisition track record within the retail marine industry and believe we have developed a reputation for treating sellers and their staff in an honest and fair manner. We typically
 retain the management team and name of the acquired group. We believe this practice preserves customer relationships and goodwill in the local marketplace. We believe our reputation and scale have positioned us as a buyer of choice for
 marine retailers who want to sell their businesses. To date, 100 of our acquisitions have been sourced from inbound inquiries, and the number of annual inquiries we receive has consistently increased over time. Our strategy is to acquire
 stores at attractive EBITDA multiples and then grow same-store sales while benefitting from cost-reducing synergies. Historically, we have typically acquired groups for less than 4.0x EBITDA on a trailing twelve months basis and believe
 that we will be able to continue to make attractive acquisitions within this range.

51 

Table of Contents 

General Economic Conditions

General economic conditions and consumer spending patterns can negatively impact our operating results. Unfavorable local, regional, national, or global economic developments or uncertainties, including the
 adverse economic effects of the COVID-19 pandemic or a prolonged economic downturn, could reduce consumer spending and adversely affect our business. Consumer spending on discretionary goods may also decline as a result of lower consumer
 confidence levels, even if prevailing economic conditions are otherwise favorable. Economic conditions in areas in which we operate stores, particularly in the Southeast, can have a major impact on our overall results of operations. Local
 influences, such as corporate downsizing and inclement weather such as hurricanes and other storms, environmental conditions, global public health concerns and events could adversely affect our operations in certain markets and in certain
 periods. Any extended period of adverse economic conditions or low consumer confidence is likely to have a negative effect on our business.

Our business was significantly impacted during the recessionary period that began in 2007. This period of weakness in consumer spending and depressed economic conditions had a substantial negative effect on
 our operating results. In response to these conditions we reduced our inventory purchases, closed certain stores and reduced headcount. Additionally, in an effort to counteract the downturn, we increased our focus on pre-owned sales,
 parts and repair services, and finance and insurance services. As a result, we surpassed our pre-recession sales levels in less than 24 months. While we believe the measures we took significantly reduced the impact of the downturn on the
 business, we cannot guarantee similar results in the event of a future downturn. Additionally, we cannot predict the timing or length of unfavorable economic or industry conditions, including a downturn as a result of the COVID-19
 pandemic, or the extent to which they could adversely affect our operating results.

Although past economic conditions have adversely affected our operating results, we believe we are capable of responding in a manner that allows us to substantially outperform the industry and gain market
 share. We believe our ability to capture such market share enables us to align our retail strategies with the desires of customers. We expect our core strengths, including retail and acquisition strategies, will allow us to capitalize on
 growth opportunities as they occur, despite market conditions.

Critical Accounting Policies and Significant Estimates

The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, contingent assets and
 liabilities, each as of the date of the financial statements, and revenues and expenses during the periods presented. On an ongoing basis, management evaluates their estimates and assumptions, and the effects of any such revisions are
 reflected in the financial statements in the period in which they are determined to be necessary. Actual outcomes could differ materially from those estimates in a manner that could have a material effect on our consolidated financial
 statements. Set forth below are the policies and estimates that we have identified as critical to our business operations and understanding our results of operations, based on the high degree of judgment or complexity in their
 application.

Revenue Recognition

Revenue is recognized from the sale of products and commissions earned on new and pre-owned boats (including used, brokerage, consignment and wholesale) when
 ownership is transferred to the customer, which is generally upon acceptance by or delivery to the customer. At the time of acceptance or delivery, the customer is able to direct the use of the product and obtain substantially all of the
 benefits at such time. We are the principal with respect to revenue from new, pre-owned and consignment sales and such revenue is recorded at the gross sales price. With respect to brokerage transactions, we are acting as an agent in the
 transaction, therefore the fee or commission is recorded on a net basis.

Revenue from parts and service operations (boat maintenance and repairs) is recorded over time as services are performed. Satisfaction of this performance obligation
 creates an asset with no alternative use for which an enforceable right to payment for performance to date exists within our contractual agreements. Each boat maintenance and repair service is a single performance obligation that includes
 both the parts and labor associated with the service. Payment for boat maintenance and repairs is typically due upon the completion of the service, which is generally completed within a period of one year or less from contract inception.
 The Company recorded contract assets in prepaid expenses and other current assets of 2.3 million and 1.5 million as of September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively.

52 

Table of Contents 

Deferred revenue from storage and marina operations is recognized on a straight-line basis over the term of the contract as services are completed. Revenue from
 arranging financing, insurance and extended warranty contracts to customers through various third-party financial institutions and insurance companies is recognized when the related boats are sold. We do not directly finance our
 customers boat, motor or trailer purchases. We are acting as an agent in the transaction, therefore the commissions are recorded on a net basis. Subject to our agreements and in the event of early cancellation, prepayment or default of
 such loans or insurance contracts by the customer, we may be assessed a chargeback for a portion of the transaction price by the third-party financial institutions and insurance companies. We reserve for these chargebacks based on our
 historical experience with repayments or defaults. Chargebacks were not material to the consolidated financial statements for the years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019.

Inventories

Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value. The cost of new and pre-owned boat inventory is determined using the specific identification method. New and pre-owned boat sales histories
 indicated that the overwhelming majority of such boats are sold for, or in excess of, the cost to purchase those boats. In assessing the lower of cost or net realizable value, we consider the aging of the boats, historical sales of a
 particular product and current market conditions. There are inherent uncertainties in assessing net realizable value as management must make assumptions and apply judgment to changes in the market, brands and other factors that drive
 consumer preferences and spending. We typically do not maintain a boat inventory reserve. The cost of parts and accessories is determined using the weighted average cost method. Inventory is reported net of write downs for obsolete and
 slow moving items of approximately 0.8 million, 0.6 million and 0.5 million at September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively.

Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets

In accordance with ASC 350, we review goodwill for impairment annually in the fourth fiscal quarter, or more often if events or circumstances indicate that impairment may have occurred. When evaluating
 goodwill for impairment, if the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying value, the difference would represent the amount of required goodwill impairment in accordance with ASC 350. To the extent the reporting unit s
 earnings decline significantly or there are changes in one or more of these inputs that would result in a lower valuation, it could cause the carrying value of the reporting unit to exceed its fair value and thus require the Company to
 record goodwill impairment.

The quantitative goodwill impairment test requires a determination of whether the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its
 carrying value. We estimate the fair value of our reporting unit using an income valuation approach, which discounts projected free cash flows of the reporting unit at a computed weighted average cost of capital as the discount rate.
 The income valuation approach requires the use of significant estimates and assumptions, which include revenue growth rates and future operating margins used to calculate projected future cash flows, weighted average costs of capital,
 and future economic and market conditions. In connection with this process, we also reconcile the estimated aggregate fair value of our reporting unit to our market capitalization, including consideration of a control premium that
 represents the estimated amount an investor would pay for our equity securities to obtain a controlling interest. We believe that this reconciliation process is consistent with a market participant perspective. We base our cash flow
 forecasts on our knowledge of the industry, our recent performance, our expectations of our future performance, and other assumptions we believe to be reasonable but that are unpredictable and inherently uncertain. Actual future results
 may differ from those estimates.

The Company elected a qualitative assessment for our September 30, 2021 goodwill impairment testing and determined for both assessments as of September 30, 2021 and 2020, that it was more likely than not that
 the fair value of the reporting unit was greater than its carrying amount, and as a result, no impairment for goodwill was required for the years then ended.

Identifiable intangible assets consist of trade names related to the acquisitions we have completed. We have determined that trade names have an indefinite life, as there are no economic, contractual or other
 factors that limit their useful lives and they are expected to generate value as long as the trade name is utilized by the dealer group, and therefore, are not subject to amortization.

53 

Table of Contents 

The quantitative impairment test for trade names requires the comparison of the trade names estimated fair value to carrying value on an individual basis.
 Fair values of trade names are estimated using Level 3 inputs by discounting expected future cash flows of the trade name. The forecasted cash flows contain inherent uncertainties, including significant estimates and assumptions, which
 include revenue growth rates and future operating margins used to calculate projected future cash flows, weighted average costs of capital, and future economic and market conditions, and other marketplace data we believe to be
 reasonable.

Financial statement risk exists to the extent identifiable intangibles become impaired due to the decrease in the fair value of the identifiable assets. The Company elected qualitative assessments for our
 September 30, 2021 identifiable intangible assets impairment testing and determined for both assessments as of September 30, 2021 and 2020, that it was more likely than not that the fair values of the Company s identifiable intangible
 assets were greater than their carrying amounts, and as a result, no impairment for identifiable intangible assets was required for the years then ended.

Business Combinations

We account for business combinations using the acquisition method of accounting, which requires recognition of assets acquired and liabilities assumed at fair value as of the date of the acquisition.
 Determination of the estimated fair value assigned to each asset acquired or liability assumed can materially impact the net income in subsequent periods through depreciation and amortization and potential impairment charges.

The most critical areas of judgment in applying the acquisition method include selecting the appropriate valuation techniques and assumptions that are used to measure the acquired assets and assumed
 liabilities at fair value, particularly for inventory, acquisition contingent consideration, trade names and goodwill. The fair value of acquired inventory is based on manufacturer invoice cost, curtailments, and market data. The
 significant estimates used to value acquisition contingent consideration are future earnings and discount rates. We apply an income approach for the fair value of trade names, which discounts the estimate of future net cash flow using an
 appropriate discount rate that reflects the risks associated with such projected future cash flow.

In selecting the techniques and assumptions noted above, we generally engage third-party, independent valuation professionals to assist us in developing the assumptions and applying the valuation techniques
 to a particular business combination transaction. In particular, the discount rates selected are compared to and evaluated with (i) the industry weighted-average cost of capital, (ii) the inherent risks associated with each type of asset
 and (iii) the level and timing of future cash flows appropriately reflecting market participant assumptions.

54 

Table of Contents 

How We Evaluate Our Operations

Revenue

We have a diversified revenue profile that is comprised of new boat sales, pre-owned boat sales, F I products, repair and maintenance services, and parts and accessories. Although non-boat sales
 contributed approximately 11.3 , 9.8 and 11.4 to revenue in fiscal years 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively, due to the higher gross margin on these product and service lines, non-boat sales contributed 25.8 , 28.3 and 31.1 to gross
 profit in fiscal years 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. During different phases of the economic cycle, consumer behavior may shift away from new boats; however, we are well-positioned to benefit from revenue from pre-owned boats, repair
 and maintenance services, and parts and accessories, which have all historically increased during periods of economic uncertainty. We generate pre-owned sales from boats traded-in for new and pre-owned boats, boats purchased from
 consumers, brokerage transactions, consignment sales and wholesale sales. We have also diversified our business across geographies and dealership types (e.g., fresh water and salt water) in order to reduce the effects of seasonality. In
 addition to seasonality, revenue and operating results may also be significantly affected by quarter-to-quarter changes in economic conditions, manufacturer incentive programs, adverse weather conditions, cancellation of boat shows and
 other developments outside of our control.

Gross Profit

We calculate gross profit as revenue less cost of sales. Cost of sales consists of actual amounts paid for products, costs of services (primarily labor), transportation costs from manufacturers to our retail
 stores and vendor consideration. Gross profit excludes depreciation and amortization, which is presented separately in our consolidated statements of operations.

Gross Profit Margin

Our overall gross profit margin varies with our revenue mix. Sales of new and pre-owned boats, which have comparable margins, generally result in a lower gross profit margin than our non-boat sales. As a
 result, when revenue from non-boat sales increases as a percentage of total revenue, we expect our overall gross profit margin to increase.

Selling, General and Administrative Expenses

Selling, general, and administrative SG A expenses consist primarily of salaries and incentive-based compensation, advertising, rent, insurance, utilities, and other customary operating expenses. A
 portion of our cost structure is variable (such as sales commissions and incentive compensation), or controllable (such as advertising), which we believe allows us to adapt to changes in the retail environment over the long term. We
 typically evaluate our variable expenses, selling expenses and all other SG A expenses in the aggregate as a percentage of total revenue.

Same-Store Sales

We assess the organic growth of our revenue on a same-store basis. We believe that our assessment on a same-store basis represents an important indicator of comparative financial results and provides relevant
 information to assess our performance. New and acquired stores become eligible for inclusion in the comparable store base at the end of the store s thirteenth month of operations under our ownership and revenues are only included for
 identical months in the same-store base periods. Stores relocated within an existing market remain in the comparable store base for all periods. Additionally, amounts related to closed stores are excluded from each comparative base
 period. Because same-store sales may be defined differently by other companies in our industry, our definition of this measure may not be comparable to similarly titled measures of other companies, thereby diminishing its utility.

55 

Table of Contents 

Adjusted EBITDA

We define Adjusted EBITDA as net income (loss) before interest expense other, income taxes, depreciation and amortization and other (income) expense, further adjusted to eliminate the effects of items such
 as the change in the fair value of warrant liability, gain (loss) on contingent consideration, loss on extinguishment of debt and transaction costs. See Comparison of Non-GAAP Financial Measure for more information and a reconciliation
 of Adjusted EBITDA to net income (loss), the most directly comparable financial measure calculated and presented in accordance with GAAP.

Summary of Acquisitions

The comparability of our results of operations between the periods discussed below is naturally affected by the acquisitions we have completed during such periods. We are also continuously evaluating and
 pursuing acquisitions on an ongoing basis, and such acquisitions, if completed, will continue to impact the comparability of our financial results. While we expect continued growth and strategic acquisitions in the future, our
 acquisitions may have materially different characteristics than our historical results, and such differences in economics may impact the comparability of our future results of operations to our historical results.

Fiscal Year 2021 Acquisitions

Effective December 1, 2020, we acquired substantially all of the assets of Tom George Yacht Sales, Inc., a full-service marine retailer based in Florida with two stores.

Effective December 31, 2020, we acquired substantially all of the assets of Walker Marine Group, Inc., a full-service marine retailer based in Florida with five stores.

Effective December 31, 2020, we acquired substantially all of the assets of Roscioli Yachting Center, Inc., a full-service marine and yachting facility located in Florida, including the related real estate and in-water slips.

Effective August 1, 2021, we acquired substantially all of the assets of Stone Harbor Marina, Inc., a full-service marine retailer based in New Jersey with one store.

Effective September 1, 2021 we acquired substantially all of the assets of PartsVu, an online marketplace for OEM marine parts, electronics and accessories.

We refer to the fiscal year 2021 acquisitions described above collectively as the 2021 Acquisitions. The 2021 Acquisitions are partially reflected in our consolidated financial statements for the year ended
 September 30, 2021, beginning on the date of acquisition, and will not impact our results of operations for the years ended September 30, 2020 and 2019.

Fiscal Year 2020 Acquisitions

We did not complete any acquisitions in fiscal year 2020.

Fiscal Year 2019 Acquisitions

Effective December 1, 2018, OneWater LLC acquired substantially all of the assets of The Slalom Shop, LLC, a dealer group based in Texas with two stores.

Effective February 1, 2019, OneWater LLC acquired substantially all of the assets of Ray Clepper, Inc., d/b/a Ray Clepper Boat Center, a dealer group based in South Carolina with one store.

Effective February 1, 2019, OneWater LLC acquired substantially all of the assets of Ocean Blue Yacht Sales, LLC, a dealer group based in Florida with three stores.

Effective May 1, 2019, OneWater LLC acquired substantially all of the assets of Caribee Boat Sales and Marina, Inc., a dealer group based in Florida with one store.

56 

Table of Contents 

Effective August 1, 2019, OneWater LLC acquired substantially all of the assets of Central Marine, a dealer group based in Florida with three stores.

We refer to the fiscal year 2019 acquisitions described above collectively as the 2019 Acquisitions. The 2019 Acquisitions are fully reflected in our consolidated financial statements for the years ended
 September 30, 2021 and 2020 but are only partially reflected in our consolidated financial statements for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, beginning on the date of acquisition.

Other Factors Affecting Comparability of Our Future Results of Operations to Our Historical Results of Operations

Our historical financial results discussed below may not be comparable to our future financial results for the reasons described below.

OneWater Inc. is subject to U.S. federal, state and local income taxes as a corporation. Our accounting predecessor, OneWater LLC, was and is treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes, and as such, was and
 is generally not subject to U.S. federal income tax at the entity level. Rather, the tax liability with respect to its taxable income is passed through to its members. Accordingly, the financial data attributable to our
 predecessor contains no provision for U.S. federal income taxes or income taxes in any state or locality. OneWater Inc. was subject to U.S. federal, state and local taxes at a blended statutory rate of 24.1 of pre-tax earnings
 for fiscal year 2021.

As of September 30, 2019, Goldman and Beekman held the LLC Warrants, which contained conversion features that caused them to be accounted for as a liability on our balance sheet. Changes in this liability were recognized as
 income or expense on our statements of operations and increased or reduced our net income in historical periods. In connection with the IPO, Goldman and Beekman exercised all of the LLC Warrants for common units of OneWater LLC.
 Giving effect to the IPO and the exercise of the LLC Warrants for common units of OneWater LLC held by Goldman and Beekman, we have eliminated the fair value adjustment for the LLC Warrants for all periods after the IPO, which
 eliminated the corresponding impact on our statements of operations.

As we further implement controls, processes and infrastructure applicable to companies with publicly traded equity securities, it is likely that we will incur additional SG A expenses relative to historical periods. Our
 future results will depend on our ability to efficiently manage our combined operations and execute our business strategy.

Results of Operations

Year Ended September 30, 2021, Compared to Year Ended September 30, 2020

For the Year Ended September 30,

2021

2020

Description

Amount

of Revenue

Amount

of Revenue

Change

Change

in thousands)

Revenues

New boat

872,680

71.1

717,093

70.1

155,587

21.7

Pre-owned boat

216,416

17.6

205,650

20.1

10,766

5.2

Finance and insurance income

42,668

3.5

36,792

3.6

5,876

16.0

Service, parts and other

96,442

7.9

63,435

6.2

33,007

52.0

Total revenues

1,228,206

100.0

1,022,970

100.0

205,236

20.1

Gross Profit

New boat

210,916

17.2

131,373

12.8

79,543

60.5

Pre-owned boat

54,138

4.4

37,389

3.7

16,749

44.8

Finance insurance

42,668

3.5

36,792

3.6

5,876

16.0

Service, parts other

49,733

4.0

29,970

2.9

19,763

65.9

Total gross profit

357,455

29.1

235,524

23.0

121,931

51.8

57 

Table of Contents 

For the Year Ended September 30, 

2021 

2020 

Description

Amount 

of Revenue 

Amount 

of Revenue 

Change 

Change 

in thousands)

Selling, general and administrative expenses

199,049

16.2

143,575

14.0

55,474

38.6

Depreciation and amortization

5,411

0.4

3,249

0.3

2,162

66.5

Transaction costs

869

0.1

3,648

0.4

(2,779

(76.2

Loss on contingent consideration

3,249

0.3

6,762

0.7

(3,513

(52.0

Income from operations

148,877

12.1

78,290

7.7

70,587

90.2

Interest expense - floor plan

2,566

0.2

8,861

0.9

(6,295

(71.0

Interest expense other

4,344

0.4

8,828

0.9

(4,484

(50.8

Change in fair value of warrant liability

-

0.0

(771

(0.1

771

(100.0

Loss on extinguishment of debt

-

0.0

6,559

0.6

(6,559

(100.0

Other income, net

(248

0.0

(24

0.0

(224

Income before income tax expense

142,215

11.6

54,837

5.4

83,378

159.3

Income tax expense

25,802

2.1

6,329

0.6

19,473

307.7

Net income

116,413

9.5

48,508

4.7

67,905

140.0

Less: Net income attributable to non-controlling interests

-

350

Less: Net income attributable to non-controlling interests of One Water Marine Holdings, LLC

37,354

30,733

Net income attributable to OneWater Marine Inc.

79,059

17,425

Revenue

Overall, revenue increased by 205.2 million, or 20.1 , to 1,228.2 million for the year ended September 30, 2021 from 1,023.0 million for the year ended September 30, 2020. Revenue generated from same-store
 sales increased 9.7 for the year ended September 30, 2021 as compared to the year ended September 30, 2020, primarily due to an increase in the average selling price of new and pre-owned boats, the model mix of boats sold, an increase in
 finance insurance sales and an increase in service, parts and other sales. We believe that COVID-19 has had a positive overall impact on the retail marine industry as people continue to seek recreational activities that could be
 done in a safe socially distanced way. Overall revenue increased by 99.3 million as a result of our increase in same-store sales and 105.9 million from stores not eligible for inclusion in the same-store sales base. New and acquired
 stores become eligible for inclusion in the comparable store base at the end of the store s thirteenth month of operations under our ownership, and revenues are only included for identical months in the same-store base periods. For the
 year ended September 30, 2021, we completed 5 acquisitions. We did not make any acquisitions in the year ended September 30, 2020.

New Boat Sales

New boat sales increased by 155.6 million, or 21.7 , to 872.7 million for the year ended September 30, 2021 from 717.1 million for the year ended September 30, 2020. The increase was the result of our
 same-store sales growth during the twelve-month period, the increased unit sales attributable to the 2021 Acquisitions and an increase in our average unit price. We believe the increase in sales was primarily due to the shift towards
 outdoor leisure activity during the COVID-19 pandemic, as well as, the continued execution of operational improvements on previously acquired dealers. The increase in average sales price was due to consumer demand, the mix of boat brands
 and models sold, and product improvements in the functionality and technology of boats.

58 

Table of Contents 

Pre-owned Boat Sales

Pre-owned boat sales increased by 10.8 million, or 5.2 , to 216.4 million for the year ended September 30, 2021 from 205.7 million for the year ended September 30, 2020. We sell a wide range of brands and
 sizes of pre-owned boats under different types of sales arrangements (e.g., trade-ins, brokerage, consigned and wholesale), which causes periodic and seasonal fluctuations in the average sales price. Pre-owned

boat sales for the year ended September 30, 2021 experienced a decrease in the number of units sold due to industry-wide supply constraints. The average sales price per pre-owned unit in the year ended September 30, 2021 increased
 largely due to the mix of pre-owned products and the composition of the brands and models sold during the period as well as the industry-wide supply restrictions and higher prices. 

Finance Insurance Income

We generate revenue from arranging finance insurance products, including financing, insurance and extended warranty contracts, to customers through various third-party financial institutions and
 insurance companies. Finance insurance income increased by 5.9 million, or 16.0 , to 42.7 million for the year ended September 30, 2021 from 36.8 million for the year ended September 30, 2020. The increase was primarily a result
 of the increase in same-store sales, process improvements and additional revenue attributable to the fiscal year 2021 Acquisitions. We remain very focused on improving sales of finance insurance products throughout our dealer
 network and implementing best practices at acquired dealer groups and existing stores. Finance insurance products decreased slightly as a percentage of total revenue to 3.5 in the year ended September 30, 2021 from 3.6 for the
 year ended September 30, 2020. Finance insurance income is recorded net of related fees, including fees charged back due to any early cancellation of loan or insurance contracts by a customer. Since finance insurance income is
 fee-based, we do not incur any related cost of sale.

Service, Parts Other Sales

Service, parts other sales increased by 33.0 million, or 52.0 , to 96.4 million for the year ended September 30, 2021 from 63.4 million for the year ended September 30, 2020. This increase in
 service, parts other sales is primarily due to increases across the board in labor, parts, fuel and storage sales, driven by ancillary sales generated from our increase in new and pre-owned boat sales and the impact of our 2021
 Acquisitions.

Gross Profit

Overall, gross profit increased by 121.9 million, or 51.8 , to 357.5 million for the year ended September 30, 2021 from 235.5 million for the year ended September 30, 2020. This increase was mainly due to
 our overall increase in same-store sales, primarily driven by an increase in new boat sales, as well as higher pre-owned boat sales, finance insurance income and service, parts and other sales. The increase in gross profit was also
 a result of an increase in the number of stores due to the fiscal year 2021 Acquisitions. Overall gross margins increased 610 basis points to 29.1 for the year ended September 30, 2021 from 23.0 for the year ended September 30, 2020 due
 to the factors noted below.

New Boat Gross Profit

New boat gross profit increased by 79.5 million, or 60.5 , to 210.9 million for the year ended September 30, 2021 from 131.4 million for the year ended September 30, 2020. This increase was due to our
 overall increase in same-store sales and acquired stores during fiscal year 2021. New boat gross profit as a percentage of new boat revenue was 24.2 for the year ended September 30, 2021 as compared to 18.3 in the year ended September
 30, 2020. The increase in new boat gross profit and gross profit margin is due primarily to a shift in the mix and size of boat models sold, the margin profile of recently acquired locations and our emphasis on expanding new boat gross
 profit margins.

59 

Table of Contents 

Pre-owned Boat Gross Profit

Pre-owned boat gross profit increased by 16.7 million, or 44.8 , to 54.1 million for the year ended September 30, 2021 from 37.4 million for the year ended September 30, 2020. This increase was primarily
 due to an overall increase in our same-store sales and acquired stores during fiscal year 2021. Pre-owned boat gross profit as a percentage of pre-owned boat revenue was 25.0 for the year ended September 30, 2021 as compared to 18.2 in
 the year ended September 30, 2020. We sell a wide range of brands and sizes of pre-owned boats under different types of sales arrangements (e.g., trade-ins, brokerage, consignment and wholesale), which may cause periodic and seasonal
 fluctuations in pre-owned boat gross profit as a percentage of revenue. In the year ended September 30, 2021 as compared to the year ended September 30, 2020, we experienced an increase in our gross profit on pre-owned sales for each of
 the different sales arrangements.

Finance Insurance Gross Profit

Finance insurance gross profit increased by 5.9 million, or 16.0 , to 42.7 million for the year ended September 30, 2021 from 36.8 million for the year ended September 30, 2020. Finance 
 insurance income is fee-based revenue for which we do not recognize incremental expense.

Service, Parts Other Gross Profit

Service, parts other gross profit increased by 19.8 million, or 65.9 , to 49.7 million for the year ended September 30, 2021 from 30.0 million for the year ended September 30, 2020. Service, parts
 other gross profit as a percentage of service, parts other revenue was 51.6 and 47.2 for the year ended September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively. This increase was the result of the
 mix of products sold, which shifted towards service work, which has a higher margin. Additionally, due to the increased demand, we experienced an increase in the overall productivity of our service technicians, which also drove margins
 higher. 

Selling, General Administrative Expenses

Selling, general administrative expenses increased by 55.5 million, or 38.6 , to 199.0 million for the year ended September 30, 2021 from 143.6 million for the year ended September 30, 2020. This
 increase was primarily due to the impact of acquisitions and expenses incurred to support the overall increase in same-store sales. The increase in selling, general administrative expenses primarily consisted of a 45.0 million
 increase in personnel expenses and a 5.9 million increase in fixed expenses. Selling, general administrative expenses as a percentage of revenue increased to 16.2 from 14.0 for the years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020,
 respectively. The increase in selling, general administrative expenses as a percentage of revenue was primarily due to higher variable-based compensation expense as a result of the Company s
 increased net profit margin. 

Depreciation and Amortization

Depreciation and amortization expense increased 2.2 million, or 66.5 , to 5.4 million for the year ended September 30, 2021 compared to 3.2 million for the year ended September 30, 2020. The increase in
 depreciation and amortization expense for the year ended September 30, 2021 compared to the year ended September 30, 2020 was primarily attributable to an increase in property and equipment from our 2021 Acquisitions.

Transaction Costs

The decrease in transaction costs of 2.8 million, or 76.2 , to 0.9 million for the year ended September 30, 2021 compared to 3.6 million for the year ended September 30, 2020 was primarily attributable to
 expenses recognized in conjunction with the IPO and September offering that were not able to be capitalized for the year ended September 30, 2020.

Loss on Contingent Consideration

During the year ended September 30, 2021, we increased our contingent consideration related to a fiscal 2021 acquisition and a fiscal 2019 acquisition in the amount of 3.2 million. During the year ended
 September 30, 2020, we increased our contingent consideration related to a fiscal 2019 acquisition in the amount of 6.8 million.

Income from Operations

Income from operations increased 70.6 million, or 90.2 , to 148.9 million for the year ended September 30, 2021 compared to 78.3 million for the year ended September 30, 2020. The increase was primarily
 attributable to the 121.9 million increase in gross profit for the year ended September 30, 2021 as compared to the year ended September 30, 2020, partially offset by a 55.5 million increase in selling, general administrative
 expenses during the same period.

60 

Table of Contents 

Interest Expense Floor Plan

Interest expense floor plan decreased 6.3 million, or 71.0 , to 2.6 million for the year ended September 30, 2021 compared to 8.9 million for the year ended September 30, 2020. The decrease was primarily
 attributable to a decrease in the average outstanding borrowings on our Inventory Financing Facility for the year ended September 30, 2021 compared to the year ended September 30, 2020, falling interest rates, and interest assistance
 received from our manufacturers and banks.

Interest Expense Other

The decrease in interest expense other of 4.5 million, or 50.8 , to 4.3 million for the year ended September 30, 2021 compared to 8.8 million for the year ended September 30, 2020 was primarily attributable to the payoff of our Term and Revolver Credit Facility (as defined below) and entry into the Credit Facility, which offers a more favorable interest rate. 

Change in Fair Value of Warrant Liability

The change in fair value of warrant liability of 0.8 million for the year ended September 30, 2020 was attributable to an overall change in the enterprise value of the Company. No
 charge was recorded for the year ended September 30, 2021 as the warrants were exercised in conjunction with the IPO.

Loss on Extinguishment of Debt

During the year ended September 30, 2020, we incurred 6.6 million in debt extinguishment expenses. On July 22, 2020 in connection with the refinancing of our term debt, we repaid in full the Term and
 Revolver Credit Facility. As part of the pre-payment of the Term and Revolver Credit Facility, we were required to pay an early termination fee of 4.2 million. Additionally, in connection with the debt extinguishment, we recognized 2.4
 million of expense for unamortized debt issuance costs.

Other (Income) Expense, Net

Other income, net was approximately 248,000 and 24,000 for the year ended September 30, 2021 and the year ended September 30, 2020, respectively.

Income Tax Expense

The 19.5 million increase in income tax expense for the year ended September 30, 2021 as compared to the year ended September 30, 2020 was primarily the result of the
 87.4 million increase in income before income tax expense and the IPO and the taxability of OneWater Inc. as a corporation for the full year ended September 30, 2021 versus only the period subsequent to the IPO for the year ended
 September 30, 2020. Additionally, as Class B common stock was exchanged for Class A common stock (in accordance with the terms of the OneWater LLC Agreement), the proportion of consolidated income before income tax expense allocated to
 OneWater Inc. increased, yielding higher income tax expense. 

Net Income (Loss)

Net income increased by 67.9 million to 116.4 million for the year ended September 30, 2021 compared to 48.5 million for the year ended September 30, 2020. The increase was primarily attributable to the
 121.9 million increase in gross profit for the year ended September 30, 2021 compared to September 30, 2020. The increase was partially offset by a 55.5 million increase in selling, general and administrative expenses for the year ended
 September 30, 2021 compared to the year ended September 30, 2020, as well as a 19.5 million increase in income tax expense for the same period.

61 

Table of Contents 

Results of Operations

Year Ended September 30, 2020, Compared to Year Ended September 30, 2019

For the Year Ended September 30,

2020

2019

Description

Amount

of Revenue

Amount

of Revenue

Change

Change

in thousands)

Revenues

New boat sales

717,093

70.1

526,774

68.6

190,319

36.1

Pre-owned boat sales

205,650

20.1

153,010

20.0

52,640

34.4

Finance and insurance income

36,792

3.6

26,151

3.4

10,641

40.7

Service, parts and other sales

63,435

6.2

61,689

8.0

1,746

2.8

Total revenues

1,022,970

100.0

767,624

100.0

255,346

33.3

Gross Profit

New boat gross profit

131,373

12.8

92,532

12.1

38,481

42.0

Pre-owned boat gross profit

37,389

3.7

25,992

3.4

11,397

43.8

Finance insurance gross profit

36,792

3.6

26,151

3.4

10,641

40.7

Service, parts other gross profit

29,970

2.9

27,451

3.6

2,519

9.2

Total gross profit

235,524

23.0

172,126

22.4

63,398

36.8

Selling, general and administrative expenses

143,575

14.0

116,503

15.2

27,072

23.2

Depreciation and amortization

3,249

0.3

2,682

0.3

567

21.1

Transaction costs

3,648

0.4

1,323

0.2

2,325

175.7

Loss (gain) on contingent

 consideration

6,762

0.7

(1,674

(0.2

8,436

Income from operations

78,290

7.7

53,292

6.9

24,998

46.9

Interest expense - floor plan

8,861

0.9

9,395

1.2

(534

(5.7

Interest expense other

8,828

0.9

6,568

0.9

2,260

34.4

Change in fair value of warrant

 liability

(771

(0.1

(1,336

(0.2

565

(42.3

Loss on extinguishment of debt

6,559

0.6

-

0.0

6,559

100

Other (income) expense, net

(24

0.0

1,402

0.2

(1,426

(101.7

Income before income tax expense

54,837

5.4

37,263

4.9

17,574

47.2

Income tax expense

6,329

0.6

0.0

6,329

100

Net income

48,508

4.7

37,263

4.9

11,245

30.2

Less: Net income attributable to non-controlling interests

350

1,606

Net income attributable to One Water Marine Holdings, LLC

35,657

Less: Net income attributable to non-controlling interests of One Water Marine Holdings, LLC

30,733

Net income attributable to OneWater Marine Inc.

17,425

Revenue

Overall, revenue increased by 255.3 million, or 33.3 , to 1,023.0 million for the year ended September 30, 2020 from 767.6 million for the year ended September 30, 2019. Revenue generated from same-store
 sales increased 24.4 for the year ended September 30, 2020 as compared to the year ended September 30, 2019, primarily due to an increase in the average selling price of new and pre-owned boats, the model mix of boats sold, an increase
 in the number of new and pre-owned boats sold and an increase in finance insurance sales. We believe that COVID-19 has had a positive overall impact on the retail marine industry during a portion of the year ended September 30,
 2020, as people sought recreational activities that could be done in a safe socially distanced way. Overall revenue increased by 184.8 million as a result of our increase in same-store sales and 70.5 million from stores not eligible for
 inclusion in the same-store sales base. New and acquired stores become eligible for inclusion in the comparable store base at the end of the store s thirteenth month of operations under our ownership, and revenues are only included for
 identical months in the same-store base periods. For the year ended September 30, 2019, we acquired ten stores. We did not make any acquisitions in the year ended September 30, 2020.

62 

Table of Contents 

New Boat Sales

New boat sales increased by 190.3 million, or 36.1 , to 717.1 million for the year ended September 30, 2020 from 526.8 million for the year ended September 30, 2019. The increase was the result of our
 same-store sales growth during the twelve-month period and the increased unit sales attributable to the 2019 Acquisitions. During the year ended September 30, 2020, we experienced an increase in unit sales of 18.8 and an increase in
 average unit price of 14.6 over the year ended September 30, 2019. The increase in both units sold and average sales price was due in part to the mix of boat brands and models sold and product improvements in the functionality and
 technology of boats, which continues to be a driver of consumer demand. Additionally, we believe the increase in units sold was enhanced due to the impact the COVID-19 pandemic had on many summer activities that we have historically
 competed against for time.

Pre-owned Boat Sales

Pre-owned boat sales increased by 52.6 million, or 34.4 , to 205.7 million for the year ended September 30, 2020 from 153.0 million for the year ended September 30, 2019. We sell a wide range of brands and
 sizes of pre-owned boats under different types of sales arrangements (e.g., trade-ins, brokerage, consigned and wholesale), which causes periodic and seasonal fluctuations in the average sales price. Pre-owned boat sales for the year
 ended September 30, 2020 benefited from a 12.2 increase in the number of units sold due to the increase in same-store sales and the impact of the fiscal year 2019 Acquisitions. The average sales price per pre-owned unit in the year ended
 September 30, 2020 increased 21.1 largely due to the mix of pre-owned products and the composition of the brands and models sold during the period. Additionally, we believe the increase in units sold was enhanced due to the impact the
 COVID-19 pandemic had on many summer activities that we have historically competed against for time.

Finance Insurance Income

We generate revenue from arranging finance insurance products, including financing, insurance and extended warranty contracts, to customers through various third-party financial institutions and
 insurance companies. Finance insurance income increased by 10.6 million, or 40.7 , to 36.8 million for the year ended September 30, 2020 from 26.2 million for the year ended September 30, 2019. The increase was primarily a result
 of the increase in same-store sales, process improvements and additional revenue attributable to the fiscal year 2019 Acquisitions. We remain very focused on improving sales of finance insurance products throughout our dealer
 network and implementing best practices at acquired dealer groups and existing stores. Finance insurance products increased as a percentage of total revenue to 3.6 in the year ended September 30, 2020 from 3.4 for the year ended
 September 30, 2019. Since finance insurance income is fee-based, we do not incur any related cost of sale. Finance insurance income is recorded net of related fees, including fees charged back due to any early cancellation of
 loan or insurance contracts by a customer.

Service, Parts Other Sales

Service, parts other sales had moderate growth, increasing by 1.7 million, or 2.8 , to 63.4 million for the year ended September 30, 2020 from 61.7 million for the year ended September 30, 2019. This
 increase in service, parts other sales is primarily due to increases in parts, fuel and storage sales, partially offset by a decrease in labor sales. The decline in labor sales was primarily a result of closures, shelter in place
 orders and labor reductions related to the COVID-19 pandemic.

63 

Table of Contents 

Gross Profit

Overall, gross profit increased by 63.4 million, or 36.8 , to 235.5 million for the year ended September 30, 2020 from 172.1 million for the year ended September 30, 2019. This increase was mainly due to
 our overall increase in same-store sales, primarily driven by an increase in new boat sales, as well as higher pre-owned boat sales and finance insurance income. The increase in gross profit was also a result of an increase in the
 number of stores due to the fiscal year 2019 Acquisitions. Overall gross margins increased 60 basis points to 23.0 for the year ended September 30, 2020 from 22.4 for the year ended September 30, 2019 due to the factors noted below.

New Boat Gross Profit

New boat gross profit increased by 38.8 million, or 42.0 , to 131.4 million for the year ended September 30, 2020 from 92.5 million for the year ended September 30, 2019. This increase was due to our
 overall increase in same-store sales and acquired stores during fiscal year 2019. New boat gross profit as a percentage of new boat revenue was 18.3 for the year ended September 30, 2020 as compared to 17.6 in the year ended September
 30, 2019. The increase in new boat gross profit and gross profit margin is due primarily to a shift in the mix and size of boat models sold, the margin profile of recently acquired locations and our emphasis on expanding new boat gross
 profit margins, while continuing to leverage the progress we have made in previous quarters on finance insurance.

Pre-owned Boat Gross Profit

Pre-owned boat gross profit increased by 11.4 million, or 43.8 , to 37.4 million for the year ended September 30, 2020 from 26.0 million for the year ended September 30, 2019. This increase was primarily
 due to an overall increase in our same-store sales and acquired stores during fiscal year 2019. Pre-owned boat gross profit as a percentage of pre-owned boat revenue was 18.2 for the year ended September 30, 2020 as compared to 17.0 in
 the year ended September 30, 2019. We sell a wide range of brands and sizes of pre-owned boats under different types of sales arrangements (e.g., trade-ins, brokerage, consignment and wholesale), which may cause periodic and seasonal
 fluctuations in pre-owned boat gross profit as a percentage of revenue. In the year ended September 30, 2020 as compared to the year ended September 30, 2019, we experienced an increase in our gross profit on pre-owned sales for each of
 the different sales arrangements.

Finance Insurance Gross Profit

Finance insurance gross profit increased by 10.6 million, or 40.7 , to 36.8 million for the year ended September 30, 2020 from 26.2 million for the year ended September 30, 2019. Finance 
 insurance income is fee-based revenue for which we do not recognize incremental expense.

Service, Parts Other Gross Profit

Service, parts other gross profit increased by 2.5 million, or 9.2 , to 30.0 million for the year ended September 30, 2020 from 27.5 million for the year ended September 30, 2019. Service, parts
 other gross profit as a percentage of service, parts other revenue was 47.2 and 44.5 for the year ended September 30, 2020 and 2019, respectively. This increase in gross profit margin was primarily the result of increases in
 service gross profit margin and storage and other gross profit margin.

Selling, General Administrative Expenses

Selling, general administrative expenses increased by 27.1 million, or 23.2 , to 143.6 million for the year ended September 30, 2020 from 116.5 million for the year ended September 30, 2019. This
 increase was primarily due to the impact of acquisitions and expenses incurred to support the overall increase in same-store sales. The increase in selling, general administrative expenses primarily consisted of a 22.3 million
 increase in personnel expenses and a 4.0 million increase in fixed expenses. Selling, general administrative expenses as a percentage of revenue decreased to 14.0 from 15.2 for the years ended September 30, 2020 and 2019,
 respectively. The reduction in selling, general administrative expenses as a percentage of revenue was due mainly to leverage achieved on the significant increase in sales and the cost reduction actions enacted following the
 acceleration of COVID-19 in March of 2020.

Depreciation and Amortization

Depreciation and amortization expense increased 0.6 million, or 21.1 , to 3.2 million for the year ended September 30, 2020 compared to 2.7 million for the year ended September 30, 2019. The increase in
 depreciation and amortization expense for the year ended September 30, 2020 compared to the year ended September 30, 2019 was primarily attributable to an increase in property and equipment.

64 

Table of Contents 

Transaction Costs

The increase in transaction costs of 2.3 million, or 175.7 , to 3.6 million for the year ended September 30, 2020 compared to 1.3 million for the year ended September 30, 2019 was primarily attributable to
 2.3 million of expenses recognized in conjunction with the IPO that were not able to be capitalized.

Loss (Gain) on Contingent Consideration

During the year ended September 30, 2020, we increased our contingent consideration related to a fiscal 2019 acquisition in the amount of 6.8 million. During the year ended September 30, 2019, we reduced our
 estimate of contingent consideration related to a fiscal 2018 and a fiscal 2017 acquisition in the amount of 1.7 million.

Income from Operations

Income from operations increased 25.0 million, or 46.9 , to 78.3 million for the year ended September 30, 2020 compared to 53.3 million for the year ended September 30, 2019. The increase was primarily
 attributable to the 63.4 million increase in gross profit for the year ended September 30, 2020 as compared to the year ended September 30, 2019, partially offset by a 27.1 million increase in selling, general administrative
 expenses and an 8.4 million increase in loss on contingent consideration during the same period.

Interest Expense Floor Plan

Interest expense floor plan decreased 0.5 million, or 5.7 , to 8.9 million for the year ended September 30, 2020 compared to 9.4 million for the year ended September 30, 2019. The decrease was primarily
 attributable to a decrease in the average outstanding borrowings on our Inventory Financing Facility for the year ended September 30, 2020 compared to the year ended September 30, 2019 as well as a decrease in interest rates during the
 same period.

Interest Expense Other

The increase in interest expense other of 2.3 million, or 34.4 , to 8.8 million for the year ended September 30, 2020 compared to 6.6 million for the year ended September 30, 2019 was primarily
 attributable to an increase in our long-term debt which was primarily increased to fully redeem the preferred interest in subsidiary in conjunction with the IPO.

Change in Fair Value of Warrant Liability

The decrease in change in fair value of warrant liability of 0.6 million, or 42.3 , to (0.8) million income for the year ended September 30, 2020 compared to (1.4) million income for the year ended
 September 30, 2019 was primarily attributable to an overall change in the enterprise value of the Company due to a change in the implied value of other market participants. In connection with the Reorganization and IPO, the LLC Warrants
 were exercised in full for common units of OneWater LLC, which eliminated the liability accounting and fair value adjustments for the LLC Warrants for all periods after the Reorganization.

Loss on Extinguishment of Debt

During the year ended September 30, 2020, we incurred 6.6 million in debt extinguishment expenses. On July 22, 2020 in connection with the refinancing of our term debt, we repaid in full the Term and
 Revolver Credit Facility. As part of the pre-payment of the Term and Revolver Credit Facility, we were required to pay an early termination fee of 4.2 million. Additionally, in connection with the debt extinguishment, we recognized 2.4
 million of expense for unamortized debt issuance costs.

65 

Table of Contents 

Other (Income) Expense, Net

The decrease in other expense of 1.4 million for the year ended September 30, 2020 compared to the year ended September 30, 2019 was primarily attributable to a 1.4 million loss on the sale and leaseback of
 certain operating facilities and equipment for the year ended September 30, 2019.

Income Tax Expense

The 6.3 million increase in income tax expense for the year ended September 30, 2020 as compared to the year ended September 30, 2019 was the result of the U.S. federal, state and local taxes OneWater Inc.
 was subject to as a corporation following the IPO.

Net Income (Loss)

Net income increased by 11.2 million to 48.5 million for the year ended September 30, 2020 compared to 37.3 million for the year ended September 30, 2019. The increase was primarily attributable to the
 63.4 million increase in gross profit for the year ended September 30, 2020 compared to September 30, 2019. The increase was partially offset by a 27.1 million increase in selling, general and administrative expenses for the year ended
 September 30, 2020 compared to the year ended September 30, 2019, as well as a 8.4 million increase in the loss on contingent consideration, a 6.6 million increase in the loss on extinguishment of debt and a 6.3 million increase in
 income tax expense for the same period.

Comparison of Non-GAAP Financial Measure

We view Adjusted EBITDA as an important indicator of performance. We define Adjusted EBITDA as net income (loss) before interest expense other, income taxes, depreciation and amortization and other (income)
 expense, further adjusted to eliminate the effects of items such as the change in the fair value of warrant liability, gain (loss) on contingent consideration, gain (loss) on extinguishment of debt and transaction costs.

Our board of directors, management team and lenders use Adjusted EBITDA to assess our financial performance because it allows them to compare our operating performance on a consistent basis across periods by
 removing the effects of our capital structure (such as varying levels of interest expense), asset base (such as depreciation and amortization) and other items (such as the fair value adjustment of the warrants, gain (loss) on contingent
 consideration, gain (loss) on extinguishment of debt and transaction costs) that impact the comparability of financial results from period to period. We present Adjusted EBITDA because we believe it provides useful information regarding
 the factors and trends affecting our business in addition to measures calculated under GAAP. Adjusted EBITDA is not a financial measure presented in accordance with GAAP. We believe that the presentation of this non-GAAP financial measure
 will provide useful information to investors and analysts in assessing our financial performance and results of operations across reporting periods by excluding items we do not believe are indicative of our core operating performance. Net
 income (loss) is the GAAP measure most directly comparable to Adjusted EBITDA. Our non-GAAP financial measure should not be considered as an alternative to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure. You are encouraged to
 evaluate each of these adjustments and the reasons we consider them appropriate for supplemental analysis. In evaluating Adjusted EBITDA, you should be aware that in the future we may incur expenses that are the same as or similar to some
 of the adjustments in such presentation. Our presentation of Adjusted EBITDA should not be construed as an inference that our future results will be unaffected by unusual or non-recurring items. There can be no assurance that we will not
 modify the presentation of Adjusted EBITDA in the future, and any such modification may be material. Adjusted EBITDA has important limitations as an analytical tool and you should not consider Adjusted EBITDA in isolation or as a
 substitute for analysis of our results as reported under GAAP. Because Adjusted EBITDA may be defined differently by other companies in our industry, our definition of this non-GAAP financial measure may not be comparable to similarly
 titled measures of other companies, thereby diminishing its utility.

66 

Table of Contents 

The following tables present a reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA to our net income (loss), which is the most directly comparable GAAP measure for the periods presented.

Year Ended September 30, 2021, Compared to Year Ended September 30, 2020.

Years Ended September 30,

Description

2021

2020

Change

in thousands)

Net income

116,413

48,508

67,905

Interest expense other

4,344

8,828

(4,484

Income tax expense

25,802

6,329

19,473

Depreciation and amortization

5,411

3,249

2,162

Change in fair value of warrant liability

(771

771

Loss on contingent consideration

3,249

6,762

(3,513

Transaction costs

869

3,648

(2,779

Loss on extinguishment of debt

6,559

(6,559

Other income, net

(248

(24

(224

Adjusted EBITDA

155,840

83,088

72,752

Adjusted EBITDA was 155.8 million for the year ended September 30, 2021 compared to 83.1 million for the year ended September 30, 2020. The increase in Adjusted EBITDA resulted from our 9.7 increase in
 same-store sales growth for the year ended September 30, 2021 as compared to the year ended September 30, 2020, combined with the results of the 2021 Acquisitions and our ability to increase gross profit margins and the impact of the
 adjusting items noted above.

Year Ended September 30, 2020, Compared to Year Ended September 30, 2019

Year Ended September 30,

Description

2020

2019

Change

in thousands, unaudited)

Net income

48,508

37,263

11,245

Interest expense other

8,828

6,568

2,260

Income tax expense

6,329

6,329

Depreciation and amortization

3,249

2,682

567

Change in fair value of warrant liability

(771

(1,336

565

Loss (gain) on contingent consideration

6,762

(1,674

8,436

Transaction costs

3,648

1,323

2,325

Loss on extinguishment of debt

6,559

6,559

Other expense (income), net

(24

1,402

(1,426

Adjusted EBITDA

83,088

46,228

36,860

Adjusted EBITDA was 83.1 million for the year ended September 30, 2020 compared to 46.2 million for the year ended September 30, 2019. The increase in Adjusted EBITDA resulted from our 24.4 increase in
 same-store sales growth for the year ended September 30, 2020 as compared to the year ended September 30, 2019, combined with the results of the 2019 Acquisitions and our ability to increase gross profit margins, control selling, general
 and administrative expenses and the impact of the adjusting items noted above.

Seasonality

Our business, along with the entire retail marine industry, is highly seasonal, and such seasonality varies by geographic market. With the exception of Florida, we generally realize significantly lower sales
 and higher levels of inventories, and related floor plan borrowings, in the quarterly periods ending December 31 and March 31. Revenue generated from our stores in Florida serves to offset generally lower winter revenue in our other
 states and enables us to maintain a more consistent revenue stream. The onset of the public boat and recreation shows in January stimulates boat sales and typically allows us to reduce our inventory levels and related floor plan
 borrowings throughout the remainder of the fiscal year. The impact of seasonality on our results of operations could be materially impacted based on the location of our acquisitions. For example, our operations could be substantially more
 seasonal if we acquire dealer groups that operate in colder regions of the United States. Our business is also subject to weather patterns, which may adversely affect our results of operations. For example, prolonged winter conditions,
 reduced rainfall levels or excessive rain, may limit access to boating locations or render boating dangerous or inconvenient, thereby curtailing customer demand for our products and services. In addition, unseasonably cool weather and
 prolonged winter conditions may lead to a shorter selling season in certain locations. Hurricanes and other storms could result in disruptions of our operations or damage to our boat inventories and facilities, as has been the case when
 Florida and other markets were affected by hurricanes. We believe our geographic diversity is likely to reduce the overall impact to us of adverse weather conditions in any one market area. Additionally, due to the COVID-19 pandemic, our
 seasonal trends may also change as a result of, among other things, store closures, disruptions to the supply chain and inventory availability, manufacturer delays, and cancellation of boat shows. For more information, see Risk
 Factors Risks Related to Industry and Competition Our business, as well as the entire retail marine industry, is highly seasonal, with seasonality varying in different geographic markets and Business Seasonality. 

67 

Table of Contents 

Liquidity and Capital Resources

Overview

OneWater Inc. is a holding company with no operations and is the sole managing member of OneWater LLC. OneWater Inc s principal asset consists of common units of OneWater LLC. Our earnings and cash flows and
 ability to meet our obligations under the Credit Facility, and any other debt obligations will depend on the cash flows resulting from the operations of our operating subsidiaries, and the payment of distributions by such subsidiaries.
 Our Credit Facility and Inventory Financing Facility (described below) contain certain restrictions on distributions or transfers from our operating subsidiaries to their members or unitholders, as applicable, as described in the
 summaries below under Debt Agreements Credit Facility and Inventory Financing Facility. Accordingly, the operating results of our subsidiaries may not be sufficient for them to make distributions to us. As a result, our ability to
 make payments under the Credit Facility and any other debt obligations or to declare dividends could be limited.

Our cash needs are primarily for growth through acquisitions and working capital to support our operations, including new and pre-owned boat and related parts inventories and off-season liquidity. We
 routinely monitor our cash flow to determine the amount of cash available to complete acquisitions of dealer groups and stores. We monitor our inventories, inventory aging and current market trends to determine our current and future
 inventory and related floorplan financing needs. Based on current facts and circumstances, we believe we will have adequate cash flow from operations, borrowings under our Credit Facilities and proceeds from any future issuances of debt
 or equity to fund our current operations, and essential capital expenditures and acquisitions for the next twelve months.

Cash needs for acquisitions have historically been financed with our credit facilities, including the Credit Facility and cash generated from operations. Our ability to utilize the Credit Facility to fund
 operations depends upon Adjusted EBITDA and compliance with covenants of the Credit Facility. Cash needs for inventory have historically been financed with our Inventory Financing Facility. Our ability to fund inventory purchases and
 operations depends on the collateral levels and our compliance with the covenants of the Inventory Financing Facility. As of September 30, 2021, we were in compliance with all covenants under the Credit Facility and the Inventory
 Financing Facility.

Cash Flows

Analysis of Cash Flow Changes Between the Year Ended September 30, 2021 and 2020

The following table summarizes our cash flows for the periods indicated:

Year Ended September 30,

Description

2021

2020

Change

in thousands, unaudited)

Net cash provided by operating activities

159,423

212,477

(53,054

Net cash used in investing activities

(117,130

(4,672

(112,458

Net cash used in financing activities

(36,497

(151,144

114,647

Net change in cash

5,796

56,661

(50,865

68 

Table of Contents 

Operating Activities . Net cash provided by operating
 activities was 159.4 million for the year ended September 30, 2021 compared to net cash provided by operating activities of 212.5 million for the year ended September 30, 2020. The 53.1 million decrease in cash provided by operating
 activities was primarily attributable to a 101.9 million decrease in the change in inventory, partially offset by a 67.9 million increase in net income for the year ended September 30, 2021 as compared to the year ended September 30,
 2020. 

Investing Activities . Net cash used in investing
 activities was 117.1 million for the year ended September 30, 2021 compared to 4.7 million for the year ended September 30, 2020. The 112.5 million increase in cash used in investing activities was primarily attributable to a 107.5
 million increase in cash used in acquisitions for the year ended September 30, 2021 as compared to the year ended September 30, 2020. 

Financing Activities . Net cash used in financing
 activities was 36.5 million for the year ended September 30, 2021 compared to net cash used in financing activities of 151.1 million for the year ended September 30, 2020. The 114.6 million decrease in cash used in financing
 activities was primarily attributable to an 90.5 million decrease in the distributions to redeemable preferred interest members and redemption of redeemable preferred interest, a 77.8 million increase in net borrowings on our
 Inventory Financing Facility and a 112.9 million decrease in payments on long-term debt, partially offset by 59.2 million decrease in proceeds from issuance of Class A common stock sold in the IPO, net of underwriting discounts and
 commissions, 8.1 million decrease in proceeds from issuance of Class A common stock sold in the September offering, net of underwriting discounts and commissions, and a 99.3 million decrease in proceeds on long-term debt for the year
 ended September 30, 2021 as compared to the year ended September 30, 2020. 

Analysis of Cash Flow Changes Between the Year Ended September 30, 2020 and 2019

The following table summarizes our cash flows for the periods indicated:

Year Ended September 30,

Description

2020

2019

Change

in thousands, unaudited)

Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities

212,477

(5,725

218,202

Net cash used in investing activities

(4,672

(10,998

6,326

Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities

(151,144

12,458

(163,602

Net change in cash

56,661

(4,265

60,926

Operating Activities . Net cash provided by operating
 activities was 212.5 million for the year ended September 30, 2020 compared to net cash used in operating activities of 5.7 million for the year ended September 30, 2019. The 218.2 million increase in cash provided by operating
 activities was primarily attributable to a 166.2 million increase in the change in inventory, a 12.9 million increase in the change in customer deposits, a 9.9 million increase in the change in other payables and accrued expenses and
 a 11.2 million increase in net income for the year ended September 30, 2020 as compared to the year ended September 30, 2019. 

Investing Activities . Net cash used in investing
 activities was 4.7 million for the year ended September 30, 2020 compared to 11.0 million for the year ended September 30, 2019. The 6.3 million decrease in cash used in investing activities was primarily attributable to a 19.4
 million decrease in cash used in acquisitions partially offset by a 15.6 million decrease in proceeds from sale and leaseback for the year ended September 30, 2020 as compared to the year ended September 30, 2019. 

Financing Activities . Net cash used in financing
 activities was 151.1 million for the year ended September 30, 2020 compared to net cash provided by financing activities of 12.5 million for the year ended September 30, 2019. The 163.6 million decrease in financing cash flow was
 primarily attributable to an 87.1 million increase in the distributions to redeemable preferred interest members and redemption of redeemable preferred interest, a 125.7 million decrease in net borrowings on our Inventory Financing
 Facility and a 111.9 million increase in payments on long-term debt, partially offset by 59.2 million in proceeds from issuance of Class A common stock sold in the IPO, net of underwriting discounts and commissions, 8.1 million in
 proceeds from issuance of Class A common stock sold in the September offering, net of underwriting discounts and commissions, and a 115.5 million increase in proceeds on long-term debt for the year ended September 30, 2020 as compared
 to the year ended September 30, 2019. 

69 

Table of Contents 

Debt Agreements

Credit Facility

Effective July 22, 2020, we and certain of our subsidiaries entered into the Credit Facility. The Credit Facility provides for a 30.0 million revolving credit facility that may be used for revolving credit
 loans (including up to 5.0 million in swingline loans) and up to 5.0 million in letters of credit from time to time, and a 80.0 million term loan, which was advanced in full on July 22, 2020. Subject to certain conditions, the
 available amount under the revolving credit facility and the term loans may be increased by 50.0 million in the aggregate. The revolving credit facility matures on July 22, 2025. The term loan is repayable in installments beginning on
 March 31, 2021, with the remainder due on July 22, 2025.

On February 2, 2021, we entered into the Incremental Amendment No. 1 (the First Incremental Amendment to the Credit Facility to provide for, among other things, an incremental term loan (the Incremental Term Loan to OWAO in an aggregate principal amount equal to 30.0 million, which was added to, and constitutes a part of, the
 existing 80.0 million term loan. As provided for by the First Incremental Amendment, the proceeds of the Incremental Term Loan were used to pay off the balance of the revolving credit facility, under which an aggregate of 30.0 million
 was outstanding as of February 1, 2021. As of September 30, 2021, we had 105.9 million outstanding under the term loan and no amount outstanding under the revolving credit facility. 

On November 30, 2021, we entered into the Incremental Amendment No. 2 (the Second Incremental Amendment to the Credit Facility to provide for, among other things, an incremental term
 loan (the Second Incremental Term Loan to OWAO in an aggregate principal amount equal to 200.0 million, which will be added to, and constitute a part of, the existing 110.0 million term loan. The Second Incremental Term Loan is on
 the same terms (including interest rates, but excluding upfront fees, original issue discount and other similar amounts) applicable to the existing term loan under the Credit Facility and the other loan documents. As provide for by the
 Second Incremental Amendment, the proceeds of the Second Incremental Term Loan were used to finance the Company s acquisition of T-H Marine. The maturity date for the Second Incremental Term Loan is the earlier of (i) July 22, 2025 or
 (ii) the date on which the principal amount of all outstanding term loans have been declared or automatically have become due and payable pursuant to the terms of the Credit Facility. The Second Incremental Amendment further provides for
 a 20.0 million increase in the existing revolving commitment (the Incremental Revolving Increase ), which was added to, and constitutes a part of, the existing 30.0 million revolving commitment. The Incremental Revolving Increase
 constitutes a single class of revolving commitments with the existing revolving commitment. The Incremental Revolving Increase is secured by identical collateral and guaranties on identical terms as the existing revolving commitment. The
 maturity date for the Incremental Revolving Increase is the earlier of (i) July 22, 2025 and (ii) the date on which the Revolving Commitments (as defined in the Credit Facility) are terminated pursuant to the terms of the Credit Facility.

Borrowings under the Credit Facility bear interest, at OWAO s option, at either (a) a base rate (the Base Rate equal to the highest of (i) the prime rate (as announced by Truist Bank from time to time),
 (ii) the Federal Funds Rate, as in effect from time to time, plus 0.50 , (iii) the Adjusted LIBO Rate (defined below) determined on a daily basis for an interest period of one month, plus 1.00 , or (iv) 1.75 , plus an applicable margin of
 up to 2.00 , or (b) the rate per annum obtained by dividing the London Interbank Offered Rate for such interest period by a percentage equal to 1.00 minus the Eurodollar Reserve Percentage (the Adjusted LIBO Rate plus an applicable
 margin of up to 3.00 . Interest on swingline loans shall be the Base Rate plus an applicable margin of up to 2.00 . All applicable interest margins are subject to step-downs based on certain consolidated leverage ratio measures.

The Credit Facility is subject to certain financial covenants related to the maintenance of a minimum fixed charge coverage ratio and a maximum consolidated leverage ratio.

The proceeds of the term loan portion of the Credit Facility, together with cash on OWAO s balance sheet, have been used (i) to pay for the Refinancing, (ii) to pay the fees and expenses incurred in
 connection with the Refinancing and (iii) for working capital and general corporate purposes.

70 

Table of Contents 

Inventory Financing Facility

On June 14, 2018, OneWater LLC and certain of our subsidiaries entered into the Inventory Financing Facility. On September 21, 2018, OneWater LLC and certain of our subsidiaries entered into the First
 Amendment to the Fourth Amended and Restated Inventory Financing Agreement, which, among other things, increased the maximum amount of borrowing available under the Inventory Financing Facility from 200.0 million to 275.0 million. On
 April 5, 2019, OneWater LLC and certain of its subsidiaries further amended the Inventory Financing Facility to, among other things, increase the maximum amount of borrowing available under the Inventory Financing Facility from 275.0
 million to 292.5 million. On November 26, 2019, OneWater LLC and certain of its subsidiaries entered into the Fifth Amended and Restated Inventory Financing Agreement with Wells Fargo to, among other things, increase the maximum amount
 of borrowing available under the Inventory Financing Facility from 292.5 million to 392.5 million.

Effective February 11, 2020, in connection with the IPO, OneWater Inc. and certain of its subsidiaries entered into the Sixth Amended and Restated Inventory Financing Agreement with Wells Fargo (as amended,
 the Inventory Financing Facility ), which amended and restated the Fifth Amended and Restated Inventory Financing Agreement, dated as of November 26, 2019, to, among other things, permit certain payments and transactions contemplated by
 or in connection with the IPO, including payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement. The maximum amount of borrowing available, interest rates and the termination date of the Inventory Financing Facility remained unchanged.

On July 22, 2020, the Company, OneWater LLC, Opco and certain of Opco s subsidiaries entered into the First Amendment (the First Amendment to the Inventory Financing Facility. The First Amendment amended
 the Inventory Financing Facility, to, among other things, address the Refinancing, permit the amount of indebtedness allowed under the Credit Facility to be 160.0 million (which includes the potential for a 50.0 million increase under
 the Credit Facility), permit the payment of fees and expenses in connection with the termination of the Term and Revolver Credit Facility and the payment of present and future transaction costs incurred in connection with the negotiation,
 closing and ongoing administration of the Credit Facility.

On December 10, 2020, the Company and certain of its subsidiaries entered into the Second Amendment to the Inventory Financing Facility to change certain compliance reporting from weekly to monthly. The
 maximum borrowing amount available, interest rates and the termination date of the agreement remained unchanged.

On September 23, 2021, the Company entered into the Third Amendment to the Inventory Financing Facility, (the Third Amendment ), to, among other things, address the future
 discontinuance of LIBOR by clarifying the mechanics related to the transition to a replacement benchmark rate and to extend the term of the Inventory Financing Facility to November 1, 2021. The maximum borrowing amount available remained
 unchanged. The Inventory Financing Facility is used to purchase new and pre-owned inventory (boats, engines, and trailers).

On October 29, 2021, the Company entered into the Fourth Amendment to the Inventory Financing Facility to (a) increase the amount of Permitted Indebtedness (as defined in the Inventory
 Financing Facility) to 360.0 million and (b) extend the term of the Inventory Financing Facility to December 1, 2021.

On December 1, 2021, the Company entered into the Fifth Amendment the Inventory Financing Facility to (a) increase the amount of Permitted Indebtedness (as defined in the Inventory Financing Facility) to 380.0 million and (b) extend the term of the Inventory Financing Facility to January 1, 2022 .

In the historical periods presented, the interest rate for amounts outstanding under the Inventory Financing Facility is calculated using the one month LIBOR plus an applicable margin of 2.75 to 5.00 for
 new boats and at the new boat rate plus 0.25 for pre-owned boats. Loans will be extended from time to time to enable us to purchase inventory from certain manufacturers and to lease certain boats and related parts to customers. The
 applicable financial terms, curtailment schedule and maturity for each loan will be set forth in separate program terms letters entered into from time to time. The collateral for the Inventory Financing Facility consists primarily of our
 inventory that is financed through the Inventory Financing Facility and related assets, including accounts receivable, bank accounts, and proceeds of the foregoing, and excludes the collateral that underlies the Credit Facility.

71 

Table of Contents 

As part of the Third Amendment, effective October 1, 2021, the interest rate applied to the loans provided pursuant to the Inventory Financing Facility will no longer be calculated using
 LIBOR but instead calculated using SOFR (as further described in the Third Amendment). Subsequent to the change, the interest on new boats and for rental boats will be calculated using the Adjusted 30-Day Average SOFR (as further
 described in the Third Amendment), plus the Applicable Margin. The interest rate for pre-owned boats will be calculated using the new boat rate set forth above plus 0.25 .

We are required to comply with certain financial and non-financial covenants under the Inventory Financing Facility, including provisions that the Funded Debt to EBITDA Ratio (as
 defined in the Inventory Financing Facility) of OneWater LLC must not exceed 2.00 to 1.00, and that our Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio (as defined in the Inventory Financing Facility) on a consolidated basis must be at least 1.50 to 1.00. We
 are also subject to additional restrictive covenants, including restrictions on our ability to (i) use, sell, rent or otherwise dispose of any collateral underlying the Inventory Financing Facility except for the sale of inventory in the
 ordinary course of business, (ii) incur certain liens, (iii) engage in any material transaction not in the ordinary course of business, (iv) change our business in any material manner or our organizational structure, other than as
 otherwise provided for in the Inventory Financing Facility, (v) engage in certain mergers or consolidations, (vi) acquire certain assets or ownership interest of any other person or entities, except for certain permitted acquisitions,
 (vii) guarantee or indemnify or otherwise become in any way liable with respect to certain obligations of any other person or entity, except as provided by the Inventory Financing Facility, (viii) redeem, retire, purchase or otherwise
 acquire, directly or indirectly, any of the equity of our acquired dealer groups, (ix) make any change in any of our dealer groups capital structure or in any of its business objectives or operations which might in any way adversely
 affect the ability of such dealer group to repay its obligations under the Inventory Financing Facility, (x) incur, create, assume, guarantee or otherwise become or remain liable with respect to certain indebtedness, and (xi) make certain
 payments of subordinated debt. OneWater LLC and its subsidiaries are restricted from, among other things, making cash dividends or distributions without the prior written consent of Wells Fargo Commercial Distribution Finance, LLC (the
 Agent ). Under the Inventory Financing Facility, among other exceptions, OneWater LLC may make distributions to its members for certain permitted tax payments subject to certain financial ratios, may make scheduled payments on certain
 subordinated debt and is permitted to make pro rata distributions to the OneWater Unit Holders, including OneWater Inc., in an amount sufficient to allow OneWater Inc. to pay its taxes and to make payments under the Tax Receivable
 Agreement. OneWater LLC s subsidiaries are generally restricted from making loans or advances to OneWater LLC. Our Chief Executive Officer, Philip Austin Singleton, Jr., and our Chief Operating Officer, Anthony Aisquith, provide certain
 personal guarantees of the Inventory Financing Facility.

On June 16, 2021, OneWater Inc. and OneWater LLC obtained a written consent from the Agent to permit the payment of the Special Dividend.

As of September 30, 2021 and September 30, 2020, our indebtedness associated with financing our inventory under the Inventory Financing Facility totaled 114.2 million and 124.0
 million, respectively. Certain of our manufacturers enter into independent agreements with the lenders to the Inventory Financing Facility, which results in a lower effective interest rate charged to us for borrowings related to the
 products by such manufacturer. As of September 30, 2021 and September 30, 2020, the effective interest rate on the outstanding short-term borrowings under the Inventory Financing Facility was 2.0 and 3.9 , respectively. As of September
 30, 2021 and September 30, 2020, our additional available borrowings under our Inventory Financing Facility were 278.3 million and 268.5 million, respectively, based upon the outstanding borrowings and the maximum facility amount. The
 aging of our inventory limits our borrowing capacity as defined curtailments reduce the allowable advance rate as our inventory ages. As of September 30, 2021, we were in compliance with all covenants under the Inventory Financing
 Facility.

Notes Payable

Acquisition Notes Payable . In connection with certain of
 our acquisitions of dealer groups, we have entered into notes payable agreements with the acquired entities to finance these acquisitions. As of September 30, 2021, our indebtedness associated with our 4 acquisition notes payable
 totaled an aggregate of 7.4 million with a weighted average interest rate of 5.3 per annum. As of September 30, 2021, the principal amount outstanding under these acquisition notes payable ranged from 1.3 million to 2.2 million, and
 the maturity dates ranged from December 1, 2021 to December 1, 2023. 

72 

Table of Contents 

Commercial Vehicles Notes Payable . Since 2015, we have
 entered into multiple notes payable with various commercial lenders in connection with our acquisition of certain vehicles utilized in our retail operations. Such notes bear interest ranging from 0.0 to 8.9 per annum, require monthly
 payments of approximately 114,000, and mature on dates between October 2021 to July 2028. As of September 30, 2020, we had 3.2 million outstanding under the commercial vehicles notes payable. 

Contractual Obligations

The table below provides estimates of the timing of future payments that we are contractually obligated to make based on agreements in place at September 30, 2021.

Payments Due by Period

Less than 1 year

1 3 years

3 5 years

More than 5 

 years

Total

(in thousands)

Credit Facility(1)

5,500

17,887

82,488

105,875

Inventory Financing Facility(2)

114,234

114,234

Notes Payable(3)

6,393

3,686

541

39

10,659

Estimated interest payments(4)

3,222

5,365

1,155

9,742

Operating lease obligations(5)

13,118

24,514

22,464

53,473

113,569

Total

142,467

51,452

106,648

53,512

354,079

(1) 

Payments are generally made as required pursuant to the Credit Facility discussed above under Debt Agreements Credit Facility. 

(2) 

Payments are generally made as required pursuant to the Inventory Financing Facility discussed above under Debt Agreements Inventory Financing Facility. Amounts do not include estimated interest payments.

(3) 

Includes notes payable entered into in connection with certain of our acquisitions of dealer groups and notes payable entered into with various commercial lenders in connection with our acquisition of certain vehicles. Payments
 are generally made as required pursuant to the terms of the relevant notes payable and as discussed above under Debt Agreements Notes Payable. 

(4) 

Estimated interest payments based on the outstanding principal and stated interest rates on the Credit Facility and Notes Payable.

(5) 

Includes certain physical facilities and equipment that we lease under noncancelable operating leases.

Tax Receivable Agreement

The Tax Receivable Agreement generally provides for the payment by OneWater Inc. to certain of the OneWater Unit Holders of 85 of the net cash savings, if any, in U.S. federal, state and local income tax and
 franchise tax (computed using the estimated impact of state and local taxes) that OneWater Inc. actually realizes (or is deemed to realize in certain circumstances) in periods after the IPO as a result of certain tax basis increases and
 certain tax benefits attributable to imputed interest. OneWater Inc. will retain the benefit of the remaining 15 of these net cash savings. To the extent OneWater LLC has available cash and subject to the terms of any current or future
 debt or other agreements, the OneWater LLC Agreement will require OneWater LLC to make pro rata cash distributions to OneWater Unit Holders, including OneWater Inc., in an amount sufficient to allow OneWater Inc. to pay its taxes and to
 make payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement. We generally expect OneWater LLC to fund such distributions out of available cash. However, except in cases where OneWater Inc. elects to terminate the Tax Receivable Agreement early, the
 Tax Receivable Agreement is terminated early due to certain mergers or other changes of control or OneWater Inc. has available cash but fails to make payments when due, generally OneWater Inc. may elect to defer payments due under the Tax
 Receivable Agreement if it does not have available cash to satisfy its payment obligations under the Tax Receivable Agreement or if its contractual obligations limit its ability to make these payments. Any such deferred payments under the
 Tax Receivable Agreement generally will accrue interest. In certain cases, payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement may be accelerated and/or significantly exceed the actual benefits, if any, OneWater Inc. realizes in respect of the
 tax attributes subject to the Tax Receivable Agreement. In the case of such an acceleration, where applicable, we generally expect the accelerated payments due under the Tax Receivable Agreement to be funded out of the proceeds of the
 change of control transaction giving rise to such acceleration. OneWater Inc. intends to account for any amounts payable under the Tax Receivable Agreement in accordance with ASC Topic 450, Contingencies.

73 

Table of Contents 

Off Balance Sheet Arrangements

We have no material off balance sheet arrangements, except for operating leases and purchase commitments under supply agreements entered into in the normal course of business.

Recent Accounting Pronouncements

See Note 3 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements.

Item 7A. 

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk.

Interest Rate Risk

Our Inventory Financing Facility exposes us to risks caused by fluctuations in interest rates. As of September 30, 2021, the interest rate on our Inventory Financing Facility for major unit inventory is
 calculated using the one-month LIBOR plus an applicable margin. Based on an outstanding balance of 114.2 million as of September 30, 2021, a change of 100 basis points in the underlying interest rate would have caused a change in
 interest expense of approximately 1.1 million. We do not currently hedge our interest rate exposure. This hypothetical increase does not take into account a corresponding increase to the programs that we may receive from our
 manufacturers or management s ability to curtail inventory and related floor plan balances, both of which would reduce the impact of the interest rate increase.

Our Credit Facility exposes us to risks caused by fluctuations in interest rates. The interest rate on our Credit Facility is calculated using the one-month LIBOR (with a 0.75 floor) plus an applicable
 margin. Based on an outstanding balance of 105.9 million and the one-month LIBOR as of September 30, 2021, an increase of 100 basis points in the underlying interest rate would have caused a change in interest expense of approximately
 0.3 million. A basis points reduction in the underlying interest rate would not have caused a change in interest expense. We do not currently hedge our interest rate exposure.

Foreign Currency Risk

We purchase certain of our new boat and parts inventories from foreign manufacturers. Although we purchase our inventories in U.S. dollars, our business is subject to foreign exchange rate risk that may
 influence manufacturers ability to provide their products at competitive prices in the United States. To the extent that we cannot recapture this volatility in prices charged to customers or if this volatility negatively impacts consumer
 demand for our products, this volatility could adversely affect our future operating results.

74 

Table of Contents 

Item 8. 

Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.

INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

OneWater Marine Inc.

Page 

Consolidated Financial Statements 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

76 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2021 and 2020 

78 

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019 

79

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders and Members Equity for the Years Ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019 

80

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019 

81 

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

82 

75 

Table of Contents 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

Board of Directors and Stockholders

OneWater Marine Inc.

Opinion on the financial statements

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of OneWater Marine Inc. (a Delaware corporation) and subsidiaries (the Company as of September 30, 2021 and 2020, the related consolidated statements of operations, changes in stockholders and members equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended September 30, 2021, and the related
 notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of September 30, 2021 and 2020, and the
 results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended September 30, 2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.

We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB ), the
 Company s internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2021, based on criteria established in the 2013 Internal
 Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO ), and our report dated December 17, 2021 expressed an unqualified opinion.

Change in accounting principle

As discussed in Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company has changed its method of accounting for leases as of October 1,
 2020, due to the adoption of Accounting Standards Codification Topic 842, Leases .

Basis for opinion

These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
 financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable
 rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
 reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial
 statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our
 audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable
 basis for our opinion.

Critical audit matters

The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were
 communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex
 judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions
 on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate.

76 

Table of Contents 

Valuation of Contingent Consideration

As described further in note 4 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company recognized liabilities for contingent consideration
 related to the acquisitions of Walker Marine Group and PartsVu. The estimated liabilities for contingent consideration are remeasured at each reporting date based on updated assumptions. At September 30, 2021, the contingent
 consideration liabilities related to Walker Marine Group and PartsVu was 6.9 million and 3.3 million, respectively. The estimated contingent consideration is subject to achievement of certain post-acquisition increases in adjusted
 earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortization adjusted EBITDA ). The contingent consideration was determined by management using weighted average projections for the estimated post-acquisition adjusted EBITDA and
 was based on the Company s historical experience with acquisitions as well as current forecasts for the industry. We identified the valuation of the acquisition-date fair value and subsequent reporting period-end revaluation of the
 contingent consideration related to Walker Marine Group and PartsVu as a critical audit matter because of the significant judgements required by management to estimate the liabilities.

The principal considerations for our determination that the valuation of contingent consideration related to Walker Marine Group and PartsVu
 is a critical audit matter are that management s assumptions for the amount and timing of forecasted adjusted EBITDA and discount rates utilized in the model are subjective in nature. Auditing management s assumptions involved a high
 degree of auditor judgment and increased audit effort, including the use of valuation specialists, as changes in these assumptions could have a significant impact on the fair value of the contingent consideration.

Our audit procedures related to the Company s valuation of contingent consideration related to Walker Marine Group and PartsVu included the
 following, among others:

We tested the reasonableness of the forecasted adjusted EBITDA by (1) comparing projected amounts to historical periods and trends and (2) obtained an
 understanding of drivers of underlying projected amounts, including consideration of industry information and economic trends.

We utilized a specialist, who:

o 

Developed an independent estimate of the fair value of the contingent consideration utilizing a different model than management.

Valuation of trade names acquired

As described further in note 4 to the consolidated financial statements, during the year ended September 30, 2021, the Company acquired Walker
 Marine Group, Roscioli Yachting Center, Tom George Yacht Group, Stone Harbor Marina and PartsVu. The Company s accounting for these acquisitions included determining the fair value of the 24.0 million of tradenames acquired. The
 Company applies an income approach for the fair value of trade names, which discounts the estimate of future net cash flow using an appropriate discount rate that reflects the risks associated with such projected future cash flow. We
 identified the valuation of tradenames acquired during the year ended September 30, 2021 as a critical audit matter because of the significant judgements required by management to estimate the fair value.

The principal considerations for our determination that the valuation of trade names acquired during the year ended September 30, 2021 is a
 critical audit matter are that management assumptions for sales projections of acquired companies, royalty rates utilized in the relief from royalty methodology, and discount rates, are subjective in nature.

Our audit procedures related to the Company s valuation of trade names acquired during the year ended September 30, 2021 included the
 following, among others:

We tested the reasonableness of the revenue growth rates by (1) comparing projected amounts to historical periods and trends and (2) obtaining an
 understanding of drivers of underlying projected amounts, including consideration of industry information and economic trends.

We utilized a specialist in evaluating the appropriateness of the Company s methodology and the royalty rates and discount rates used in the valuation.
 Our specialists calculated a range of rates using market participant inputs and performed analysis to test sensitivity to changes in the royalty and discount rates.

/s/ GRANT THORNTON LLP

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2017.

Atlanta, Georgia

December 17, 2021

77 

Table of Contents 

ONEWATER MARINE INC.

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS

in thousands, except par value and share data)

September 30, 2021

September 30, 2020

Assets

Current assets:

Cash

Restricted cash

Accounts receivable, net

Inventories

Prepaid expenses and other current assets

Total current assets

Property and equipment, net

Operating lease right-of-use assets

Other assets:

Deposits

Deferred tax assets

Identifiable intangible assets

Goodwill

Total other assets

Total assets

Liabilities and Stockholders Equity

Current liabilities:

Accounts payable

Other payables and accrued expenses

Customer deposits

Notes payable floor plan

Current portion of operating lease liabilities

Current portion of long-term debt

Current portion of tax receivable agreement liability

Total current liabilities

Long-term Liabilities:

Other long-term liabilities

Tax receivable agreement liability

Noncurrent operating lease liabilities

Long-term debt, net of current portion and unamortized debt issuance costs

Total liabilities

Stockholders Equity:

Preferred stock, par value, shares authorized, 
 issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2021 and September 30, 2020

Class A common stock, par value, shares authorized, 
 shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2021 and issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2020 

Class B common stock, par value, shares authorized, 
 shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2021 and issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2020 

Additional paid-in capital

Retained earnings

Total stockholders equity attributable to OneWater Marine Inc.

Equity attributable to non-controlling interests

Total stockholders equity

Total liabilities and stockholders equity

78 

Table of Contents 

ONEWATER MARINE INC.

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS

in thousands except per share data)

For the Years Ended September 30,

2021 

2020 

2019 

Revenues

New boat 

Pre-owned boat 

Finance insurance income

Service, parts other 

Total revenues

Cost of sales (exclusive of depreciation and amortization shown separately below)

New boat

Pre-owned boat

Service, parts other

Total cost of sales

Selling, general and administrative expenses

Depreciation and amortization

Transaction costs

Loss (gain) on contingent consideration

Income from operations

Other expense (income)

Interest expense floor plan

Interest expense other

Change in fair value of warrant liability

Loss on extinguishment of debt

Other (income) expense, net

Total other expense (income), net

Income before income tax expense

Income tax expense

Net income

Less: Net income attributable to non-controlling interests

Net income attributable to One Water Marine Holdings, LLC

Less: Net income attributable to non-controlling interests of One Water Marine Holdings, LLC

Net income attributable to OneWater Marine Inc.

Earnings per share of Class A common stock basic (1)

Earnings per share of Class A common stock diluted (1)

Basic weighted-average shares of Class A common stock outstanding (1)

Diluted weighted-average shares of Class A common stock outstanding (1)

(1)

79 

Table of Contents 

ONEWATER MARINE INC.

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS AND MEMBERS EQUITY

in thousands)

Class A Common Stock

Class B Common Stock

Redeemable Preferred Interest in Subsidiary

Members Equity

Shares

Amount

Shares

Amount

Additional Paid-in Capital

Retained Earnings

Non-

 controlling Interest

Total Stockholders and Members Equity

Balance at September 30, 2018

Net income

-

-

Distributions to members

-

-

Accumulated unpaid preferred returns

-

-

Accretion of redeemable preferred and issuance costs

-

-

Equity-based compensation

-

-

-

Balance at September 30, 2019

Net (loss) income prior to the initial public offering

-

-

Distributions to members prior to the initial public offering

-

-

Accumulated unpaid preferred returns prior to the initial public offering

-

-

Accretion of redeemable preferred and issuance costs prior to the initial public offering

-

-

Equity-based compensation prior to the initial public offering

-

-

-

Effect of the initial public offering and related transactions

Effect of September offering

-

Exchange of B shares for A shares

-

Distributions subsequent to the initial public offering

-

-

-

Establishment of liabilities under tax receivable agreement and related changes to deferred tax assets associated with increases in tax basis

-

-

-

Equity-based compensation subsequent to the initial public offering

-

-

-

Net income subsequent to the initial public offering

-

-

-

Balance at September 30, 2020

Net income 

- 

- 

Distributions to members 

- 

- 

Dividends and distributions 

- 

- 

- 

Effect of September offering, including underwriter exercise of option to purchase shares 

- 

Exchange of B shares for A shares 

- 

Establishment of liabilities under tax receivable agreement and related changes to deferred tax assets associated with increases in
 tax basis 

- 

- 

- 

Shares issued upon vesting of equity-based awards, net of tax withholding 

- 

Shares issued in connection with a business combination 

- 

Adjustment to adopt Topic 842 

- 

- 

- 

Equity-based compensation 

- 

- 

- 

Balance at September 30, 2021 

- 

80 

Table of Contents 

ONEWATER MARINE INC.

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS

in thousands)

For the Years Ended September 30,

2021 

2020 

2019 

Cash flows from operating activities

Net income

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities:

Depreciation and amortization

Equity-based compensation 

(Gain) loss on asset disposals

Change in fair value of warrant liability

Loss on extinguishment of debt

Non-cash interest expense

Deferred income tax provision

Loss (gain) on contingent consideration

(Increase) decrease in assets:

Accounts receivable

Inventories

Prepaid expenses and other current assets

Deposits

Increase (decrease) in liabilities:

Accounts payable

Other payables and accrued expenses

Customer deposits

Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities

Cash flows from investing activities

Purchases of property and equipment and construction in progress

Proceeds from disposal of property and equipment

Proceeds from sale and leaseback

Cash used in acquisitions

Net cash used in investing activities

Cash flows from financing activities

Net (payments) borrowings from floor plan

Proceeds from long-term debt

Payments on long-term debt

Payments of debt issuance costs

Payments of debt extinguishment costs

Payments of initial public offering costs

Payments of September offering costs

Payment of acquisition contingent consideration

Distributions to redeemable preferred interest members and redemption of redeemable preferred interest

Proceeds from issuance of Class A common stock sold in initial public offering, net of underwriting discounts and commissions

Proceeds from issuance of Class A common stock sold in September offering, net of underwriting discounts and commissions

Payments of tax withholdings for equity-based awards 

Dividends and distributions 

Distributions to members

Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities

Net change in cash

Cash and restricted cash at beginning of period

Cash and restricted cash at end of period

Supplemental cash flow disclosures

Cash paid for interest

Cash paid for income taxes

Noncash items

Acquisition purchase price funded by long-term debt

Acquisition purchase price funded by seller notes payable

Acquisition purchase price funded by contingent consideration

Acquisition purchase price funded by issuance of Class A common stock 

Accrued purchase consideration 

Purchase of property and equipment funded by long-term debt

Dividends payable 

Distributions payable 

Offering costs, accrued not yet paid

Initial operating lease right-of-use-assets for adoption of Topic 842 

81 

Table of Contents 

OneWater Marine Inc. and Subsidiaries

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

stores in states,
 consisting of Alabama, Florida, Georgia, Kentucky, Maryland, Massachusetts, New Jersey, North Carolina, Ohio, South Carolina, and Texas.

brands represent approximately ,
 and 
 of total sales for the years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively, making them major suppliers of the Company. Of this amount, Malibu Boats, Inc, including its brands Malibu, Axis, Cobalt, Pursuit, Maverick, Hewes, Cobia
 and Pathfinder accounted for , and of our consolidated revenue for the years ended
 September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. As is typical in the industry, the Company contracts with most manufacturers under renewable annual dealer agreements, each of which provides the right to sell various makes and models of
 boats within a given geographic region. Any change or termination of these agreements, or the agreements discussed above, for any reason, or changes in competitive, regulatory, or marketing practices, including rebate or incentive programs,
 could adversely affect results of operations. Pre-owned boats are usually trade-ins from retail customers who are purchasing a boat from the Company.

82 

Table of Contents 

shares of Class A common stock, par value 
 per share (the Class A common stock ), which includes the exercise in full of the underwriters option to purchase up to 
 additional shares of Class A common stock pursuant to the Underwriting Agreement, at a price to the public of per share.
 After deducting underwriting discounts and commissions, OneWater Inc received net proceeds of million. OneWater Inc
 contributed all of the net proceeds of the IPO received to OneWater LLC in exchange for limited liability company interests in OneWater LLC LLC Units ). OneWater LLC used the net proceeds, cash on hand and borrowings under its Amended and
 Restated Credit and Guaranty Agreement by and among OneWater Inc, OneWater LLC and its subsidiaries, with Goldman Sachs Specialty Lending Group, L.P. (i) to pay million to one Legacy Owner in exchange for the surrender of a preferred distribution right and (ii) to contribute cash to OWAO in exchange for additional units therein, and OWAO
 used such cash to fully redeem the preferred interest in subsidiary held by Goldman Sachs Co. LLC and certain of its affiliates (collectively, Goldman and affiliates of The Beekman Group Beekman ). Additionally, the Company
 provided certain of the existing owners of OneWater LLC, including Goldman and Beekman and certain members of the Company s management team, the right to receive a tax distribution to cover taxable income arising as a result of OneWater
 LLC s operating income through the period ending on the date of the closing of the IPO. 

shares of Class A common stock, at a public offering price
 of per share, less underwriting discounts and commissions. OneWater Inc sold shares of Class A common stock, and certain stockholders of the Company (the Selling Stockholders sold shares of Class A common stock. In connection with the September Offering, Goldman granted the underwriters a option to purchase up to an additional 
 shares of the Company s Class A common stock (the Optional Shares ). On September 29, 2020, the underwriters notified OneWater Inc and Goldman of their intent to purchase an additional Optional Shares. The sale of the Optional Shares closed on October 2,2020. The Company did not receive any proceeds from the sale of the Optional Shares or the
 Class A common stock sold by Selling Stockholders.

million. OneWater Inc contributed all of the net proceeds of the September Offering
 received to OneWater LLC in exchange for LLC Units. OneWater LLC used the net proceeds for general corporate purposes.

83 

Table of Contents 

of the economic interest
 of OneWater LLC.

by the Federal Deposit Insurance
 Corporation (FDIC). At September 30, 2021 and 2020, the Company exceeded FDIC limits at various institutions. The Company has not experienced any losses in such accounts and believes there is little to no exposure to any significant credit
 risk.

84 

Table of Contents 

Buildings and improvements

- 

Leasehold improvements

Machinery and equipment

- 

Office equipment

- 

85 

Table of Contents 

t record an impairment of our property and equipment in fiscal years 2021, 2020 and 2019.

impairment for goodwill was required for the years then ended.

impairment for identifiable intangible assets was required for the years then ended.

86 

Table of Contents 

million and
 million as of September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively .

Revenue recognized from contract
 liabilities included in the beginning balance

Increases due to cash received, net of
 amounts recognized in revenue during the period

Ending contract liability

million contract asset in prepaid expenses and other current assets as of September 30, 2020. Net income
 increased million, basic and diluted EPS each increased per share for the year ended September 30, 2020 in accordance with the adoption.

87 

Table of Contents 

Goods and services transferred over time

Total Revenue

million, million and million, which are net of related co-op assistance of 
 million, million and 
 million, respectively.

88 

Table of Contents 

operating segment, marine retail. The marine retail segment consists of the sale of new and pre-owned boats, arrangement of finance and
 insurance products, performance of repair and maintenance services and offering marine related parts and accessories. The marine retail business has discrete financial information and is regularly reviewed by the Company s chief operating
 decision maker CODM to assess performance and allocate resources. The Company has identified its Chief Executive Officer as its CODM. The Company has determined its marine retail operating segment is its reporting unit and is also the
 reportable segment.

million increase in retained earnings. See Note 18 for additional disclosure. 

89 

Table of Contents 

90 

Table of Contents 

acquisitions were completed during the year ended September 30,
 2020. The results of operations of acquisitions are included in the accompanying consolidated financial statements from the acquisition date forward. The purchase price of acquisitions was allocated to identifiable tangible assets and
 intangible assets acquired based on their estimated fair values at the acquisition date, with the excess being allocated to goodwill. The valuation of tangible assets and assumed liabilities for the acquisition of Stone Harbor Marina and
 PartsVu is preliminary as the acquisitions are subject to certain customary closing and post-closing adjustments.

locations in Florida. The acquisition enhances the Company s presence on the southwest coast of Florida and expands new and pre-owned
 boat sales, as well as finance and insurance services, service and parts. The purchase price was million with million paid at closing and an estimated fair value of contingent consideration of million. The estimated contingent consideration is part of an earnout subject to achievement of certain post-acquisition increases in adjusted EBITDA. The
 acquisition contingent consideration was determined using weighted average projections for the estimated post-acquisition adjusted EBITDA and was based on the Company s historical experience with acquisitions as well as current forecasts
 for the industry. The minimum payout due on the acquisition contingent consideration is million. The maximum amount of the
 earnout is unlimited.

Inventories

Prepaid expenses

Property and equipment

Identifiable intangible assets

Goodwill

Accounts payable

Customer deposits

Notes payable floor plan

Total purchase price

location in southeast Florida. The acquisition expands the Company s presence in the yacht category and amplifies the Company s service
 and repair offerings. As part of the acquisition, we acquired the related real estate and in-water slips. The purchase price was 
 million, paid at closing.

Prepaid expenses

Property and equipment

Identifiable intangible assets

Goodwill

Accounts payable

Accrued expenses

Total purchase price

locations in Florida 

location in New Jersey 

million and was paid with 
 million in cash, million in seller notes payable, million in estimated fair value of contingent consideration, 
 million in accrued purchase consideration and the remaining million with the issuance of shares of Class A common stock.
 The estimated contingent consideration is part of earnouts subject to achievement of certain post-acquisition increases in adjusted EBITDA. The acquisition contingent consideration was determined using weighted average projections for the
 estimated post-acquisition adjusted EBITDA and was based on the Company s historical experience with acquisitions as well as current forecasts for the industry. There is no minimum payout due on the acquisition contingent consideration
 and the maximum amount of the earnout is unlimited. 

91 

Table of Contents 

Inventories

Prepaid expenses

Property and equipment

Identifiable intangible assets

Goodwill

Accrued expenses

Customer deposits

Notes payable floor plan

Total purchase price

million to our consolidated revenue and million to our income before income tax expense. Costs related to acquisitions are included in transaction costs
 and primarily relate to legal, accounting, and valuation fees, which are charged directly to operations in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations as incurred in the amount of million for the year ended September 30, 2021.

locations in Texas

locations in Florida

location in South Carolina

location in Florida

locations in Florida

million and was paid with 
 million in cash and the remaining million was financed with long-term debt and seller notes payable. Included in our results for the year ended September 30, 2019, the acquisitions contributed million to
 our consolidated revenue and million to our net income. Costs related to acquisitions are included in transaction costs
 and primarily relate to legal, accounting, and valuation fees, which are charged directly to operations in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations as incurred in the amount of million for the year ended September 30, 2019. 

92 

Table of Contents 

Pro forma net income

. Trade receivables include amounts due from customers on the sale of boats, parts, service, and storage. Amounts due from manufacturers represent receivables
 for various manufacturer incentive programs and parts and service work performed pursuant to the manufacturers warranties.

Trade and other accounts receivable

Manufacturer receivable

Total accounts receivable

Less allowance for doubtful accounts

)

Total accounts receivable, net

Pre-owned vessels

Work in process, parts
 and accessories

Total inventories

93 

Table of Contents 

Buildings and improvements

Leasehold improvements

Machinery and equipment

Office equipment

Company vehicles

Construction in progress

Total property and equipment

Less accumulated depreciation

Total property and equipment, net

million, million and million, respectively.

Goodwill acquisitions/divestitures during
 the year

Balance as of September 30, 2020

Goodwill acquisitions/divestitures during
 the year

Balance as of September 30, 2021

94 

Table of Contents 

Identifiable intangible assets
 acquisitions/divestitures during the year

Balance as of September 30, 2020

Identifiable intangible assets
 acquisitions/divestitures during the year

Balance as of September 30, 2021

Sales tax payable

Other payables and accrued expenses

Acquisition contingent consideration

Accrued interest

Total other payables and accrued expenses

million and million, as of September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively.

95 

Table of Contents 

London Inter-Bank Offering Rate LIBOR plus an applicable margin
 of to 
 depending on the age of the inventory. Interest on pre-owned boats is calculated at the new boat rate plus . Wells Fargo
 will finance of the vendor invoice price for new boats, engines and trailers. As of September 30, 2021 the interest rate
 on the Inventory Financing Facility ranged from to for new inventory and to for pre-owned inventory. As of September 30, 2020 the interest rate on the Inventory Financing Facility ranged from to for new inventory
 and to 
 for pre-owned inventory. Borrowing capacity available at September 30, 2021 and September 30, 2020 was million and million, respectively.

to for new boats (and at the new boat rate plus for
 pre-owned boats) plus the greater of 1) the Adjusted -Day Average SOFR (as defined in the Third Amendment to the Inventory
 Financing Facility) or 2) a floor of . 

million, which will be added to, and constitute a part of, the existing million term loan. The Incremental Term Loan will increase the existing term loan and will be on the same terms applicable to the existing term loan.

million revolving credit facility that may be
 used for revolving credit loans (including up to million in swingline loans) and up to million in letters of credit from time to time, and a million term loan. Subject to certain conditions, the available amount under the revolving credit facility and the term loans may be increased by million in the aggregate. The Credit Agreement bears interest at a rate that is equal to LIBOR for
 such interest period plus an applicable margin of up to , subject to step-downs to be determined based on the
 consolidated leverage ratio. The revolving credit facility is subject to an unused line fee of up to , subject to
 step-downs to be determined based on the consolidated leverage ratio . The revolving credit facility matures on . The term loan is repayable in installments beginning on March 31, 2021, with the remainder due on .

96 

Table of Contents 

at September 30, 2021 and at September 30, 2020. The note requires quarterly principal payments commencing on March 31, 2021 and maturing with a full repayment on 

Revolving note payable for an amount up to million to Truist Bank

Note payable to commercial vehicle lenders
 secured by the value of the vehicles bearing interest at rates ranging from to per annum. The note requires 
 installment payments of principal and interest ranging from to through July 2028 

Note payable to Central Marine Services,
 Inc., unsecured and bearing interest at per annum. The note requires monthly interest payments, with a balloon
 payment of principal due on 

Note payable to Tom George Yacht Group, unsecured and bearing interest at per annum. The note requires monthly interest payments, with a balloon payment of principal due on 

Note payable to Ocean Blue Yacht Sales,
 unsecured and bearing interest at per annum. The note requires quarterly interest payments, with a balloon
 payment of principal due on 

Note payable to Lab Marine, Inc., unsecured
 and bearing interest at per annum. The note was repaid in full on 

Note payable to Slalom Shop, LLC, unsecured
 and bearing interest at per annum. The note requires quarterly interest payments, with a balloon payment of
 principal due on 

Note payable to Bosun s Marine, Inc.,
 unsecured and bearing interest at per annum. The note was repaid in full on 

Note payable to Rebo, Inc., unsecured and
 bearing interest at per annum. The note was repaid in full on 

Total debt outstanding

Less current portion (net of current debt issuance costs)

Less unamortized portion of debt issuance costs

Long-term debt, net of current portion and
 unamortized debt issuance costs

97 

Table of Contents 

2023 

2024 

2025 

2026 

Thereafter 

Total principal payments

million and million, respectively, and had accumulated amortization of million and million as of September 30, 2021 and
 2020, respectively. In connection with the prepayment of the Term and Revolver Credit Facility with Goldman Sachs Specialty Lending Group, L.P., the Company wrote off unamortized debt issuance costs of million which was included in loss on extinguishment of debt in the Consolidated Statements of Operations for the year ended September 30,
 2020. Amortization for the years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019 amounted to million, million and million,
 respectively, and is included in interest expense.

outstanding letters of credit as of September 30, 2021.

98 

Table of Contents 

. The LTIP is and will continue to be administered by the Board, except to the extent the Board
 elects a committee of directors to administer the LTIP. Class A common stock subject to an award that expires or is cancelled, forfeited, exchanged, settled in cash or otherwise terminated without delivery of shares (including forfeiture of
 restricted stock awards) and shares withheld to pay the exercise price of, or to satisfy the withholding obligations with respect to, an award will again be available for delivery pursuant to other awards under the LTIP.

time-based restricted stock units. restricted stock units fully vest on October 1, 2021 and the remaining 
 restricted stock units vest in equal annual installments commencing on September 30, 2021.

performance-based restricted stock units, which represents of the target award. Performance-based restricted stock units provide an opportunity for the recipient to receive a number of shares of our common stock based on our
 performance during fiscal year 2021 as measured against objective performance goals as determined by the Board. The actual number of units earned for the 2021 awards may range from to of the target number of units depending upon
 achievement of the performance goals. Performance-based restricted stock units vest in equal annual installments. Upon
 vesting, each performance-based restricted stock unit equals share of common stock of the Company. As of September 30,
 2021, the Company fully achieved the performance targets at for the 2021 awards. 

time-based restricted stock units. These restricted stock units vest in equal annual installments commencing on February 7, 2021. 

time-based vesting restricted stock units of which restricted stock units fully vest on February 7, 2021, and the remaining restricted stock units vest in equal annual
 installments commencing on March 2, 2021.

performance-based restricted stock units, which represents of the target award. Performance-based restricted stock units provide an opportunity for the recipient to receive a number of shares of our common stock based on
 our performance during fiscal year 2020 as measured against objective performance goals as determined by the Board. The actual number of units earned for the 2020 awards may range from to of the target number of units depending
 upon achievement of the performance goals. Performance-based restricted stock units vest in equal annual installments.
 Upon vesting, each performance share unit equals share of common stock of the Company. As of September 30, 2020, the
 Company fully achieved the performance targets at for the 2020 awards. 

vesting
 period. The Company recognized million and million of compensation expense for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively, which includes million and million of compensation expense for the fiscal
 years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively, for performance share units .

99 

Table of Contents 

Awarded

Vested

Forfeited

Unvested at September 30, 2020

Awarded 

Vested 

Forfeited 

Unvested at September 30, 2021 

million, which the Company expects to recognize over a weighted-average period of years.

shares of Class A or Class B common stock outstanding prior to February 11, 2020, therefore no earnings per share information has been presented for any period
 prior to that date.

Denominator:

Weighted-average number of unrestricted
 outstanding common shares used to calculate basic net income per share

Effect of dilutive securities:

Restricted stock units

Diluted weighted-average shares of Class
 A common stock outstanding used to calculate diluted net income per share

Earnings per share of
 Class A common stock basic

Earnings per share of
 Class A common stock diluted

Restricted stock units

100 

Table of Contents 

shares of the Company s Class A common stock may be issued under the ESPP,
 subject to certain adjustments as set forth in the ESPP. On the first day of each fiscal year during the term of the ESPP, beginning on October 1, and ending on (and including) September 30, the number of shares of Class A common stock
 that may be issued under the ESPP will increase by a number of shares equal to the least of (i) of the outstanding shares
 on the Adoption Date, or (ii) such lesser number of shares (including zero) that the administrator determines for purposes of the annual increase for that fiscal year. The number of shares of Class A common stock that may be granted to
 any single participant in any single option period will be subject to certain limitations set forth in the plan. As of September 30, 2021, there has not yet been an offering period under the ESPP. 

OneWater LLC common unit warrants in exchange for 
 million. The common unit warrants had a life from the date of issuance and provided the holders with a put right after
 , or potentially earlier, under certain circumstances. The holders of the warrants maintained full voting rights in
 OneWater LLC. As the common unit warrants could be settled in cash at the election of the holder, the fair value of the common unit warrants was included in warrant liability. In connection with the IPO, we issued OneWater LLC units upon exercise of the warrants.

warrant liability existed as of September 30, 2021 and 2020. The Company recognized income of million and million for
 the years ended September 30, 2020 and 2019, respectively, and this change in the fair value was recorded as a change in the fair value of warrant liability in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations.

per
 share. The cash dividend of approximately million was paid on July 19, 2021 to holders of Class A common stock and OneWater
 Unit Holders. Additionally, a million cash dividend for restricted stock unit holders will be paid to holders upon vesting
 of the awards. The accrued dividends are recorded in other payables and accrued expenses in the consolidated balance sheets as of September 30, 2021.

and shares of Class A common stock, respectively, for the surrender of their respective ownership interests. The results of operations for BAO and SSAO have been included in the Company s consolidated
 financial statements and the former owners minority interests have been recorded , accordingly , through the date of the IPO. 

of the economic interest of OneWater LLC with the OneWater Unit Holders owning the remaining . 

101 

Table of Contents 

common units. Additionally, as a part of the transaction, OWAO issued preferred units in OWAO to Goldman and Beekman. The preferred interest had a stated rate of return and there was no allocation of profits in excess of the stated return. The preferred interests were not convertible but may have been redeemed by
 the holder after years or upon certain triggering events at face value plus accrued interest.

million in cash to fully redeem the preferred interest in subsidiary held by Goldman and Beekman.

. The Company currently makes discretionary matching contributions of for the first of employee salary deferrals.
 The Company made discretionary contributions of million, million and million for the years ended
 September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively.

transfers between the valuation hierarchy Levels 1, 2, and 3 for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2020, and 2021.

102 

Table of Contents 

Additions from acquisitions

Settlement of contingent consideration

Change in fair value and net present value of contingency

Balance as of September 30, 2020

Additions from acquisitions

Settlement of contingent consideration

Change in fair value and net present value of contingency

Balance as of September 30, 2021

State

Deferred:

Federal

State

Income tax expense

Income attributable to non-controlling interests and nontaxable income

State income taxes, net of federal benefit

Other

Effective income tax rate

Tax receivable agreement

Total

Valuation allowance

Total deferred tax assets

Total deferred tax liabilities

Deferred tax assets, net

103 

Table of Contents 

million and million, respectively, representing of the calculated net cash savings in U.S. federal, state and local income tax and franchise tax that OneWater Inc. anticipates realizing in future years from the
 result of certain increases in tax basis and certain tax benefits attributable to imputed interest as a result of OneWater Inc. s acquisition of OneWater LLC Units pursuant to an exercise of the Redemption Right or the Call Right (each as
 defined in the amended and restated limited liability company agreement of OneWater LLC (the OneWater LLC Agreement )).

million related to certain operating facilities and equipment. The deferred gain was being amortized over the life of the leases through
 July 2034. The Company also recognized a loss of million related to certain operating facilities and equipment. Total
 proceeds from sales and leaseback in the year ended September 30, 2019 were million.

million deferred gain was recognized as a cumulative effect adjustment to equity at the beginning of the period of adoption.

104 

Table of Contents 

years.

. 

Short-term lease cost

Variable lease cost

105 

Table of Contents 

Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for new operating lease liabilities

2023

2024

2025

2026

Thereafter

Total minimum lease payments

Less:

Present value adjustment

Operating lease liabilities

million and million during the years ended September 30, 2020 and 2019, respectively. The Company leased certain facilities and equipment under
 noncancelable operating lease agreements having terms in excess of expiring through 2037.

2023

2024

2025

2026

Thereafter

Total minimum lease payments

million, million and million, respectively, in total
 purchases were incurred under these arrangements.

million, million and million, respectively, in total
 expenses were incurred under these arrangements.

million, million and million, respectively, were
 recorded under these arrangements.

million, million and million, respectively, were
 recorded under these arrangements. Included in these amounts and in connection with our notes payable floor plan financing, our Chief Executive Officer was paid a guarantee fee of million and million for the years ended
 September 30, 2020 and 2019, respectively, for his personal guarantee associated with this arrangement. guarantee fee was
 paid for the year ended September 30, 2021.

106 

Table of Contents 

million. 

and million as
 recorded within accounts receivable as of both September 30, 2021 and 2020. Additionally, the Company owed million as
 recorded within accounts payable at September 30, 2021. 

million and to extend the term of the Inventory Financing Facility to . The maximum borrowing amount available and interest rates remained unchanged.

million in cash consideration and shares of Class A common stock of the Company, with a value of approximately million. The aggregate consideration is subject to customary post-closing adjustments.

million, which will be added to, and constitute part of, the existing 
 million term loan and will be on the same terms. Additionally, the Second Amendment further provides a million increase in
 the revolving commitment, which will be added to, and constitute part of, the existing revolving commitment. The proceeds
 of the Incremental Term Loan will be used to finance the T-H Acquisition.

million and to extend the term of the Inventory Financing Facility to . The maximum borrowing amount available and interest rates remained unchanged.

locations in Florida. The transaction is expected to close in the next days. 

107 

Table of Contents 

Item 9. 

Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure.

None.

Item 9A. 

Controls and Procedures.

Disclosure Controls and Procedures

Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls
 and procedures (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on this evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded
 that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of such date. Our disclosure controls and procedures are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act is
 recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms and that such information is accumulated and communicated to management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
 Officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.

Management s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting

Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) and 15(d)-15(f) under the Exchange Act. T he Company s management assessed the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2021. In making this assessment, management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of
 Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013). Based on this assessment, management has concluded that, as of September 30, 2021, the Company s internal control over
 financial reporting was effective. Management has excluded PartsVu from its assessment of internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2021 because this company was acquired on September 1, 2021 and there was not sufficient
 time to assess the design and effectiveness of PartsVu s key internal controls prior to the conclusion of management s evaluation. PartsVu was immaterial to the consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended September 30,
 2021.

Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting

There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) during the three months ended September 30, 2021 that have materially affected, or are
 reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.

Attestation Report of the Registered Public Accounting Firm

The effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting has been audited by Grant Thornton LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their attestation report
 appearing below, which expresses an unqualified opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2021.

108 

Table of Contents 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

Board of Directors and Stockholders

OneWater Marine Inc.

Opinion on internal control over financial reporting

We have audited the internal control over financial reporting of OneWater Marine Inc. (a Delaware corporation), and subsidiaries (the Company as
 of September 30, 2021, based on criteria established in the 2013 Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of
 Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO ). In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2021, based on criteria established in
 the 2013 Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by COSO.

We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB ), the consolidated
 financial statements of the Company as of and for the year ended September 30, 2021, and our report dated December 17, 2021 expressed an
 unqualified opinion on those financial statements.

Basis for opinion

The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the
 effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control
 over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable
 rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
 reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk
 that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe
 that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.

Our audit of, and opinion on, the Company s internal control over financial reporting does not include the internal control over financial reporting
 of PartsVu, a wholly- owned subsidiary, whose financial statements reflect total assets and revenues constituting less than one percent each of the related consolidated financial statement amounts as of and for the year ended September 30,
 2021. As indicated in Management s Report, PartsVu was acquired on September 1, 2021. Management s assertion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting excluded internal control over financial reporting
 of PartsVu.

Definition and limitations of internal control over financial reporting

A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial
 reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1)
 pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to
 permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of
 the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any
 evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

/s/ GRANT THORNTON LLP

Atlanta, Georgia

December 17, 2021

Item 9B. 

Other Information.

None.

109 

Table of Contents 

PART III

Item 10. 

Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance.

The information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to the information that will be contained in our proxy statement related to the 2022 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, which we intend to
 file with the SEC within 120 days of the end of our fiscal year pursuant to General Instruction G(3) of Form 10-K.

Item 11. 

Executive Compensation.

The information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to the information that will be contained in our proxy statement related to the 2022 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, which we intend to
 file with the SEC within 120 days of the end of our fiscal year pursuant to General Instruction G(3) of Form 10-K.

Item 12. 

Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters.

The information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to the information that will be contained in our proxy statement related to the 2022 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, which we intend to
 file with the SEC within 120 days of the end of our fiscal year pursuant to General Instruction G(3) of Form 10-K.

Item 13. 

Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence.

The information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to the information that will be contained in our proxy statement related to the 2022 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, which we intend to
 file with the SEC within 120 days of the end of our fiscal year pursuant to General Instruction G(3) of Form 10-K.

Item 14. 

Principal Accounting Fees and Services.

The information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to the information that will be contained in our proxy statement related to the 2022 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, which we intend to
 file with the SEC within 120 days of the end of our fiscal year pursuant to General Instruction G(3) of Form 10-K.

110 

Table of Contents 

PART IV

Item 15. 

Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules.

(a) The following documents are filed as part of the report:

(1) Financial Statements

See the table of contents under Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data in Part II of this Form 10-K above for the list of financial statements filed as part of this report.

(2) Financial Statement Schedules

All schedules have been omitted as they are either not required or not applicable or the required information is included in the Consolidated Financial Statements or notes thereto.

(3) See Item 15(b) (b) Exhibits:

Exhibit

 Number

Description

2.1 

Master Reorganization Agreement, dated as of February 11, 2020, by and among One Water Marine Holdings, LLC, One Water Assets Operations, LLC,
 OneWater Marine Inc. and the other parties thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, File No. 001-39213, filed with the Commission on February 18, 2020).

2.2 

Equity Purchase Agreement, dated as of October 20, 2021, by and among One Water Assets Operations, LLC, THMS Holdings, LLC, THMS, Inc. and T-H
 Marine Supplies, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, File No. 001-39213, filed with the Commission on October 22, 2021).

3.1 

Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of OneWater Marine Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on
 Form 8-K, File No. 001-39213, filed with the Commission on February 18, 2020).

3.2 

Amended and Restated Bylaws of OneWater Marine Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, File No.
 001-39213, filed with the Commission on February 18, 2020).

4.1 

Description of OneWater Marine Inc. s Class A common stock.

4.2 

Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of February 11, 2020, by and among OneWater Marine Inc. and the stockholders named therein (incorporated by
 reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, File No. 001-39213, filed with the Commission on February 18, 2020).

10.1 

OneWater Marine Inc. 2020 Omnibus Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, File No.
 001-39213, filed with the Commission on February 18, 2020).

10.2 

Indemnification Agreement, dated as of February 6, 2020, by and between the Company and Austin Singleton (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the
 Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, File No. 001-39213, filed with the Commission on February 11, 2020).

10.3 

Indemnification Agreement, dated as of February 6, 2020, by and between the Company and Anthony Aisquith (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the
 Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, File No. 001-39213, filed with the Commission on February 11, 2020).

10.4 

Indemnification Agreement, dated as of February 6, 2020, by and between the Company and Jack Ezzell (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the
 Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, File No. 001-39213, filed with the Commission on February 11, 2020).

111 

Table of Contents 

Exhibit 

Number 

Description 

10.5 

Indemnification Agreement, dated as of February 6, 2020, by and between the Company and Christopher W. Bodine (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4
 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, File No. 001-39213, filed with the Commission on February 11, 2020).

10.6 

Indemnification Agreement, dated as of February 6, 2020, by and between the Company and Jeffrey B. Lamkin (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to
 the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, File No. 001-39213, filed with the Commission on February 11, 2020).

10.7 

Indemnification Agreement, dated as of February 6, 2020, by and between the Company and Mitchell W. Legler (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to
 the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, File No. 001-39213, filed with the Commission on February 11, 2020).

10.8 

Indemnification Agreement, dated as of February 6, 2020, by and between the Company and John F. Schraudenbach (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7
 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, File No. 001-39213, filed with the Commission on February 11, 2020).

10.9 

Indemnification Agreement, dated as of February 6, 2020, by and between the Company and Keith R. Style (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the
 Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, File No. 001-39213, filed with the Commission on February 11, 2020).

10.10 

Indemnification Agreement, dated as of February 6, 2020, by and between the Company and John G. Troiano (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the
 Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, File No. 001-39213, filed with the Commission on February 11, 2020).

10.11 

Tax Receivable Agreement, dated as of February 11, 2020, by and among OneWater Marine Inc. and the TRA Holders and the Agents named therein (incorporated
 by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, File No. 001-39213, filed with the Commission on February 18, 2020).

10.12 

Fourth Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of One Water Marine Holdings, LLC, dated as of February 11, 2020 (incorporated by
 reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, File No. 001-39213, filed with the Commission on February 18, 2020).

10.13# 

Sixth Amended and Restated Inventory Financing Agreement, dated as of February 11, 2020, by and among the Company, certain of its subsidiaries, the
 lenders party thereto from time to time and Wells Fargo Commercial Distribution Finance, LLC, in its individual capacity and as agent for the lenders and for itself (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Registrant s
 Current Report on Form 8-K, File No. 001-39213, filed with the Commission on February 18, 2020).

10.14 

Employment Agreement, dated as of February 11, 2020, between One Water Marine Holdings, LLC and Philip A. Singleton, Jr. (incorporated by reference to
 Exhibit 10.6 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, File No. 001-39213, filed with the Commission on February 18, 2020).

10.15 

Employment Agreement, dated as of February 11, 2020, between One Water Marine Holdings, LLC and Anthony Aisquith (incorporated by reference to Exhibit
 10.7 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, File No. 001-39213, filed with the Commission on February 18, 2020).

10.16 

Employment Agreement, dated as of February 11, 2020, between One Water Marine Holdings, LLC and Jack Ezzell (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to
 the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, File No. 001-39213, filed with the Commission on February 18, 2020).

10.17 

Third Amended and Restated Guaranty, dated June 14, 2018, entered into by Anthony Aisquith, for the benefit of Wells Fargo Commercial Distribution
 Finance, LLC, as Agent to the Inventory Financing Facility (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to the amendment to the Registrant s Form S-1 Registration Statement (File No. 333-232639), originally filed with the Commission
 on July 12, 2019).

112 

Table of Contents 

Exhibit 
 Number 

Description 

10.18 

Third Amended and Restated Guaranty, dated June 14, 2018, entered into by Philip Austin Singleton, Jr., for the benefit of Wells Fargo Commercial
 Distribution Finance, LLC, as Agent to the Inventory Financing Facility (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 to the amendment to the Registrant s Form S-1 Registration Statement (File No. 333-232639), originally filed with
 the Commission on July 12, 2019).

10.19 

Non-Competition and Non-Solicitation Agreement, dated as of October 28, 2016, by and among Anthony Aisquith, One Water Marine Holdings, LLC, One Water
 Assets Operations, LLC, Goldman, Sachs Co. and OWM BIP Investor, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to the amendment to the Registrant s Form S-1 Registration Statement (File No. 333-232639), originally
 filed with the Commission on July 12, 2019).

10.20 

Non-Competition and Non-Solicitation Agreement, dated as of October 28, 2016, by and among Philip Austin Singleton, Jr., One Water Marine Holdings, LLC,
 One Water Assets Operations, LLC, Goldman, Sachs Co. and OWM BIP Investor, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 to the amendment to the Registrant s Form S-1 Registration Statement (File No. 333-232639),
 originally filed with the Commission on July 12, 2019).

10.21 

Consignment Agreement, dated as of June 1, 2019, by and between Bosuns Assets Operations LLC and Global Marine Finance, LLC (incorporated by
 reference to Exhibit 10.15 to the amendment to the Registrant s Form S-1 Registration Statement (File No. 333-232639), originally filed with the Commission on July 12, 2019).

10.22 

Consignment Agreement, dated as of June 1, 2019, by and between Midwest Assets Operations LLC and Global Marine Finance, LLC (incorporated by
 reference to Exhibit 10.16 to the amendment to the Registrant s Form S-1 Registration Statement (File No. 333-232639), originally filed with the Commission on July 12, 2019).

10.23 

Consignment Agreement, dated as of June 1, 2019, by and between Legendary Assets Operations LLC and Global Marine Finance, LLC (incorporated by
 reference to Exhibit 10.17 to the amendment to the Registrant s Form S-1 Registration Statement (File No. 333-232639), originally filed with the Commission on July 12, 2019).

10.24 

Consignment Agreement, dated as of June 1, 2019, by and between Singleton Assets Operations LLC and Global Marine Finance, LLC (incorporated by
 reference to Exhibit 10.18 to the amendment to the Registrant s Form S-1 Registration Statement (File No. 333-232639), originally filed with the Commission on July 12, 2019).

10.25 

Form of Performance-Based Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.19 to the amendment to the Registrant s Form S-1
 Registration Statement (File No. 333-232639), originally filed with the Commission on July 12, 2019).

10.26 

Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.20 to the amendment to the Registrant s Form S-1 Registration Statement
 (File No. 333-232639), originally filed with the Commission on July 12, 2019).

10.27 

Credit Agreement, dated as of July 22, 2020, by and among One Water Assets Operations, LLC, One Water Marine Holdings, LLC, OneWater Marine Inc.,
 the other Guarantors from time to time party thereto, the Lenders from time to time party thereto, Truist Bank, SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc. and Synovus Bank (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current
 Report on Form 8-K, File No. 001-39213, filed with the Commission on July 24, 2020).

10.28 

Incremental Amendment No. 1, dated February 2, 2021, by and among One Water Assets Operations, LLC, One Water Marine Holdings, LLC, OneWater Marine
 Inc., each of the other Guarantors from time to time party thereto, the Lenders party thereto and Truist Bank, as Administrative Agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, File
 No. 001-39213, filed with the Commission on February 4, 2021).

113 

Table of Contents 

Exhibit 

 Number

Description 

10.29 

Incremental Amendment No. 2, dated as of November 30, 2021, by and among One Water Assets Operations, LLC, One Water Marine Holdings, LLC, OneWater
 Marine Inc., each of the other Guarantors from time to time party thereto, the Lenders party thereto and Truist Bank, as Administrative Agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K,
 File No. 001-39213, filed with the Commission on December 2, 2021).

10.30 

First Amendment to Sixth Amended and Restated Inventory Financing Agreement, dated as of July 22, 2020, between Wells Fargo Commercial Distribution
 Finance, LLC as Agent for the several financial institutions that may from time to time become party thereto and Dealers that may from time to time become party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s
 Current Report on Form 8-K, File No. 001-39213, filed with the Commission on July 24, 2020).

10.31 

Second Amendment to Sixth Amended and Restated Inventory Financing Agreement, dated as of December 10, 2020, between Wells Fargo Commercial Distribution
 Finance, LLC as Agent for the several financial institutions that may from time to time become party thereto and Dealers that may from time to time become party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s
 Form 10-Q, File No. 001-39213, filed with the Commission on February 11, 2021).

10.32 

Third Amendment to Sixth Amended and Restated Inventory Financing Agreement, dated as of September 23, 2021, between Wells Fargo Commercial Distribution
 Finance, LLC as Agent for the several financial institutions that may from time to time become party thereto and Dealers that may from time to time become party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s
 Current Report on Form 8-K, File No. 001-39213, filed with the Commission on September 24, 2021).

10.33 

Fourth Amendment to Sixth Amended and Restated Inventory Financing Agreement, dated as of October 29, 2021, between Wells Fargo Commercial Distribution
 Finance, LLC as Agent for the several financial institutions that may from time to time become party thereto and Dealers that may from time to time become party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s
 Current Report on Form 8-K, File No. 001-39213, filed with the Commission on November 2, 2021).

10.34 

Fifth Amendment to Sixth Amended and Restated Inventory Financing Agreement and Consent Agreement, dated as of December 1, 2021, between Wells Fargo
 Commercial Distribution Finance, LLC as Agent for the several financial institutions that may from time to time become party thereto and Dealers that may from time to time become party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit
 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, File No. 001-39213, filed with the Commission on December 7, 2021).

10.35 

OneWater Marine Inc. 2021 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (incorporated by reference to Appendix A to the Company s Proxy Statement, File No. 001-39213,
 filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on January 13, 2021).

10.36 

Waiver Letter to the IFA, dated June 16, 2021, from Wells Fargo Commercial Distribution Finance, LLC, as Agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1
 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, File No. 001-39213, filed with the Commission on August 12, 2021).

114 

Table of Contents 

Exhibit 

 Number

Description 

21.1 

List of subsidiaries of OneWater Marine Inc.

23.1 

Consent of Grant Thornton LLP.

31.1 

Certification of the Chief Executive Officer required by Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a).

31.2 

Certification of the Chief Financial Officer required by Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a).

32.1 

Certification of the Chief Executive Officer required by Rule 13a-14(b) or Rule 15d-14(b) and 18 U.S.C. 1350.

32.2 

Certification of the Chief Financial Officer required by Rule 13a-14(b) or Rule 15d-14(b) and 18 U.S.C. 1350.

101.INS(a)

Inline XBRL Instance Document.

101.SCH(a)

Inline XBRL Schema Document.

101.CAL(a)

Inline XBRL Calculation Linkbase Document.

101.DEF(a)

Inline XBRL Definition Linkbase Document.

101.LAB(a)

Inline XBRL Labels Linkbase Document.

101.PRE(a)

Inline XBRL Presentation Linkbase Document.

104

Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101).

Filed herewith.

Furnished herewith.

Indicates a management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement.

# 

Specific terms in this exhibit (indicated therein by asterisks) have been omitted because such terms are both not material and would likely cause competitive harm to the Company if publicly disclosed.

Certain schedules and exhibits to this agreement have been omitted in accordance with Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K. A copy of any omitted schedule and/or exhibit will be furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission on
 request.

Item 16. 

Form 10-K Summary

None.

115 

Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly
 authorized.

ONEWATER MARINE INC.

Date: December 17, 2021

By:.

/s/ Philip Austin Singleton, Jr

Name:

Philip Austin Singleton, Jr.

Title:

Founder and Chief Executive Officer

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, this Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant in the capacities and on the dates
 indicated.

Name

Title

Date

/s/ Philip Austin Singleton, Jr.

Founder, Chief Executive Officer and Director

December 17, 2021

Philip Austin Singleton, Jr.

(Principal Executive Officer)

/s/ Jack Ezzell

Chief Financial Officer

December 17, 2021

Jack Ezzell

(Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer)

/s/ Anthony Aisquith

President, Chief Operating Officer and Director

December 17, 2021

Anthony Aisquith

/s/ Christopher W. Bodine

Director

December 17, 2021

Christopher W. Bodine

/s/ Bari A. Harlam

Director

December 17, 2021

Bari A. Harlam

/s/ Jeffrey B. Lamkin

Director

December 17, 2021

Jeffrey B. Lamkin

/s/ Mitchell W. Legler

Chairman of the Board of Directors

December 17, 2021

Mitchell W. Legler

/s/ John F. Schraudenbach

Director

December 17, 2021

John F. Schraudenbach

/s/ Keith R. Style

Director

December 17, 2021

Keith R. Style

/s/ John G. Troiano

Director

December 17, 2021

John G. Troiano

116 

<EX-21.1>
 2
 brhc10031703_ex21-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 21.1

Exhibit 21.1

OneWater Marine Inc.

List of Subsidiaries

Name 

Jurisdiction of Organization 

Bosun s Assets Operations, LLC

Delaware

Legendary Assets Operations, LLC

Florida

Midwest Assets Operations, LLC

Delaware

One Water Assets Operations, LLC

Delaware

One Water Marine Holdings, LLC

Delaware

Singleton Assets Operations, LLC

Georgia

South Florida Assets Operations, LLC

Florida

South Shore Lake Erie Assets Operations, LLC

Delaware

Central Assets Operations, LLC

Delaware

THMS Holdings, LLC

Delaware

THMS Inc.

Delaware

T-H Marine Supplies, LLC

Delaware

CMC Marine, LLC

Delaware

Innovative Plastics, LLC

Delaware

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 3
 brhc10031703_ex23-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 23.1

Exhibit 23.1 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

We have issued our reports dated December 17, 2021, with respect to the consolidated financial statements and internal control over
 financial reporting included in the Annual Report of OneWater Marine Inc. on Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2021. We consent to the incorporation by reference of said reports in the Registration Statements of OneWater Marine Inc. on
 Forms S-8 (File No. 333-236362 and 333-255907) and on Form S-3 (File No. 333-259345).

/s/ GRANT THORNTON LLP

Atlanta, Georgia

 December 17, 2021

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 brhc10031703_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1

CERTIFICATION

 PURSUANT TO EXCHANGE ACT RULE 13A-14(a) OR RULE 15D-14(a)

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

I, Philip Austin Singleton, Jr., certify that:

1. 
 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of OneWater Marine Inc. (the registrant for the year ended September 30, 2021;

2. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which
 such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;

3. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows
 of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;

4. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal
 control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:

a. 
 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant,
 including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

b. 
 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
 reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

c. 
 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end
 of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and

d. 
 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in
 the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and

5. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the
 registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):

a. 
 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record,
 process, summarize and report financial information; and

b. 
 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.

Dated: December 17, 2021

By:

/s/ Philip Austin Singleton, Jr.

Philip Austin Singleton, Jr.

Chief Executive Officer

(Principal Executive Officer)

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 brhc10031703_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2

CERTIFICATION

 PURSUANT TO EXCHANGE ACT RULE 13A-14(a) OR RULE 15D-14(a)

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

I, Jack Ezzell, certify that:

1. 
 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of OneWater Marine Inc. (the registrant for the year ended September 30, 2021;

2. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which
 such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;

3. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows
 of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;

4. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal
 control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:

a. 
 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant,
 including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

b. 
 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
 reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

c. 
 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end
 of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and

d. 
 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in
 the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and

5. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the
 registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):

a. 
 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record,
 process, summarize and report financial information; and

b. 
 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.

Dated: December 17, 2021

By:

/s/ Jack Ezzell

Jack Ezzell

Chief Financial Officer

(Principal Financial Officer)

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 brhc10031703_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1

CERTIFICATION

 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. 1350,

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of OneWater Marine Inc. (the Company for the year ended September 30, 2021, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ),
 I, Philip Austin Singleton, Jr., Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:

1. 
 
 the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and

2. 
 
 the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.

Dated: December 17, 2021

By:

/s/ Philip Austin Singleton, Jr.

Philip Austin Singleton, Jr.

Chief Executive Officer

(Principal Executive Officer)

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 brhc10031703_ex32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 32.2

CERTIFICATION

 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. 1350,

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of OneWater Marine Inc. (the Company for the year ended September 30, 2021, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ),
 I, Jack Ezzell, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:

1. 
 
 the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and

2. 
 
 the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.

Dated: December 17, 2021

By:

/s/ Jack Ezzell

Jack Ezzell

Chief Financial Officer

(Principal Financial Officer)

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 onew-20210930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 onew-20210930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 onew-20210930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 onew-20210930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 onew-20210930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

