<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20211222_10-K_edgar_data_1527613_0001493152-21-032231.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6660900</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>273534</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1068909</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2068252</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1443496</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1650311</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-21-032231.hdr.sgml : 20211222
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20211222063046
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-21-032231
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		72
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20210930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20211222
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20211222

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			NuZee, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001527613
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RETAIL-MISCELLANEOUS RETAIL [5900]
		IRS NUMBER:				383849791
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0930

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39338
		FILM NUMBER:		211510979

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1700 CAPITAL AVENUE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 100
		CITY:			PLANO
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75074
		BUSINESS PHONE:		713.530.7688

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1700 CAPITAL AVENUE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 100
		CITY:			PLANO
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75074

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Havana Furnishings Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20110815

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Havanna Furnishings Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20110809

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-21-032231.txt : 20211222

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 WASHINGTON,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13
OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

or 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

Commission
File No. 

(exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State
 or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation
 or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer 
 Identification
 Number) 

, 

 ,

(Address
of principal executive offices) 

Registrant s
telephone number, including area code 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of each class 
 
 Trading
 Symbol(s) 
 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company or an emerging growth company. See definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller
reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large
 accelerated filer 

Accelerated
 filer 

Smaller
 reporting company 

Emerging
 growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes 

The
aggregate market value of the registrant s Common Stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant (based on the price at which the
registrant s Common Stock was last sold as of March 31, 2021, the last business day of the most recently completed second fiscal
quarter), was approximately . 

As
of December 8, 2021, there were outstanding shares of the registrant s Common Stock, 0.00001 par value. 

DOCUMENTS
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

Specified
portions of the registrant s definitive Proxy Statement to be filed in connection with its 2022 Annual Meeting of Stockholders
are incorporated by reference into Part III of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The information in Part III hereof for the fiscal year
ended September 30, 2021, will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days after the end of the fiscal year
to which this Report relates. 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

PART I 
 4 
 
 ITEM 1. BUSINESS. 
 4 
 
 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 13 
 
 ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 31 
 
 ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 32 
 
 ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 32 
 
 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 32 
 
 PART II 
 33 
 
 ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 33 
 
 ITEM 6. [RESERVED] 
 33 
 
 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 34 
 
 ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 41 
 
 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 41 
 
 ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 41 
 
 ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 41 
 
 ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 41 
 
 ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 41 
 
 PART III 
 42 
 
 ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE. 
 42 
 
 ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION. 
 42 
 
 ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS. 
 42 
 
 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 42 
 
 ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 
 42 
 
 PART IV 
 43 
 
 ITEM 15. EXHIBIT AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 43 
 
 ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 4 4 
 
 SIGNATURES 
 45 

2 

CAUTIONARY
NOTE REGARDING FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K (this Report contains forward-looking statements, including, without limitation, in the sections
captioned Risk Factors, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, 
and elsewhere. Any and all statements contained in this Report that are not statements of historical fact may be deemed forward-looking
statements. Terms such as may, might, would, should, could, project, 
 target, seek, estimate, predict, potential, strategy, 
 anticipate, attempt, develop, plan, help, believe, 
 continue, intend, expect, future and terms of similar import (including the negative
of any of the foregoing) may be intended to identify forward-looking statements. However, not all forward-looking statements may contain
one or more of these identifying terms. Forward-looking statements in this Report may include, without limitation, statements regarding: 

our
 plans to obtain funding for our operations, including funding necessary to develop, manufacture and commercialize our products and
 provide our co-packing services; 

the
 impact to our business from the COVID-19 global crisis, including any supply chain interruptions; 

the
 evolving coffee preferences of coffee consumers in North America and Korea; 

the
 size and growth of the markets for our products and co-packing services; 

our
 ability to compete with companies producing similar products or providing similar co-packing services; 

our
 expectation that our existing capital resources will be sufficient to fund our operations for at least the next 12 months; 

our
expectation regarding our future co-packing revenues, including in fiscal year 2022; 

our
ability to develop innovative new products and expand our co-packing services to other products that are complementary to our current
single serve coffee product offerings; 

our
reliance on third-party roasters to roast coffee beans necessary to manufacture our products and allow us to fulfill every aspect of
our co-packing services; 

regulatory
 developments in the U.S. and in non-U.S. countries; 

our
 ability to retain key management, sales and marketing personnel; 

the
 scope of protection we are able to establish and maintain for intellectual property rights covering our products and technology; 

the
 accuracy of our estimates regarding expenses, future revenue, capital requirements and needs for additional financing; 

our
 ability to develop and maintain our corporate infrastructure, including our internal control over financial reporting; and 

the
 outcome of pending, threatened or future litigation; 

our
 financial performance. 

The
forward-looking statements are not meant to predict or guarantee actual results, performance, events or circumstances and may not be
realized because they are based upon our current projections, plans, objectives, beliefs, expectations, estimates and assumptions and
are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties and other influences, many of which we have no control over. Actual results and the
timing of certain events and circumstances may differ materially from those described by the forward-looking statements as a result of
these risks and uncertainties. 

Any
forward-looking statements in this Report reflect our current views with respect to future events or to our future financial performance
and involve risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different
from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. Factors that may influence
or contribute to the inaccuracy of the forward-looking statements or cause actual results to differ materially from current expectations
include, among other things, those listed under Item 1A below, titled Risk Factors, and discussed elsewhere in this Report
and in our other reports filed with the SEC. Given these uncertainties, you are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking
statements. We disclaim any obligation to update the forward-looking statements contained in this Report to reflect any new information
or future events or circumstances or otherwise, except as required by law. 

REFERENCES 

As
used in this Report: (i) the terms we , us , our , NuZee and the Company 
mean NuZee, Inc. and its subsidiaries, taken together; (ii) SEC refers to the Securities and Exchange Commission; (iii)
 Securities Act refers to the Securities Act of 1933, as amended; (iv) Exchange Act refers to the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and (v) all dollar amounts refer to United States dollars unless otherwise indicated. 

3 

PART
I 

ITEM
1. BUSINESS. 

Overview 

We
are a specialty coffee company and, we believe, a leading co-packer of single serve pour over coffee in the United States, as well as
a preeminent co-packer of tea-bag style coffee. Our mission is to leverage our position as a co-packer at the forefront of the North
American single serve coffee market to revolutionize the way single serve coffee is enjoyed in the United States. While the United States
is our core market, we also have manufacturing and sales operations in Korea and a joint venture in Latin America. 

We
believe we are the only commercial-scale producer that has the dual capacity to pack both single serve pour over coffee and tea-bag style
coffee within the North American market. We intend to leverage our position to be the commercial manufacturer of choice for major companies
seeking to enter the single serve pour over and tea-bag style coffee markets in North America. We target existing high-margin companies
and are paid per-package based on the number of single serve coffee products produced by us. Accordingly, we consider our business model
to be a form of tolling arrangement, as we receive a fee for almost every single serve coffee product our co-packing customers sell in
the North American and Korean markets. While we financially benefit from the success of our co-packing customers through the sales of
their respective single serve pour over and tea-bag style coffee products, we are also able to avoid the risks associated with owning
and managing the product and its related inventory. We have also developed and sell NuZee branded single serve coffee products, including
our flagship Coffee Blenders line of both single serve pour over coffee and tea-bag style coffee, which we believe offers consumers some
of the best coffee available in a single serve application in the world. 

We
may also consider co-packaging other products that are complementary to our current product offerings and provide us with a deeper access
to our customers. In addition, we are continually exploring potential strategic partnerships, co-ventures, and mergers, acquisitions,
or other transactions with existing and future business partners to generate additional business, reduce manufacturing costs, expand
into new markets, and further penetrate the markets in which we currently operate. 

Single
serve coffee products 

Single
serve pour over coffee 

Single
serve pour over coffee, or hand drip coffee, is a traditional and time-honored technique that pours hot water onto ground coffee with
a prepacked coffee filter. Proponents of pour over coffee believe this method makes better coffee. Single serve pour over coffee uses
the same brewing technique without a machine, with the coffee flowing straight into a cup using only hot water and the prepacked coffee
filter. 

Tea-bag
style coffee 

We
introduced our tea-bag style coffee, or coffee tea bags, in 2019. The brewing method is similar to brewing tea; put the coffee tea bag
in a cup, add hot water and let it sit for approximately 5 minutes. This coffee brewing method is relatively new to North America and
we believe has gained attention from roasters and end consumers who want eco-friendlier alternatives to coffee pods and other types of
single serve coffee. Our coffee tea bags are industrially compostable, allowing consumers to deposit the used coffee tea bag in the food
scrap and yard waste bin after brewing. 

Revolutionizing
the single serve coffee market in North America 

We
believe the typical coffee consumer is increasingly focused on the environmental impact of the product, as well as the taste and quality
of the ingredients. We anticipate that pod-based, single serve coffee will face increasing pressure given their heavy reliance on the
use of plastics. In our view, consumer preferences in North America have evolved over the last decade to substantially mirror those of
Japanese consumers, who have traditionally focused on the taste, eco-footprint and quality of ingredients. 

4 

The
saturation of coffee pods in the North American market, coupled with changing tastes, provides our single serve coffee products with
a substantial market opportunity in North America. Our single serve coffee products also have a number of advantages over other single
serve coffee alternatives: 

Our
 single serve coffee solutions are portable and do not require a machine for brewing. Therefore, the consumer investment required
 to enjoy our product is very minimal (as opposed to machine based solutions). Single serve coffee products can easily travel and
 have a number of consume-later applications not available to machine based solutions (camping, travel, office, etc.). 

We
 believe our product offerings are more hygienic than other, machine-based single serve alternatives. For example, the use of a machine
 requires cleaning and maintenance. If not periodically cleaned or if spent pods are not removed timely, this can lead to poor taste
 and bacterial growth. 

Our
 single serve coffee products allow consumers to brew only what they need, therefore allowing mindful, responsible consumption that
 can reduce food waste and leads to better coffee sustainability. 

Our
 single serve coffee products are brandable to the cup level, and, unlike machine-based drip systems, the branding remains visible
 throughout the process of preparing and consuming a cup. 

We
seek to establish ourselves as the leading co-packer of single serve coffee products for the North American market, and to further expand
our own brands of single serve coffee products for sale directly to end consumers in order to generate increased revenues and to help
accelerate consumer adoption of these brewing formats. We believe that top tier brands that want to compete in the North American single
serve coffee market will demand the highest levels of quality from their manufacturing partners. We further believe that we remain a
commercial-scale leader in the single serve coffee market in North America as a result of our history of working with sophisticated packing
equipment manufacturers, SQF Certification from the Safe Quality Food Institute, organic certification, operational knowledge and the
co-packing arrangements we are continuing to develop with companies. As a result of our ongoing efforts, we feel we are well positioned
to be a co-packer of choice for companies offering single serve coffee products in the North American market. 

We
own sophisticated packing equipment developed by East Asian companies for pour over and tea-bag style coffee production. We believe these
manufacturers are the world leaders for supplying such machines. We obtained these machines from a premier supplier of the type of high-quality
packing equipment we use for our products, FUSO Industries Co. Ltd. FUSO ). 

We
understand that as single serve pour over and tea-bag style coffee products gain momentum in the North American market we will face increasing
competition. However, (i) we have, and continue to develop, manufacturing expertise on increasingly complex and larger orders, (ii) we
have experience dealing with companies of all sizes and their specific requirements (from small roasters to international companies)
and (iii) we have SQF and organic certification. 

We
received SQF Certification from the Safe Quality Food Institute, which is a customary requirement to produce for large multi-national
and international companies. Furthermore, we are now in the preliminary stage of obtaining Quality Management SQF Certification, which
involves a comprehensive implementation of even more advanced safety and quality management systems. We are also certified as fair trade,
organic, and Kosher. 

Our
primary focus is the development of single serve coffee products in the North American market targeting the individual consumer for use
at home and office or other settings that would benefit from single serve product offerings and positioning ourselves as the leading
commercial-scale co-packer of single serve pour over and tea-bag style coffee products. We may also consider co-packaging other products
that are complementary to our current single serve coffee product offerings and provide us with a deeper access to our customers. 

5 

Since
2016, we have been primarily focused on single serve pour over coffee production. Over this time, we have developed expertise in the
operation of our sophisticated packing equipment and the related production of our single serve pour over coffee products at both our
Vista, California facility and at our production operations in Seoul, Korea. In addition, our manufacturing facility and corporate headquarters
in Plano, Texas is now operational. We have also expanded our co-packing expertise to tea bag style coffee products, which we believe
are gaining traction in the United States. 

Our
sources of revenue 

Co-packing 

We
operate as a third-party contract packager for the finished goods of other major companies operating in the coffee beverage industry.
Under these arrangements, our co-packing customers typically supply us with roasted, whole bean coffee that we produce and package into
single serve pour over and tea-bag style coffee products according to their formulations and specifications. In addition, under our private
label coffee development program, our team works directly with our co-packing customers in developing private labels of signature coffees.
Under this program, our team of coffee experts works extensively with our co-packing customers to develop a coffee taste profile to their
unique needs and then we source, roast (utilizing our third party roasting partners), blend, pack (in either our single serve pour over
or tea-bag style coffee products), and package single serve coffee products to their exact specifications. 

We
currently focus on fostering co-packing arrangements with larger companies developing pour over and tea-bag style coffee products. We
believe that as our potential co-packing customers continue to realize that we have the experience co-packing for a variety of customer
sizes, we will become the co-packer of choice. The standards required to co-pack for large international companies almost always meet
or exceed the standards required to co-pack for any other customer. We also believe that as our co-packing customers competitors
realize they have single serve pour over and tea-bag style coffee solutions, they will be more motivated to develop their own such solutions
and that will lead to increased co-packing opportunities for us. 

In
addition to larger companies, we package for smaller companies that have significant growth potential. For example, we started packaging
for a particular smaller company in July 2017 and continue to do so today. This company started with smaller batch, single product SKUs
but over the years has meaningfully increased order sizes as well as the number of SKUs. We are continually looking for new and innovative
companies with whom we may work and grow. 

As
previously announced, we expect to manufacture certain Cuv e Coffee Cuv e single serve filter bag products
that Cuv e plans to sell in a nationally recognized retail chain. Pursuant to our co-packing arrangement with Cuv e, we
currently, and plan to continue to, manufacture single serve filter bag products according to their formulations and specifications on
a purchase order basis. For a discussion of certain risks related to our co-packing arrangements, including our co-packing arrangement
with Cuv e, see Item 1A. Risk Factors herein . 

NuZee
branded products 

Although
our primary focus is on the manufacture of single serve pour over coffee products pursuant to co-packing arrangements, we have also developed
high-quality NuZee branded single serve coffee products that are sold directly to consumers. In addition to being available for direct
sale to consumers, our NuZee branded products serve as samples that are provided to potential new co-packing customers to showcase our
co-packing capabilities and production expertise. In this regard, our NuZee branded products are a stepping-stone product
for our co-packing customers that market high quality packaging and coffee. Sales of our NuZee branded products, including through Amazon,
also help promote consumer adoption into the format and to educate coffee drinkers in the United States about this coffee format that
is new to North America but widely known in East Asia. 

Coffee
 Blenders . Our Coffee Blenders line of products, including both single serve pour over coffee products and tea-bag style coffee,
 is our flagship, high-end product line that, in addition to showcasing our production expertise, also includes what we believe to
 be some of the best coffee available in a single serve application in the world. We sell Coffee Blenders products mainly online and
 to some specialty retailers. We also have a number of potential co-packing opportunities in which our customers would contract for
 us to replicate one or more of our Coffee Blenders products with their foil and packing, providing further evidence of the high-quality
 nature of this line and coffee. 

6 

Twin
 Peaks. We currently sell our Twin Peaks single serve pour over coffee exclusively via Amazon. This program commenced in 2019
 and we expect that as Amazon and its customers become more familiar with single serve pour over coffee, we will increase our revenue
 for this product. 

Pine
 Ranch . Pine Ranch is another line of our tea bag-style coffee that is available in two distinct roasts: a medium roast called
 Smooth Blend and a dark roast called Bold Blend . We introduced this product line in 2019. We offer it
 direct to consumers through Amazon. Pine Ranch is available in dispense boxes that are suitable for offices and retail stores. Pine
 Ranch is a product that we can showcase to potential co-packing customers as an alternative to the pour over format. 

Our
business strategy 

We
intend to achieve our mission and further grow our business by pursuing the following strategies: 

Continually
 grow our base of large national or international co-packing customers. We focus on entering into co-packing agreements with large
 international companies, including co-packing arrangements pursuant to our private label coffee development program. We believe that,
 as the U.S. market continues to gain awareness of single serve pour over and tea-bag style coffee products, we will continue to grow
 our base of large domestic or international co-packing customers. 

Co-pack
 for smaller scale, rapidly growing, innovative coffee customers and capture their growth over time. In addition to co-packing
 for large domestic or international customers, we believe that select smaller scale, rapidly growing, innovative co-packing customers
 provide us with different opportunities versus larger customers. Large national roasters often look to these smaller scale customers
 for inspiration. We believe capturing these influential roasters would help us provide format visibility to the bigger roasters as
 well as influential consumers. 

Increase
 our production capacity in response to growing demand for co-packing . In 2019, we announced a new manufacturing facility
 and corporate headquarters in Plano, Texas. Our manufacturing facility in Plano, Texas is now operational, and we expect this facility
 to provide additional production capacity in anticipation of growing demand for our co-packing services. 

Strategically
 grow and expand our international operations that align with our vision. We plan to strategically grow our current international
 operations as well as potentially expand internationally if this growth or expansion is strategic to our vision. We believe the Korean
 market, albeit competitive, still has significant growth potential as well as strong market acceptance for coffee and single serve
 pour overs. We have also formed a joint venture for manufacturing and sales in Latin America. As we look at other potential international
 manufacturing locations, we look for characteristics similar to the Korean, Latin American and U.S. markets. We plan to further leverage
 our international operations to support our customers expansion into the markets in which we operate. This includes assisting
 our U.S. customers launching their products in Japan, Korea and Mexico. 

Industry 

According
to the United States Department of Agriculture USDA ), global coffee consumption is forecast to reach 165.0 million bags
in 2021/22 (a bag is equivalent to 60 kilograms), which was an increase of 1.8 million bags from the prior year. The United States is
the single country with the highest projected consumption as part of this forecast. 

7 

While
consumers have been purchasing single-serve coffee machines to recreate the caf style experience at home, there has been an increased
focus on environmental sustainability and demand for eco-friendly products. The 2019 Retail and Sustainability Survey by CGS showed
that more than two-thirds of respondents consider sustainability when making a purchase and are willing to pay more for sustainable products.
Greenpeace USA considered coffee pods as one of the best examples of unnecessary single-use plastics that are polluting our planet 
and the big producers of pods have been seeking eco-friendly alternatives. Sustainability is expected to continue to be a big trend in
the coffee pod market, especially as some cities and local governments consider bans on the use of single-use plastic pods (akin to bans
on plastic straws and plastic bags) and as consumers become increasingly concerned about throwing used plastic pods in landfills, according
to Food Dive. 

We
believe that many of the prevalent industry trends the continued consumption and market growth, the prevalence of at home 
consumption, the popularity of single-serve coffee brewing, the increased focus on unique coffee experiences, and consumers shift
to eco-friendly and sustainable alternatives will be favorable to our business. 

Customers
and Sales 

Our
co-packing customers primarily include large and small size coffee roasters and suppliers. We intend to continue to pursue such co-packing
arrangements in the future. We believe this interest is due to (i) the saturation of machine based single serve coffee alternatives,
(ii) increase in consumer requirements for eco-friendly packaging and (iii) our superior quality compared to other single serve coffee
alternatives. 

Sales
to relatively few co-packing customers account for a significant percentage of our net sales, and our success depends in part on our
ability to maintain good relationships with these key co-packing customers and other key retail and grocery customers. 

Generally,
under our co-packing arrangements, co-packing customers must issue purchase orders for our products and co-packing services. Although
these purchase orders stipulate key terms including order quantity, product specifications, price, payment terms, packaging method and
delivery instructions, our co-packing arrangements, including our co-packing arrangement with Cuv e, are typically not governed
by any written agreement and have no minimum purchase requirements. 

We
also sell our NuZee branded products directly to consumers. Currently, Amazon and our www.coffeeblenders.com website are our only established
domestic retail channels for direct sales to consumers of NuZee branded products. For additional information regarding our current customer
base, see Note 2. Basis of Presentation And Summary of Significant Accounting Policies Major Customers to
our Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Manufacturing 

We
lease manufacturing facilities in Vista, California, Plano, Texas, and Seoul, Korea, all of which are used to produce our single serve
pour over or tea-bag style coffee products. These manufacturing facilities currently have the annual capacity to produce up to 300 million
single serve coffee products (pour over or tea bag style). We have analyzed our current facilities considering our anticipated requirements,
and we believe there is a need to optimize our manufacturing facilities to meet our future needs. We have entered into a new lease in
Korea for a larger facility we are taking possession in January 2022 and are searching for a more optimal facility in the US. 

8 

Machinery
for production at our manufacturing facilities comes from some of the most respected vendors in the industry. Our single serve coffee
products are produced on packaging machines produced by the leading Japanese manufacturer of packaging machines, FUSO. Nitrogen and air
compression machinery is capable of handling expansion, which helps to minimize any ongoing related capital expenditures for such
machinery as we expand. 

Raw
Materials 

Our
primary raw material is green whole bean coffee, an exchange-traded agricultural commodity that is subject to price fluctuations. Under
our co-packing arrangements, our co-packing customers typically supply us with roasted, whole bean coffee that we then produce and package
into single serve pour over and tea-bag style coffee products according to their formulations and specifications. In addition, in connection
with the production of our NuZee branded products and specialty coffees that we have developed for co-packing customers under our private
label coffee development program, we source and purchase green whole bean coffee from multiple green coffee suppliers, and from multiple
regions around the world. After being sourced by us, the green whole bean coffee is then shipped to our roasting partners where the coffee
is roasted and then shipped to us for grinding, blending, packing and packaging. Maintaining a steady supply of roasted coffee beans
from our co-packing customers is essential to our co-packing arrangements, and securing an adequate supply of green whole bean coffee
is essential to our ability to manufacture NuZee branded products and to support the development of private labels for our co-packing
customers under our private label development program. We have arrangements based on purchase orders in place with suppliers and partners
for all components required to provide our co-packing services and deliver our NuZee branded products. 

Our
principal packaging materials include filters, foils, cartons, and craft master cases. We conduct business with multiple vendors of packaging
materials on a purchase order basis. 

Distribution 

For
distribution of our single serve coffee products to our co-packing customers, we typically rely on the distribution networks of our co-packing
customers, including freight companies and common carriers arranged by them. At the request of our co-packing customers, we may also
utilize a freight broker for the distribution and delivery of our products according to our co-packing customers instructions.
We also sell NuZee branded products directly to consumers through our website and on Amazon, which are typically delivered by common
carriers directly to each customer. 

Intellectual
Property 

We
currently own the following United States trademarks: NuZee , NuZee Coffee (Stylized) , NuZee Coffee
and Design , Coffee Blenders and Twin Peaks. We are also in the process of obtaining rights to the
 It s Coffee Reimagined trademark. We intend to continue growing our trademark portfolio in the United States with
other related slogans and brands as new products are launched. 

We
further intend to expand our brand protections outside of the United States in line with our prospective international growth. As of
the date of this Report, we had registered trademarks Coffee Blenders and Twin Peaks in Japan and registered
trademarks Twin Peaks in Korea. 

We
intend to aggressively protect, police and assert our intellectual property rights, including product designs, proprietary product research
and concepts as well as our trademark portfolio. Although asserting our rights may result in a substantial cost to the Company, our management
strongly believes that the protection of our intellectual property rights is a key component of our operating strategy. 

International
operations 

Korea 

We
established our Korean subsidiary in 2018. We are one of many producers of single serve pour over coffee products in Korea and do not
have any exclusive rights for this region. Our strategy is to leverage our local relationships to secure large co-packing agreements
for the markets in Korea, China and other Asian countries. Our Korean subsidiary increased its customer base in our 2021 fiscal year,
and we believe that it will be able to continue to secure meaningful co-packing customers in our 2022 fiscal year. 

9 

Latin
America 

On
January 9, 2020, we entered into a Joint Venture Agreement (the JV Agreement with Industrias Marino, S.A. de C.V., a company
incorporated under the laws of Mexico El Marino ), to form a joint venture in Mexico between us and El Marino in Mexico NuZee Latin America ). NuZee Latin America is organized under the laws of Mexico and is in the early stages of business
development. Its primary business operations are intended to consist of the manufacture of single serve pour over coffee products for
sale in Mexico, Central and South America. 

Japan 

We
maintain a presence in Japan with an administrative office that is minimally staffed that primarily assists with import and export of
sales and materials between the US and Japan. 

Competition 

Prior
to the success of coffee pods within the last two decades, coffee was primarily consumed at home and via traditional pot-based drip brewers
and, to a lesser extent, instant coffee. Pot-based brewers are typically known for good quality coffee that produces multiple cups but
are not well-suited for single serve alternatives. In recent years with the advent of coffee pods and increased coffee consumption outside
the home, the North American market has been focused on speed and convenience. Coffee pods addressed the need for a single serve coffee
solution that was viewed as superior to instant coffee. As coffee consumption has also moved outside the home in recent years, consumer
preferences have also changed, leading to greater demand for higher quality coffee alternatives, particularly from younger consumers
such as millennials. 

The
beverage industry in general, and the coffee sector, is extremely competitive. The principal areas of competition include product, quality,
convenience, price, packaging, development of new products and flavors, and marketing campaigns. Our Coffee Blenders and other NuZee
branded products are competing directly with Green Mountain brands and other licensed brands, as well as third-parties in the single
serve coffee category who have similar formats to our products. Green Mountain brands have enjoyed broad, well-established national distribution
through well-funded advertising, and product awareness. Our Coffee Blenders and other NuZee branded products also compete generally with
all hot liquid refreshments, including specialty coffees and teas. Companies and brands manufacturing these products generally have far
greater financial, marketing, and distribution resources than we do. 

Important
factors that will affect our ability to compete successfully include functional delivery of our products and co-packing services, trade
and consumer promotions, the development of new, unique functions in new and various packaging formats, attractive and unique promotions,
branded product advertising, pricing, and the success of the distribution networks on which we rely. 

We
also compete to secure distributors who will agree to market our product over those of our competitors, provide stable and reliable distribution,
and secure adequate shelf space in retail outlets and search placement in online stores. 

Employees 

As
of September 30, 2021, we had a total of 20 employees in the United States, nine employees in Korea and one employee in Japan, all of
whom are full-time. None of our employees are represented by a labor organization or under any collective bargaining arrangements. We
believe our relationships with our employees are good. 

Our
operations are overseen directly by management that engages our employees to carry on our business. Our management oversees all responsibilities
in the areas of corporate administration, product development, marketing, and research. We may expand our current management to retain
other skilled directors, officers, and employees with experience relevant to our business focus. Our management s relationships
will provide the foundation through which we expect to grow our business in the future. We believe that the skill sets of our core management
team will be a primary asset in the development of our brands and trademarks. 

10 

Information
about our Executive Officers 

The
following sets forth the names, ages and current positions of our executive officers as of December 22, 2021. 

Masateru
Higashida , age 50, has served as our Chief Executive Officer, Secretary, and Treasurer since October 2014, and as Chair of the Board
since April 2013. In July 2020, Mr. Higashida was also re-appointed President of the Company. He previously also held the position of
President from October 2014 until August 2017, and Chief Financial Officer from August 2014 until February 2019. Mr. Higashida previously
founded multiple companies, including a Korea-based investment company and a Singapore-based investment company, and began his career
in the financial industry in Nagoya, Japan. 

Patrick
Shearer , age 53, has served as our Chief Financial Officer since July 2021. He brings over 25 years of experience in accounting,
finance, transactions, and management in a variety of industries including food and beverage. Mr. Shearer was employed by Deloitte from
1993 to 2020. Most recently at Deloitte, Mr. Shearer served as Partner, Risk and Financial Advisory Services from 2004 to 2020. During
this time, he was responsible for advising corporate and private equity clients on matters including accounting, finance, mergers, acquisitions,
divestitures, and capital markets in a variety of industries, including consumer, industrials, services, and technology. During his time
at Deloitte, Mr. Shearer was based in the firm s Los Angeles and San Francisco, California and Nagoya and Tokyo, Japan offices.
Mr. Shearer has significant international experience having lived and worked in Japan and having completed numerous cross-border projects.
Mr. Shearer earned a Bachelor of Arts degree in economics from the University of California, Los Angeles. He is a licensed certified
public accountant in the State of California. 

Tomoko
Toyota , age 50, has served as our Chief Marketing Officer since May 2021. Ms. Toyota brings over two decades of marketing leadership
experience developing global brand and business strategies, with more than 10 years in the coffee industry leading market expansion of
specialty coffee products, including single serve pour over coffee. From 2018 to 2021, Ms. Toyota was in charge of brand strategy and
integrated marketing as Integrated Marketing, Head of Spring at the Brooks Running Company. In this role, Ms. Toyota s responsibilities
included leading global brand strategy development for key initiatives and leading teams to develop integrated marketing campaigns. During
her 13-year tenure at the Starbucks Coffee Company between 2005 and 2018, Ms. Toyota held several senior level positions including Director
of Global Strategic Marketing and Innovation and Director of Starbucks Integrated Marketing and SBC. Ms. Toyota earned a Bachelor of
Arts degree in Political Science from Keio Gijuku University. 

Jose
Ramirez , age 46, has served as our Chief Sales Officer and Chief Supply Chain Officer since May 2021. Prior to joining the Company,
Mr. Ramirez worked for 12 years at Farmer Bros. Co. FBC ). Most recently, as the Vice President of Coffee Strategy
and Sustainability for FBC, he was responsible for green coffee management, customer and vendor partnerships, and company sustainability
initiatives. Mr. Ramirez has been very active in the coffee community for over 20 years, serving on several boards including the board
of World Coffee Research. 

Travis
Gorney , age 41, has served as our Chief Innovation Officer and Vice President, Sales since May 2021. He previously served as our
Chief Marketing Officer and Vice President from July 2020 to May 2021, President and Chief Operating Officer from September 2017 to July
2020, Senior VP of Sales and Marketing from January 2017 to August 2017 and VP of Sales and Supply Chain Management from February 2016
to January 2017. Mr. Gorney became a full-time employee of the Company in April 2013, following two years of consulting for Mr. Higashida
on a project concerning bottled spring water from New Zealand as well as a line of certified organic beauty products. From 2008 through
2018, Mr. Gorney acted as President and CEO of Left Coast Threads, Inc., a company that operates retail clothing stores. Previously,
in 2003, Mr. Gorney formed Point Blank Beverage, Inc. where, as President and CEO, he developed a premium energy drink by the name of
Torque. Mr. Gorney began his career in the beverage industry as national sales manager for a start-up independent energy beverage company
named Rollin X, LLC, where he worked from 2002 until 2004. 

11 

Governmental
Regulation 

Our
Coffee Blenders and other NuZee branded products are marketed and sold as conventional food or beverages for regulatory purposes. Such
products are regulated by the FDA. Ingredients in such products must be approved food additives or Generally Regarded as Safe .
We intend to work with ingredient suppliers, manufacturers, and other trade partners that are compliant with the laws and regulation
enforced by the FDA. We have not received, nor are we aware of, any inquiries or other regulatory action from the FDA or any other governmental
agency regarding our products and we believe we are in full compliance with all FDA regulations. 

The
advertising, distribution, labeling, production, safety, sale, and transportation in the United States of our products are subject to
the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act, the Federal Trade Commission Act, the Lanham Act, state consumer protection laws, competition
laws, federal, state and local workplace health and safety laws, various federal, state and local environmental protection laws, and
various other federal, state and local statutes and regulations. 

Corporate
Information 

We
were incorporated in 2011 in Nevada as Havana Furnishings, Inc. NuZee Co. Ltd. was incorporated in 2011. NuZee Co. Ltd. merged into Havana
Furnishings, Inc. in 2013, at which time we changed our name to NuZee, Inc. 

On
October 28, 2019, we completed a l-for-3 reverse stock split, which became effective on November 12, 2019 (the Reverse Split ).
Unless we indicate otherwise, all share and per share information in this Report reflects the Reverse Split, and the accompanying financial
statements and notes to the financial statements give effect to the Reverse Split. 

In
June 2020, our common stock commenced trading on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol NUZE. Prior to that, our common
stock was quoted on the OTCQB Marketplace under the same symbol. 

We
have two international subsidiaries in NuZee KOREA Ltd. NuZee KR ), and NuZee Investment Co., Ltd. NuZee INV ).
NuZee KR and NuZee INV are wholly owned subsidiaries of the Company. We also have a joint venture in Mexico, as further discussed above. 

Our
principal executive offices are located at 1401 Capital Avenue, Suite B, Plano, Texas 75074, and our telephone number is (760) 295-2408. 

Available
Information 

Our
annual and quarterly reports, along with all other reports and amendments filed with or furnished to the SEC, are publicly available
free of charge on the Investor Relations section of our website at www.mynuzee.com as soon as reasonably practicable after these materials
are filed with or furnished to the SEC. Our website and the information contained on, or that can be accessed through, the website will
not be deemed to be incorporated by reference in, and are not considered part of, this Report. Our corporate governance policies, ethics
code and board of directors committee charters are posted under the Investor Relations section of the website. The SEC also maintains
an Internet site that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically
with the SEC. The address of that site is www.sec.gov . 

12 

ITEM
1A. RISK FACTORS 

Risk
Factor Summary 

The
risk factors summarized below could materially harm our business, operating results and/or financial condition, impair our future prospects
and/or cause the price of our common stock to decline. These risks are discussed more fully in the section titled Risk Factors. 
Material risks that may affect our business, operating results and financial condition include, but are not necessarily limited to, the
following: 

1. 
 We
 have a history of net losses. We expect to continue to incur net losses in the future and we may never generate sufficient revenue
 from the commercialization of our single serve coffee products or co-packing services to achieve or sustain profitability. 

2. 
 We
 may not be able to raise additional capital to fund our existing operations, market our products and co-packing services and expand
 our operations. 

3. 
 We
 have limited operating history, which may make it difficult to evaluate our current business and to forecast our future performance. 

4. 
 Our
 ability to use our net operating loss carryforwards to offset future taxable income may be subject to certain limitations. 

5. 
 The
 COVID-19 pandemic and the appearance of new variants continues to affect our business operations and financial condition, and our
 liquidity could also be negatively impacted. 

6. 
 Sales
 to a limited number of customers represent a significant portion of our net sales. The loss of a key customer and efforts by our
 customers to improve their profitability could reduce sales of NuZee branded products and revenues generated from our co-packing
 services and adversely affect our financial performance. 

7. 
 Continued
 innovation and the successful development and timely launch of new products and co-packing services are critical to our financial
 results and achievement of our growth strategy. 

8. 
 Our
 future financial results are difficult to predict, and failure to meet market expectations for our financial performance or any publicly
 announced guidance may cause the price of our stock to decline. 

9. 
 Increased
 competition, including as a result of industry consolidation, could hurt our businesses, and changes in the coffee, tea and beverage
 environment and retail landscape could impact our financial results. 

10. 
 Our
 business, growth and profitability depend on the performance of third-parties and our relationship with them, including third-party
 coffee roasters. 

11. 
 Interruption
 or increased costs of our supply chain and sales network, including a disruption in operations at any of our facilities, could affect
 our ability to manufacture or distribute products and could adversely affect our business and sales. 

12. 
 The
 loss of any member of our senior management team or our inability to attract and retain highly skilled personnel could have a material
 adverse effect on our business. 

13. 
 A
 substantial portion of our sales are completed on a purchase order basis. Customers may issue fewer or smaller purchase orders than
 we expect under our co-packing arrangements or decide to delay or cancel orders, which could negatively impact our revenues. 

14. 
 Because
 our management structure is not centralized, the management of our business operations may be more expensive and more difficult. 

15. 
 Increases
 in the cost or decreases in the availability of high-quality coffee beans or other commodities could have an adverse impact on our
 business and financial results. Additionally, price increases may not be sufficient to offset cost increases and maintain profitability
 or may result in sales volume declines. 

16. 
 We
 may be unable to manage our future growth effectively, which could make it difficult to execute our business strategy. 

17. 
 Any
 failure by us to accurately forecast customer demand for our products and co-packing services, or to quickly adjust to forecast changes,
 could adversely affect our business and financial results. 

18. 
 We
 may not be able to adequately protect our intellectual property rights, and our competitors may be able to offer similar products
 and co-packing services, which would harm our competitive position. Additionally, we may be subject to intellectual property infringement
 claims, which may be expensive to defend and may disrupt our business and operations. 

13 

19. 
 Failure
 to comply with applicable transfer pricing and similar regulations could harm our business and financial results. 

20. 
 Our
 business operations could be disrupted due to miscommunications or translation errors. Additionally, our international sales and
 operations subject us to additional legal, regulatory, financial and other risks. 

21. 
 Significant
 additional labeling or warning requirements or limitations on the availability of our products may inhibit sales of affected products. 

22. 
 The
 market price of our stock may be volatile, and you could lose all or part of your investment. 

23. 
 Despite
 our listing on the Nasdaq Capital Market, there can be no assurance that an active trading market for our common stock will be sustained.
 The NASDAQ Capital Market may subsequently delist our common stock if we fail to comply with ongoing listing standards. 

24. 
 Our
 stockholders will experience dilution if we issue additional equity securities in future financing transactions. 

25. 
 A
 significant portion of our total outstanding shares of common stock are eligible to be sold into the market in the near future, which
 could cause the market price of our common stock to drop significantly. 

26. 
 Our
 principal stockholder and management, including our Chief Executive Officer in particular, own a significant percentage of our stock
 and will be able to exert significant control over matters subject to stockholder approval. 

27. 
 We
 incur significant costs as a result of operating as a public company, and our management must devote substantial time to compliance
 initiatives as a result of the listing of our common stock on the Nasdaq Capital Market. 

28. 
 We
 expect to incur significant costs and devote substantial management time to maintaining our disclosure controls and procedures and
 internal control over financial reporting, and regardless we may be unable to prevent or detect all errors or acts of fraud or to
 accurately and timely report our financial results or file our periodic reports in a timely manner. If we are unable to maintain
 an effective system of internal control over financial reporting, we may not be able to accurately report our financial results,
 timely file our periodic reports, maintain our reporting status or prevent fraud. 

29. 
 Anti-takeover
 provisions in our articles of incorporation and second amended and restated bylaws might discourage, delay or prevent a change of
 control of our company or changes in our management and, therefore, depress the trading price of our securities. 

30. 
 We
 have never paid dividends on our capital stock and we do not anticipate paying any dividends in the foreseeable future. Consequently,
 any profits from an investment in our common stock will depend on whether the price of our common stock increases. 

31. 
 Claims
 for indemnification by our directors and officers may reduce our available funds to satisfy successful third-party claims against
 us and may reduce the amount of money available to us. 

32. 
 Product
 safety and quality concerns could negatively affect our business. 

33. 
 If
 we are unable to protect our information systems against service interruption or failure, misappropriation of data or breaches of
 security, our operations could be disrupted, we could be subject to costly government enforcement actions and private litigation
 and our reputation may be damaged. 

34. 
 Currently
 pending, threatened or future litigation or governmental proceedings or inquiries could result in material adverse consequences,
 including judgments or settlements. 

35. 
 Future
 acquisitions of and investments in new businesses could impact our business and financial condition. 

In
addition to the other information set forth in this Report and other filings we have made and make in the future with the SEC, you should
carefully consider the following risk factors and uncertainties, which could materially affect our business, financial condition or results
of operations in future periods. Additional risks not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial also may materially
adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations in future periods. 

Risks
Related to Our Financial Condition and Capital Requirements 

We
have a history of net losses. We expect to continue to incur net losses in the future and we may never generate sufficient revenue from
the commercialization of our single serve coffee products or co-packing services to achieve or sustain profitability. 

We
have incurred net losses since our inception in 2013, including net losses of 18.6 million and 9.5 million for the years ended September
30, 2021, and 2020, respectively. As of September 30, 2021, our accumulated deficit was approximately 52.8 million. We expect to incur
significant sales and marketing expenses, as well as costs associated with operating as an exchange-listed public company, prior to recording
sufficient revenue from our operations to offset these expenses. 

14 

These
losses have had, and will continue to have, an adverse effect on our working capital, total assets and stockholders equity. Our
ability to become and remain profitable will depend on our ability to generate significantly higher revenues from the sales of our single
serve coffee products and co-packing services, which depends upon a number of factors, including but not limited to successful sales,
manufacturing, marketing and distribution of our products and services. 

Because
of the numerous risks and uncertainties associated with our commercialization efforts, we are unable to predict when we will become profitable,
and we may never become profitable. Even if we do achieve profitability, we may not be able to sustain or increase profitability on a
quarterly or annual basis. Our inability to achieve and then sustain profitability would have a material adverse effect on our business
and financial condition. 

We
may not be able to raise additional capital to fund our existing operations, market our products and expand our operations. 

While
we believe that our cash and cash equivalents will be sufficient to fund our planned operations and capital expenditure requirements
for at least 12 months, this evaluation is based on relevant conditions and events that are currently known or reasonably foreseeable.
As a result, we could deplete our available capital resources sooner than we currently expect, and a reduction in consumer demand for,
or revenues from the sale of, our single serve coffee products and co-packing services could further constrain our cash resources. 

If
our available cash balances and anticipated cash flow from operations are lower than we anticipate, including due to changes in our business
plan, a lower demand for our products and co-packing services or other risks described in this Report, we may seek to raise additional
capital sooner than currently expected. However, we may not be able raise such additional capital on favorable terms or at all. 

We
may also consider raising additional capital in the future to expand our business, to pursue strategic investments or acquisitions, to
take advantage of financing opportunities or for other reasons, including to: 

fund
 development of our products and co-packing services; 

acquire,
 license or invest in technologies or intellectual property relating to our existing products; 

acquire
 or invest in complementary businesses or assets; and 

finance
 capital expenditures and general and administrative expenses. 

Our
present and future funding requirements will depend on many factors, including: 

success
 of our current marketing efforts; 

our
 revenue growth rate and ability to generate cash flows from sales of our products and co-packing services; 

effects
 of competing technological and market developments; and 

changes
 in regulatory oversight applicable to our products. 

The
various alternatives for raising additional capital include short-term or long-term debt financings, equity offerings, collaborations
or licensing arrangements and each one carries potential risks. If we raise funds by issuing equity securities, our stockholders will
be further diluted. Any equity securities issued also could provide for rights, preferences or privileges senior to those of holders
of our common stock. If we raise funds by issuing debt securities, those debt securities would have rights, preferences and privileges
senior to those of holders of our common stock. The terms of debt securities issued or borrowings pursuant to a credit agreement could
impose significant restrictions on our operations or our ability to issue additional equity securities or issue additional indebtedness.
We may also be required under additional debt financing to grant security interests on our assets, including our intellectual property.
If we raise funds through collaborations and licensing arrangements, we might be required to relinquish significant rights to our intellectual
property, or grant licenses on terms that are not favorable to us which could lower the economic value of those items to us. 

15 

The
credit markets and the financial services industry have in the past experienced turmoil and upheaval characterized by the bankruptcy,
failure, collapse, or sale of various financial institutions and intervention from the U.S. federal government. Furthermore, the capital
markets and the financial services industry are currently and expected to continue to be unpredictable and volatile due to the global
impact of COVID-19. These events typically make equity and debt financing more difficult to obtain. Accordingly, additional equity or
debt financing might not be available on reasonable terms, if at all. If we cannot secure additional funding when needed, including due
to changes in our business plan, a lower demand for our products or co-packing services or other risks described in this Report, we may
have to delay, reduce the scope of or eliminate one or more sales and marketing initiatives and development programs, which would have
a materially adverse effect on our business. 

We
have limited operating history, which may make it difficult to evaluate our current business and to forecast our future performance. 

We
have little operating history and are addressing an emerging market. As a result, our current and future business prospects are difficult
to evaluate. All potential investors must consider our business prospects in light of the risks and difficulties we have encountered
and will continue to encounter as a company operating in a rapidly evolving market. Some of these risks relate to our potential inability
to: 

effectively
 manage our business and proprietary information; 

recruit
 and retain sales and marketing, technical and managerial personnel; 

recruit
 and retain appropriate distributor relationships; 

successfully
 develop and protect our intellectual property portfolio; 

successfully
 provide high quality products and co-packing services as our business expands; and 

successfully
 address other risks, as described in this Report or otherwise. 

If
we do not address these risks successfully, it could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition. 

Our
ability to use our net operating loss carryforwards to offset future taxable income may be subject to certain limitations. 

The
Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (the TCJA ), enacted in 2017, limited the use of net operating loss carryforwards arising in periods
beginning after 2017 to eighty-percent of taxable income in the period to which the losses are carried. The TCJA also extended the expiration
period for net operating losses arising in periods after 2017 from 20 years to an unlimited period. 

However,
the taxable income limitation on the use of net operating loss carryforwards was eliminated by the Coronavirus Aid, Relief and Economic
Security Act (the CARES Act) for tax years beginning before January 1, 2021. We may not be able to utilize our existing
net operating losses or any portion thereof in the current tax year or any available carryforward period. 

In
addition, Section 382 may limit the utilization of net operating loss carryforwards. In general, under Section 382 of the Internal Revenue
Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ), a corporation that undergoes an ownership change is subject to annual
limitations on its ability to use its pre-change net operating loss carryforwards, or NOLs, and certain other tax attributes to offset
future taxable income or reduce taxes. Our past issuances of stock and other changes in our stock ownership may have resulted in one
or more ownership changes within the meaning of Section 382 of the Code; accordingly, our pre-change NOLs may be subject to limitation
under Section 382. State NOL carryforwards may be similarly limited. Furthermore, transactions in our stock that have occurred in the
past and could occur in the future may trigger another ownership change pursuant to Section 382. Because of the cost and complexity involved
in the analysis of a Section 382 ownership change and the fact that we do not have any taxable income to offset, we have not undertaken
a study to assess whether an ownership change has occurred or whether there have been multiple ownership changes since
we became a loss corporation as defined in Section 382. Future changes in our stock ownership could result in ownership
changes under Section 382 of the Code further limiting our ability to utilize our NOLs. Finally, our ability to use NOLs of companies
that we may acquire in the future may be subject to limitations. For these reasons, even if we attain profitability, we may not be able
to use a material portion of our NOLs, and this could reduce our earnings and potentially affect the valuation of our stock. 

16 

Risks
Related to Our Business 

The
COVID-19 pandemic continues to affect our business operations and financial condition, and our liquidity could also be negatively impacted,
particularly if the United States and East Asian economies remain unstable for a significant amount of time. 

In
December 2019, the novel coronavirus COVID-19 originated in Wuhan, China. Since its discovery, COVID-19 has spread worldwide
and caused significant disruption in the international and United States economies and financial markets. Federal, state and local government
responses to COVID-19 and our responses to the outbreak have all disrupted and will continue to disrupt our business. In the United States,
individuals are being required to practice social distancing, in many places have been or currently still are restricted from gathering
in large groups, and in some cases have been placed on complete restriction from non-essential movements outside of their homes. Even
as efforts to contain the pandemic have made progress and some restrictions have relaxed, new variants of the virus have arisen globally.
The impact of the Delta and Omicron variants, or other variants that may emerge, cannot be predicted at this time, and
could depend on numerous factors, including vaccination rates and the availability of vaccines in different parts of the world, the effectiveness
of COVID-19 vaccines against variants, and the response by governmental bodies to reinstate restrictive measures. 

The
spread of COVID-19 and its variants and resulting business closings, layoffs, travel bans and restrictions and shelter-in-place or similar
orders have resulted, and may result in the future, in substantial and widespread reduction in business activity and financial transactions,
an increase in unemployment, reduced consumer spending, supply chain interruptions and overall economic and financial market instability,
which may affect our ability to produce our products and provide our co-packing services, demand for our products and co-packing services,
our revenues and our ability to collect outstanding receivables, as well as the ability of our customers to pay for goods delivered.
Such federal or state laws, regulations, orders, or other governmental or regulatory actions addressing the COVID-19 pandemic could ultimately
have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

In
the fiscal years ended September 30, 2020 and September 30, 2021, as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic and responses to the outbreak,
certain of our customers slowed or delayed purchases of our co-packing services or single serve coffee products, and we also believe
that potential sales of our single serve coffee products to new or potential customers in the hospitality industry were adversely impacted.
In addition, we have experienced delays in the submission and approval of custom artwork and packaging as well as the shipment to us
of coffee for co-packing from Asia. We do not believe, however, that these delays had a significant effect on our business or results
of operations to date, and in some cases we have been able to mitigate these adverse effects in part by sourcing coffee and other supplies
from alternative suppliers in the United States. As the COVID-19 pandemic is complex and rapidly changing, the full extent and duration
of the impact of COVID-19 on our business and financial results is currently unknown and depends on future developments that are uncertain
and unpredictable, including the duration and spread of the pandemic and its impact on consumer spending, supply chains and overall economic
and financial markets. If general economic conditions deteriorate or remain uncertain for an extended period of time, our liquidity may
be harmed and the trading price of our common stock could decline significantly. 

We
have a corporate office in Japan and a manufacturing and sales office in Korea, and we source our manufacturing equipment and filters
from East Asian companies. The continued spread of COVID-19 and the appearance of new variants and implementation of restrictive measures
may adversely affect our operations in North America and Asia and our business generally, depending on the extent of its spread of the
virus, the effect on international trade and commerce and on foreign and domestic travel generally of any measures taken to combat the
virus, any action taken (such as the lowering of interest rates) by government entities to combat the negative macroeconomic effects
of these measures, and other factors. If such circumstances continue to deteriorate, our production capabilities and demand for our products
and co-packing services may decline, which would have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 

17 

Sales
to a limited number of customers represent a significant portion of our net sales. The loss of a key customer, including by consolidation
in the retail channel, and efforts by our customers to improve their profitability could reduce sales of NuZee branded products and adversely
affect our financial performance. 

Sales
to relatively few co-packing customers account for a significant percentage of our net sales, and our success depends in part on our
ability to maintain good relationships with these and other key retail and grocery customers. Currently, Amazon and our www.coffeeblenders.com
website are our only established domestic retail channels for direct sales to consumers of NuZee branded products. However, we can provide
no assurance that any of these customers or any of our other customers will continue to utilize our products or our co-packing services
at current levels, or at all. We have arrangements with our co-packing customers primarily based on purchase orders which stipulate key
terms including order quantity, product specifications, price, payment terms, packaging method and delivery instructions. 

As
a result, many of our key customers may cease purchasing our products or utilizing our co-packing services at any time without penalty
and are free to purchase products from our competitors. There can be no assurance that our customers will continue to purchase our products
or utilize our co-packing services in the same mix or quantities or on the same terms as they have in the past. The loss of one or more
of our key customers, or cancellation of or reduction in the amount of purchase by our key customers, could have an adverse effect on
our results of operations and financial condition. 

In
addition, because of the competitive environment facing retailers, many of our customers have increasingly sought to improve their profitability
through increased promotional programs, pricing concessions, more favorable trade terms and increased emphasis on private label products.
To the extent we provide concessions or trade terms that are favorable to customers, our margins would be reduced. Further, if we are
unable to continue to offer terms that are acceptable to our significant customers or our customers determine that they need fewer inventories
to service consumers, these customers could reduce purchases of our products or may increase purchases of products from our competitors,
which would harm our sales and profitability. 

Our
industry is also being affected by the trend toward consolidation in the retail channel. Retailers have and will likely continue to seek
lower prices from us and demand increased marketing or promotional expenditures. Large retailers also may be more likely to use their
distribution networks to introduce and develop private label brands. Strategic partners may also choose to vertically integrate their
brands manufacturing and distribution. Any of the foregoing could negatively affect our sales of NuZee branded products and our
profitability. 

18 

Continued
innovation and the successful development and timely launch of new products and co-packing services are critical to our financial results
and achievement of our growth strategy . 

Our
primary focus is the development of single serve coffee products in the North American market targeting the individual consumer for use
at home and office or other settings. In addition to single serve pour over coffee products, we have also recently expanded our co-packing
expertise to tea bag style coffee products. Under our private label coffee development program, we intend to continue working with current
and new customers in developing private labels of signature coffees and, in this regard, use our expertise to source, roast (utilizing
our third-party roasting partners), blend, and package coffee to their exact specifications. We have also developed and sell NuZee branded
products. Our growth strategy includes, among other things, further developing our NuZee branded product lines and growing our private
label coffee development program to reach new co-packing customers, as well as increasing sales of our recently introduced tea bag style
coffee. In the future, as part of our growth strategy, we may also consider co-packaging other products that are complementary to our
current single serve coffee product offerings and provide us with a deeper access to our customers. 

Our
future success depends, largely, on our ability to implement these and our other growth strategies effectively. However, achievement
of our growth strategy is dependent, among other things, on our ability to extend the product offerings of our existing brands and introduce
innovative new products and co-packing services. Although we devote significant focus to the development of new products, including NuZee
branded products, we may not be successful in developing innovative new products or our new products may not be commercially successful.
We also may be unsuccessful in expanding our co-packaging services to other products that are complementary to our current single serve
coffee product offerings. Additionally, our new product introductions are often time sensitive, and thus failure to deliver innovations
on schedule could be detrimental to our ability to successfully launch such new products and retain partners, in addition to potentially
harming our reputation and customer loyalty. If we fail to implement our growth strategies or if we invest resources in growth strategies
that ultimately prove unsuccessful, our sales and profitability may be negatively affected, which would materially and adversely affect
our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our financial results and our ability to maintain or improve our competitive
position will depend on our ability to effectively gauge the direction of our key marketplaces and successfully identify, develop, manufacture,
market and sell new or improved products and co-packing services in these changing marketplaces. 

Our
future financial results are difficult to predict, and failure to meet market expectations for our financial performance or any publicly
announced guidance may cause the price of our stock to decline. 

As
we and our industry evolve, we expect to face new challenges with respect to our introduction of innovative products and the changing
competitive landscape within the single serve category and the beverage industry. These challenges can occur at various stages, including
design, supply chain and sales cycle. Any public forecasts regarding the expected performance of our business and future operating results
are forward-looking statements subject to risks and uncertainties, including the risks and uncertainties described in our filings with
the SEC and in our other public statements, and necessarily reflect current assumptions and judgments that may prove incorrect. As a
result, there can be no assurance that our performance will be consistent with any public forecasts or that any variation from such forecasts
will not be material and adverse. Failure to meet expectations, particularly with respect to operating margins, earnings per share, operating
cash flows and net revenues may result in a decline and/or increased volatility in the price of our stock. In addition, price and volume
fluctuations in the stock market as a whole may affect the price of our stock in ways that may be unrelated to our financial performance. 

Our
international sales and operations subject us to various additional legal, regulatory, financial and other risks. 

We
have a manufacturing and sales office in Seoul, Korea. We operate globally and are attempting to develop products and provide co-packing
services in multiple countries. Consequently, we face complex legal and regulatory requirements in multiple jurisdictions, which may
expose us to certain financial and other risks. International operations are subject to a variety of risks, including: 

foreign
 currency exchange rate fluctuations; 

greater
 difficulty in overseeing foreign operations; 

logistical
 and communications challenges; 

19 

potential
 adverse changes in laws and regulatory practices, including export license requirements, trade barriers, tariffs and tax laws; 

burdens
 and costs of compliance with a variety of foreign laws; 

political
 and economic instability; 

foreign
 tax laws and potential increased costs associated with overlapping tax structures; 

greater
 difficulty in protecting intellectual property; 

the
 risk of third-party disputes over ownership of intellectual property and infringement of third-party intellectual property by our
 products; and 

general
 social, economic and political conditions in these foreign markets. 

Increased
competition, including as a result of industry consolidation, could hurt our businesses. 

The
beverage industry is intensely competitive and we compete with respect to product, quality, convenience, technology, innovation, and
price. We face significant competition in each of our channels and marketplaces. We compete with major international beverage companies
that operate in multiple geographic areas, many of which have greater financial and other resources than we do, as well as numerous companies
that are primarily local in operation. Our NuZee branded products also compete against local or regional brands as well as against private
label brands developed by retailers. Our ability to gain or maintain share of sales in the global marketplace or in various local marketplaces
or maintain or enhance our relationships with our partners and customers may be limited as a result of actions by competitors, including
as a result of increased consolidation in the food and beverage industry. 

Changes
in the coffee, tea and beverage environment and retail landscape could impact our financial results. 

The
coffee, tea and beverage environment is rapidly evolving as a result of, among other things, changes in consumer preferences; shifting
consumer tastes and needs; changes in consumer lifestyles; and competitive product and pricing pressures. In addition, the beverage retail
landscape is dynamic and constantly evolving, not only in emerging and developing marketplaces, where modern trade is growing at a faster
pace than traditional trade outlets, but also in developed marketplaces, where discounters and value stores, as well as the volume of
transactions through e-commerce, are growing at a rapid pace. If we are unable to successfully adapt to the rapidly changing environment
and retail landscape, our share of sales, volume growth and overall financial results could be negatively affected. 

Our
business, growth and profitability depend on the performance of third-parties and our relationship with them. 

In
connection with the manufacture of NuZee branded products and private labels for our co-packing customers under our private label development
program, we rely on third-party roasters to roast green whole bean coffee according to our specifications before shipping to us for grinding,
blending, packing and packaging. Our reliance on third-party roasters to roast coffee beans necessary to manufacture our products and
allow us to fulfill every aspect of our co-packing services subjects us to additional risks, including the possible termination of the
arrangement by a third-party roaster at a time that is costly or inconvenient for us. Our third-party roasters are independent entities
subject to their own unique operational and financial risks that are out of our control. If any of these third-party roasters fail to
perform as required, this could cause delays in our receipt of roasted whole-bean coffee that is necessary to manufacture our products
and provide our co-packing services. 

In
addition, a significant portion of our distribution network, and correspondingly our success in distributing our single serve coffee
products, depends on the performance of third-parties. Any non-performance or deficient performance by such parties may undermine our
operations and profitability. For distribution of our single serve coffee products to our co-packing customers, we typically rely on
the distribution networks of our co-packing customers, including freight companies and common carriers arranged by them. At the request
of our co-packing customers, we may also utilize a freight broker for the distribution and delivery of our products according to our
co-packing customers instructions. We also sell NuZee branded products directly to consumers through our website and on Amazon,
which are typically delivered by common carriers directly to each customer. The success of these distribution networks depends on the
performance of brokers, distributors, common carriers and retailers. There is a risk that a broker, distributor, common carrier or retailer
may refuse to or cease to market or carry our product, or that any such entity may not adequately perform its functions within the network
by, without limitation, failing to distribute our products. 

20 

Furthermore,
such third-parties financial position or market share may deteriorate, which could adversely affect our distribution, marketing
and sale activities. We must also maintain good commercial relationships with third-party brokers, distributors and retailers so that
they will promote and carry our product. Any adverse consequences resulting from the performance of third-parties or our relationship
with them could undermine our operations and profitability. 

Interruption
or increased costs of our supply chain and sales network, including a disruption in operations at any of our facilities, could affect
our ability to manufacture or distribute products and could adversely affect our business and sales. 

A
disruption in operations at any of our facilities or any other disruption in our supply chain or increase in prices relating to service
by our retailers, distributors, common carriers that ship goods within our distribution channels, or otherwise, whether as a result of
shipping costs and delays, trade restrictions, casualty, natural disaster, weather, power loss, telecommunications failure, terrorism,
labor shortages, contractual disputes, interruptions in port operations or highway arteries, pandemic, strikes, work stoppages, the financial
or operational instability of key suppliers, distributors and transportation providers, or other causes, could significantly impair our
ability to operate our business, adversely affect our relationship with our customers, and impact our financial condition or results
of operations. In the fiscal years ended September 30, 2020 and September 30, 2021, as a result of responses to the COVID-19 pandemic,
we have experienced delays in the shipment to us of coffee and packaging materials for co-packing. To date, in some cases we have been
able to mitigate these adverse effects in part by sourcing coffee and other supplies from alternative suppliers in the United States,
but any such mitigation efforts may not be successful in the future. 

The
loss of any member of our senior management team or our inability to attract and retain highly skilled personnel could have a material
adverse effect on our business. 

Our
success depends on the skills, experience and performance of key members of our senior management team, including Masateru Higashida,
our Chief Executive Officer and President, Secretary and Treasurer, Patrick Shearer, our Chief Financial Officer, Jose Ramirez, our Chief
Sales Officer Chief Supply Chain Officer, and Tomoko Toyota, our Chief Marketing Officer. The individual and collective efforts
of our senior management team will be important as we continue to expand our commercial activities and develop additional products. The
loss or incapacity of existing members of our senior management team could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial
condition if we experience difficulties in hiring qualified successors. Our employment agreements with our executive officers are at
will , and the retention of our executive officers for any period of time cannot be guaranteed. We do not maintain key person 
insurance on any of our employees. 

Due
to the specialized nature of the business and our small size, we are highly dependent upon our ability to attract and retain qualified
sales and marketing, technical and managerial personnel. The loss of the services of existing personnel, as well as the failure to recruit
key sales, marketing, technical and managerial personnel in a timely manner would be detrimental to our development and could have a
material adverse effect on our business and financial condition. Our anticipated growth and expansion into areas and activities requiring
additional expertise, such as sales and marketing, may require the addition of new management personnel, both domestic and international.
All of our employees may terminate their employment at any time with short or no advance notice. We may have difficulties locating, recruiting
or retaining qualified sales people. Recruiting and retention difficulties will limit our ability to support our development and sales
programs and to build a commercially viable business. 

The
competition for talent is currently extremely high. In this competitive environment, our business could be adversely impacted by increases
in labor costs, including wages and benefits, including those increases triggered by regulatory actions regarding wages, scheduling and
benefits; increased health care and workers compensation insurance costs; increased wages and costs of other benefits necessary
to attract and retain high quality employees with the right skill sets, and increased wages, and benefits and costs related to the COVID-19
pandemic and its resurgence. In addition, our wages and benefits programs, combined with the challenging conditions due to the COVID-19
pandemic, may be insufficient to attract and retain talent. 

21 

A
substantial portion of our sales are completed on a purchase order basis without any written agreements, including sales under our co-packing
arrangements with Cuv e and other co-packing customers. Such co-packing customers may issue fewer or smaller purchase orders than
we expect under our co-packing arrangements, which could negatively impact our revenues. In addition, although these purchase orders
are generally not cancelable, such customers may decide to delay or cancel orders, which could also negatively impact our revenues. 

Generally,
under our co-packing arrangements, customers must issue purchase orders for our products and co-packing services. Although these purchase
orders stipulate key terms including order quantity, product specifications, price, payment terms, packaging method and delivery instructions,
our co-packing arrangements are typically not governed by any written agreement and have no minimum purchase requirements. In addition,
although orders covered by firm purchase orders are generally not cancelable, customers may decide to delay or cancel orders, and we
may have difficulty enforcing the provisions of the purchase order. In the event that customers with whom we have co-packing arrangements,
including Cuv e, issue fewer or smaller purchase orders than we expect, or we experience any delays or cancellations in orders
(due to current distress in the global economy caused by COVID-19, or otherwise), our revenues could decline substantially. Any such
decline could result in us incurring net losses, increasing our accumulated deficit and needing to raise additional capital to fund our
operations. 

Because
our management structure is not centralized, the management of our business operations may be more expensive and more difficult. 

As
part of our strategy to attract the most qualified individuals, we do not require the members of our management team to relocate to a
particular geographic area. Accordingly, the members of our management team are geographically dispersed. This decentralized structure
might cause additional expenses in the conduct of our business, and may also delay communication between members of our management team,
lower the quality of our management decisions or decrease our ability to take action quickly. 

Increases
in the cost of high-quality coffee beans or other commodities or decreases in the availability of high quality coffee beans or other
commodities could have an adverse impact on our business and financial results. 

Under
our co-packing arrangements, our co-packing customers typically supply us with roasted, whole bean coffee that we then produce and package
into single serve pour over and tea-bag style coffee products according to their formulations and specifications. We also purchase green
whole bean coffee from multiple green coffee suppliers to support the manufacture of our NuZee branded coffee products and the development
of private labels under our private label development program, in which we work with co-packing customers in developing private labels
of signature coffees by sourcing, blending, and packaging coffee to their exact specifications. After being sourced by us, the green
whole bean coffee is then shipped to our roasting partners where the coffee is roasted and then shipped to us for grinding, blending
and packaging. 

The
price of coffee is subject to significant volatility, and may increase due to the factors described below. The high-quality coffee beans
we and our co-packing customers seek tend to trade on a negotiated basis at a premium above the commodity trading price of coffee as
quoted on the Intercontinental Exchange, also known as the C price of coffee. This premium depends upon the supply and
demand at the time of purchase and the amount of the premium can vary significantly. Increases in the C coffee commodity
price do increase the price of high-quality coffee and also impact our ability to enter into fixed-price purchase commitments. The supply
and price of coffee we and our co-packing customers purchase can also be affected by multiple factors in the producing countries, including
weather, natural disasters, crop disease (such as coffee rust) and pests, general increase in farm inputs and costs of production, armed
conflict, labor actions, government actions and trade barriers or tariffs, inventory levels and political and economic conditions, as
well as real or perceived supply shortages, an increase in green coffee purchased and sold on a negotiated basis rather than directly
on commodity markets in response to higher production costs relative to C market prices, pandemics or other disease outbreaks
(including the COVID-19 pandemic), and the actions of certain organizations and associations that have historically attempted to influence
prices of coffee through agreements establishing export quotas or by restricting coffee supplies. Recently, there has been increased
volatility in the C market price, with prices at times increasing to five-year highs. The uncertainty over several factors,
including the impact of weather patterns in coffee producing regions, and global supply chain constraints and shipping shortages, caused
greater uncertainty in the markets. Specifically, severe frosts and drought in Brazil currently threaten to negatively impact crop yields
for multiple harvests, which could reduce supply and increase cost. In addition, the political situation in many of the Arabica coffee
growing regions, including Africa, Indonesia, and Central and South America, can be unstable, and such instability could also reduce
supply and increase cost. Speculative trading in coffee commodities can also influence coffee prices. Because of the significance of
coffee beans to our operations, combined with our ability to only partially mitigate future price risk through purchasing practices and
hedging activities, increases in the cost of high-quality coffee beans could have an adverse impact on our profitability, financial condition
or results of operations. 

22 

Maintaining
a steady supply of roasted coffee beans from our co-packing customers is essential to our co-packing arrangements, and securing an adequate
supply of green whole bean coffee is essential to our ability to manufacture NuZee branded products and to support the development of
private labels for our co-packing customers. We and certain of our co-packing customers rely upon relationships with key suppliers to
source coffee. If any of these supply relationships deteriorate or we or our co-packing customers are unable to renegotiate contracts
with suppliers (with similar or more favorable terms) or find alternative sources for supply, we or our co-packing customers may be unable
to procure a sufficient quantity of high-quality coffee beans at acceptable prices or at all. If we or our co-packing customers are not
able to purchase sufficient quantities of coffee due to any of the above factors or a worldwide or regional shortage, we may not be able
to fulfill the demand for our products or may suffer reduced demand for our co-packing services, which could have an adverse impact on
our business and financial results. 

Price
increases may not be sufficient to offset cost increases and maintain profitability or may result in sales volume declines. 

We
may be able to pass some or all raw materials, energy and other input cost increases to customers by increasing the selling prices of
our products or decreasing the size of our products; however, higher product prices or decreased product sizes may also result in a reduction
in sales volume and/or consumption. If we are not able to increase our selling prices or reduce product sizes sufficiently to offset
increased raw material, energy or other input costs, including but not limited to packaging, direct labor, overhead and employee benefits,
or if our sales volume decreases significantly, there could be a negative impact on our results of operations and financial condition. 

We
may be unable to manage our future growth effectively, which could make it difficult to execute our business strategy. 

While
we are currently a small company and, therefore, limited in our product development, marketing and sales activities, we anticipate continued
growth in our business operations commensurate with the expansion of our sales and support operations and distribution network and the
commercialization of our single serve coffee products. In fiscal year 2021, we expanded our sales and support operations by adding, among
others, a new Chief Sales Officer Chief Supply Chain Officer, a new Chief Marketing Officer, a new Vice President of Business Development,
and a new Vice President of Sales, North and West Coast. As of September 30, 2021, we have 30 employees and we expect
to continue hiring new employees and independent contractors to support our anticipated growth. Any future growth could impose significant
added responsibilities on members of our existing management and create strain on our organizational, administrative, and operational
infrastructure, including sales and marketing, quality control, and customer service. Our ability to manage our growth properly will
require us to continue to improve our operational, financial and management controls, as well as our reporting systems and procedures,
which in the past have been determined to be inadequate. Our status as an exchange-listed public company will require us to increase
our investment in financial accounting and reporting. If our current infrastructure is unable to handle our growth, we may need to expand
our infrastructure, to identify and recruit new staff and to implement new reporting systems. The time and resources required to implement
such expansion and systems could adversely affect our operations. Our future financial performance and our ability to expand and market
our single serve coffee products and to compete effectively will depend, in part, on our ability to manage this potential future growth
effectively, without compromising quality. 

Any
failure by us to accurately forecast customer demand for our products, or to quickly adjust to forecast changes, could adversely affect
our business and financial results. 

There
is inherent risk in forecasting demand due to the uncertainties involved in assessing the current level of maturity of the single serve
component of our business. We set target levels for the manufacture of our single serve coffee products and for the purchase of coffee
in advance of customer orders based upon our forecasts of customer demand and those of our business partners. If our forecasts exceed
demand, we could experience excess inventory in the short-term, excess manufacturing capacity in the short and long-term, and/or price
decreases, all of which could impact our financial performance. Alternatively, if demand exceeds our forecasts significantly beyond our
current manufacturing capacity, we may not be able to satisfy customer demand, which could result in a loss of share if our competitors
are able to meet customer demands. A failure to accurately predict the level of demand for our products could adversely affect our net
revenues and net income. 

23 

We
may not be able to adequately protect our intellectual property rights, and our competitors may be able to offer similar products and
services, which would harm our competitive position. 

Our
success depends in part upon our intellectual property rights. We rely primarily on trademark, trade secret laws, confidentiality procedures,
license agreements and contractual provisions to establish and protect our proprietary rights over our products, procedures and services.
Other persons could copy or otherwise obtain and use our intellectual properties without authorization or create intellectual properties
similar to ours independently. We may also pursue the registration of our domain names, trademarks and service marks in other jurisdictions,
including the United States. However, we cannot assure you that we will be able to protect our proprietary rights. Further, our competitors
may be able to independently develop similar intellectual property, duplicate our products and services or design around any intellectual
property rights we hold. Further, our intellectual property rights may be subject to termination or expirations. The loss of intellectual
property protections or the inability to timely regain intellectual property protections could harm our business and ability to compete. 

We
may be subject to intellectual property infringement claims, which may be expensive to defend and may disrupt our business and operations. 

We
cannot be certain that our operations or any aspects of our business do not or will not infringe upon or otherwise violate trademarks,
patents, copyrights, know-how or other intellectual property rights held by third parties. We may be from time to time subject to legal
proceedings and claims relating to the intellectual property rights of others. 

There
may be third-party intellectual property that is infringed by our products, services or other aspects of our business. There could also
be existing patents or other intellectual property rights of which we are not aware that our products may inadvertently infringe. We
cannot assure you that holders of the relevant intellectual property rights purportedly relating to some aspect of our technology platform
or business, if any such holders exist, would not seek to enforce such intellectual property rights against us in the United States or
any other jurisdiction. We also cannot be certain that our efforts will be effective in completely preventing the infringement of trademarks,
patents, copyrights, know-how or other intellectual property rights held by third parties. If we are found to have violated the intellectual
property rights of others, we may be subject to liability for our infringement activities or may be prohibited from using such intellectual
property, and we may incur licensing fees or be forced to develop alternatives of our own. In addition, we may incur significant expenses,
and may be forced to divert management s time and other resources from our business and operations to defend against these third-party
infringement claims, regardless of their merits. Successful infringement or licensing claims made against us may result in significant
monetary liabilities and may materially disrupt our business and operations by restricting or prohibiting our use of the intellectual
property in question. 

Failure
to comply with applicable transfer pricing and similar regulations could harm our business and financial results. 

In
many countries, including the United States, we are subject to transfer pricing and other tax regulations designed to ensure that appropriate
levels of income are reported as earned and are taxed accordingly. Although we believe that we are in substantial compliance with all
applicable regulations and restrictions, we are subject to the risk that governmental authorities could audit our transfer pricing and
related practices and assert that additional taxes are owed. In the event that the audits or assessments are concluded adversely to us,
we may or may not be able to offset or mitigate the consolidated effect of foreign income tax assessments through the use of U.S. foreign
tax credits. Because the laws and regulations governing U.S. foreign tax credits are complex and subject to periodic legislative amendment,
we cannot be sure that we would in fact be able to take advantage of any foreign tax credits in the future. 

24 

Our
business operations are conducted in multiple languages and could be disrupted due to miscommunications or translation errors. 

The
success of our business depends in part on our marketing efforts in the United States and various countries in East Asia and Latin America,
each of which is conducted in the local language. Additionally, our operations often require that complex contracts, communications and
technical information be accurately translated into foreign languages. Miscommunications or inaccurate foreign language translations
could have a material adverse effect on our business operations and financial condition. 

Significant
additional labeling or warning requirements or limitations on the availability of our products may inhibit sales of affected products. 

Various
jurisdictions may seek to adopt significant additional product labeling (such as requiring labeling of products that contain genetically
modified organisms) or warning requirements or limitations on the availability of our products relating to the content or perceived adverse
health consequences of certain of our products. If these types of requirements become applicable to one or more of our major products
under current or future environmental or health laws or regulations, they may inhibit sales of such products. One such law, which is
in effect in California and is known as Proposition 65, requires that a warning appear on any product sold in California that contains
a substance that, in the view of the state, causes cancer or birth defects. The state maintains lists of these substances and periodically
adds other substances to these lists. Proposition 65 exposes all food and beverage producers to the possibility of having to provide
warnings on their products in California because it does not provide for any generally applicable quantitative threshold below which
the presence of a listed substance is exempt from the warning requirement. Consequently, the detection of even a trace amount of a listed
substance can subject an affected product to the requirement of a warning label. However, Proposition 65 does not require a warning if
the manufacturer of a product can demonstrate that the use of the product in question exposes consumers to a daily quantity of a listed
substance that is below a safe harbor threshold that may be established, is naturally occurring, is the result of necessary
cooking, or is subject to another applicable exception. While currently substances created by and inherent in the processes of roasting
coffee beans or brewing coffee have been determined by the State of California not to pose a significant risk, such chemicals could be
added to the Proposition 65 lists in the future. With respect to substances that have not yet been listed under Proposition 65, the Company
takes the position that listing is not scientifically justified. The State of California or other parties, however, may take a contrary
position. If we were required to add Proposition 65 warnings on the labels of one or more of our beverage products produced for sale
in California, the resulting consumer reaction to the warnings and possible adverse publicity could negatively affect our sales both
in California and in other marketplaces. 

Risks
Related to Ownership of our Common Stock 

The
market price of our stock may be volatile, and you could lose all or part of your investment. 

The
trading price of our common stock is likely to be highly volatile and subject to wide fluctuations in response to various factors, some
of which we cannot control. In addition to the factors discussed in this Risk Factors section and elsewhere in this Report,
these factors include but are not limited to: 

the
 success of, or developments in, competitive products, services or technologies; 

regulatory
 actions with respect to our products and our competitors; 

the
 level of success of our marketing strategy; 

our
 ability to obtain top-grade packing equipment for single serve coffee production, including from FUSO or any suitable alternative
 manufacturers; 

announcements
 by us or our competitors of significant acquisitions, strategic collaborations, joint ventures or capital commitments; 

regulatory
 or legal developments in the United States and other countries; 

recruitment
 or departure of key personnel; 

expenses
 related to any of our development programs and our business in general; 

actual
 or anticipated changes in financial estimates, development timelines or recommendations by securities analysts; 

failure
 to meet or exceed financial estimates and projections of the investment community or that we provide to the public; 

variations
 in our financial results or those of companies that are perceived to be similar to us; 

fluctuations
 in the valuation of companies perceived by investors to be comparable to us; 

25 

share
 price and volume fluctuations attributable to inconsistent trading volume levels of our shares; 

our
 ability or failure to raise additional capital in equity or debt transactions; 

costs
 associated with our sales and marketing initiatives; 

costs
 and timing of obtaining and maintaining FDA and other regulatory clearances and approvals for our products; 

sales
 of our common stock by us, our insiders or our other stockholders; and 

general
 economic, industry and market conditions. 

In
addition, the stock market in general has in the past experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations that have often been unrelated
or disproportionate to the operating performance of the relevant companies. Broad market and industry factors may negatively affect the
market price of our common stock, regardless of our actual operating performance. The realization of any of the above risks or any of
a broad range of other risks, including those described in this Risk Factors section, could have a dramatic and material
adverse impact on the market price of our common stock. 

Despite
our listing on the Nasdaq Capital Market, there can be no assurance that an active trading market for our common stock will be sustained. 

In
June 2020, our common stock commenced trading on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol NUZE. Although our common stock
is listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market, an active trading market for our shares may never be sustained. You may not be able to sell your
shares quickly or at the market price if trading in shares of our securities is not active. Further, an inactive market may also impair
our ability to raise capital by selling shares of our securities and may impair our ability to enter into strategic partnerships or acquire
companies or products by using shares of our securities as consideration, which could have a material adverse effect on our business,
financial condition, and results of operations. 

The
NASDAQ Capital Market may subsequently delist our common stock if we fail to comply with ongoing listing standards. 

The
NASDAQ Capital Market s rules for listed companies will require us to meet certain financial, public float, bid price and liquidity
standards on an ongoing basis in order to continue the listing of our common stock. In addition to specific listing and maintenance standards,
the Nasdaq Capital Market has broad discretionary authority over the continued listing of securities, which it could exercise with respect
to the listing of our common stock. 

As
a listed company, we are required to meet the continued listing requirements applicable to all NASDAQ Capital Market companies. If we
fail to meet those standards, as applied by NASDAQ in its discretion, our common stock may be subject to delisting. We intend to take
all commercially reasonable actions to maintain our NASDAQ listing. If our common stock is delisted in the future, it is not likely that
we will be able to list our common stock on another national securities exchange on a timely basis or at all and, as a result, we expect
our securities would be quoted on an over-the-counter market; however, if this were to occur, our stockholders could face significant
material adverse consequences, including limited availability of market quotations for our common stock and reduced liquidity for the
trading of our securities. In addition, in the event of such delisting, we could experience a decreased ability to issue additional securities
and obtain additional financing in the future. 

Our
stockholders will experience dilution if we issue additional equity securities in future financing transactions. 

If
we issue additional common stock, or securities convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable for common stock, our stockholders may
experience additional dilution, and any such issuances may result in downward pressure on the price of our common stock. Further, investors
purchasing shares or other securities in the future could have rights superior to existing stockholders. 

26 

A
significant portion of our total outstanding shares of common stock are eligible to be sold into the market in the near future, including
pursuant to Rule 144, which could cause the market price of our common stock to drop significantly, even if our business is doing well. 

Sales
of a substantial number of shares of our common stock in the public market could occur at any time. These sales, or the perception in
the market that the holders of a large number of shares intend to sell shares, could reduce the market price of our common stock. We
have also registered all shares of common stock that are reserved for issuance under the NuZee, Inc. 2019 Stock Incentive Plan and all
shares of common stock currently reserved for issuance under the NuZee, Inc. 2013 Stock Incentive Plan. As a result, these shares can
be freely sold in the public market upon issuance, subject to volume limitations applicable to affiliates and the lock-up agreements
described in our filings with the SEC. A sale under Rule 144 or under any other exemption from the Securities Act, if available, or pursuant
to subsequent registrations of our shares of common stock, may have a depressive effect upon the price of our shares of common stock
in any active market that may develop. We believe that a significant portion of our total outstanding shares of common stock may be sold
in the public market without restriction by non-affiliates pursuant to Rule 144. 

Our
principal stockholder and management, including our Chief Executive Officer in particular, own a significant percentage of our stock
and will be able to exert significant control over matters subject to stockholder approval. 

As
of December 8, 2021, our executive officers and directors beneficially owned approximately 34 of our voting stock. Our Chief Executive
Officer, President and Chairman of the Board of Directors individually beneficially owns approximately 28 of our voting stock. This
concentration of control creates a number of risks. Our executive officers and directors, along with other holders of 5 or more of our
capital stock and their respective affiliates, have the ability to exert significant influence over us through this ownership position.
These stockholders may be able to exert significant influence over all matters requiring stockholder approval, including with respect
to elections of directors, amendments of our organizational documents, or approval of any merger, sale of assets or other major corporate
transaction, and our stockholders may find it difficult to replace members of management should our stockholders disagree with the manner
in which the Company is operated. Furthermore, this concentration of ownership may prevent or discourage unsolicited acquisition proposals
or offers for our common stock that you may feel are in your best interest as one of our stockholders. The interests of this group of
stockholders may not always coincide with your interests or the interests of other stockholders and they may act in a manner that advances
their best interests and not necessarily those of other stockholders. 

We
incur significant costs as a result of operating as a public company, and our management must devote substantial time to compliance initiatives
as a result of the listing of our common stock on the Nasdaq Capital Market. 

As
a listed company, we are required to meet the continued listing requirements applicable to all NASDAQ Capital Market companies. We expect
our ongoing compliance with such rules and regulations to substantially increase our legal and financial compliance costs and to make
some activities more time-consuming and costly. These requirements may divert the attention of our management and personnel from other
business concerns, and they could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. The
increased costs will decrease our net income or increase our net loss, and may require us to reduce costs in other areas of our business
or increase the prices of our products or services. For example, these rules and regulations may make it more difficult and more expensive
for us to obtain director and officer liability insurance and we may be required to incur substantial costs to maintain the same or similar
coverage. We cannot accurately predict or estimate the amount or timing of additional costs we may incur to respond to these requirements.
The impact of these requirements could also make it more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified persons to serve on our Board,
our Board committees or as executive officers. 

We
expect to incur significant costs and devote substantial management time to maintaining our disclosure controls and procedures and internal
control over financial reporting, and regardless we may be unable to prevent or detect all errors or acts of fraud or to accurately and
timely report our financial results or file our periodic reports in a timely manner. 

As
a publicly traded company, our management is required to report annually on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial
reporting pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, or Section 404. The rules governing the standards that must be met for our
management to assess our internal control over financial reporting are complex and require significant documentation, testing and possible
remediation. 

27 

We
designed our disclosure controls and procedures to reasonably assure that information we must disclose in reports we file or submit under
the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to management, and recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods
specified in the rules and forms of the SEC. We believe that any disclosure controls and procedures or internal controls and procedures,
no matter how well-conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system
are met. 

These
inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty, and that breakdowns can occur because of
simple error or mistake. Additionally, controls can be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more
people or by an unauthorized override of the controls. 

Because
of the inherent limitations in our control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. We cannot assure
you that the measures we have taken will be effective in mitigating or preventing significant deficiencies or material weaknesses in
our internal control over financial reporting in the future. 

If
we fail to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting to meet the demands that are placed upon us as a public company,
including the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, we may be unable to accurately report our financial results, or to report them
within the timeframes required by law or exchange regulations. 

Additionally,
we have engaged only a very limited number of accounting and finance personnel and we rely in part on outside consultants. We may need
to incur additional expenses to hire additional personnel with public company financial reporting expertise to build our financial management
and reporting infrastructure, and further develop and document our accounting policies and financial reporting procedures. In the event
we need to hire additional personnel with public company financial reporting expertise but we are unable to do so, we may not be able
to accurately report our financial results or file our periodic reports in a timely manner, which may cause investors to lose confidence
in our reported financial information and may lead to a decline in our stock price. 

If
we are unable to maintain an effective system of internal control over financial reporting, we may not be able to accurately report our
financial results, timely file our periodic reports, maintain our reporting status or prevent fraud. 

Under
standards established by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board, a material weakness is a deficiency, or combination of deficiencies,
in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or
interim financial statements will not be prevented, detected or corrected on a timely basis. 

If
material weaknesses or significant deficiencies in our internal control over financial reporting are discovered or occur in the future,
then there exists a risk that our consolidated financial statements may contain material misstatements that are unknown to us at that
time, and such misstatements could require us to restate our financial results. The existence of a material weakness in our internal
control over financial reporting may result in current and potential stockholders losing confidence in our financial reporting, which
could negatively impact the market price of our common stock. 

In
addition, the existence of any material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting may affect our ability to timely
file periodic reports under the Exchange Act and may consequently result in the SEC revoking the registration of our common stock, or
the delisting of our common stock. Any of these events, if they were to occur, could have a material adverse effect on the market price
of our common stock or on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Anti-takeover
provisions in our articles of incorporation and second amended and restated bylaws might discourage, delay or prevent a change of control
of our company or changes in our management and, therefore, depress the trading price of our securities. 

Our
articles of incorporation and second amended and restated bylaws contain provisions that could have the effect of rendering more difficult
or discouraging an acquisition deemed undesirable by our Board. Our corporate governance documents include provisions: 

authorizing
 blank check preferred stock, which could be issued with voting, liquidation, dividend and other rights superior to our common stock; 

28 

limiting
 the liability of, and providing indemnification to, our directors, including provisions that require the Company to advance payment
 for defending pending or threatened claims; 

controlling
 the procedures for the conduct and scheduling of board and stockholder meetings; and 

limiting
 the number of directors on our board and the filling of vacancies or newly created seats on the board to our Board then in office. 

These
provisions, alone or together, could delay hostile takeovers and changes in control or changes in our management. The existence of the
foregoing provisions could limit the price that investors might be willing to pay in the future for shares of our common stock. They
could also deter potential acquirers of our company, thereby reducing the likelihood that our stockholders could receive a premium for
their common stock in an acquisition. 

We
have never paid dividends on our capital stock and we do not anticipate paying any dividends in the foreseeable future. Consequently,
any profits from an investment in our common stock will depend on whether the price of our common stock increases. 

We
have not paid dividends on any of our classes of capital stock to date and we currently intend to retain our future earnings, if any,
to fund the development and growth of our business. As a result, capital appreciation, if any, of our common stock will be our stockholders 
sole source of gain for the foreseeable future. 

Claims
for indemnification by our directors and officers may reduce our available funds to satisfy successful third-party claims against us
and may reduce the amount of money available to us. 

Our
articles of incorporation and second amended and restated bylaws provide that we will indemnify our directors and officers, in each case
to the fullest extent permitted by Nevada law. In addition, our articles of incorporation and second amended and restated bylaws and
our indemnification agreements that we have entered into with our directors and officers provide for the following: 

We
 will indemnify our directors and officers for serving us in those capacities or for serving other business enterprises at our request,
 to the fullest extent permitted by Nevada law. Nevada law provides that a corporation may indemnify such person if such person acted
 in good faith and in a manner such person reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the registrant and,
 with respect to any criminal proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe such person s conduct was unlawful. 

We
 will also indemnify employees and agents in those circumstances where indemnification is permitted by applicable law. 

We
 are required to advance expenses, as incurred, to any indemnitee in connection with defending a proceeding, except that such indemnitee
 shall undertake to repay such advances if it is ultimately determined that such person is not entitled to indemnification. 

The
 rights conferred in our articles of incorporation and second amended and restated bylaws are not exclusive, and we are authorized
 to enter into indemnification agreements with our directors, officers, employees and agents and to obtain insurance to indemnify
 such persons. 

General
Risk Factors 

Product
safety and quality concerns could negatively affect our business. 

Our
success depends in part on our ability to maintain consumer confidence in the safety and quality of all of our products. While we are
committed to the safety and quality of our products, we may not achieve our product safety and quality standards. Product safety or quality
issues, or mislabeling, actual or perceived, or allegations of product contamination or quality or safety issues, even when false or
unfounded, could subject us to product liability and consumer claims, negative publicity, a loss of consumer confidence and trust, may
require us from time to time to conduct costly recalls from some or all of the channels in which the affected product was distributed,
could damage the goodwill associated with our brands, and may cause consumers to choose other products. Such issues could result in the
destruction of product inventory and lost sales due to the unavailability of product for a period of time, which could cause our business
to suffer and affect our results of operations. 

29 

If
equity research analysts do not publish research or reports about our business or if they issue unfavorable commentary or downgrade our
common stock, the price of our common stock could decline. 

The
trading market for our common stock will rely in part on the research and reports that equity research analysts publish about us and
our business. We do not control these analysts. The price of our common stock could decline if one or more equity analysts downgrade
our common stock or if analysts issue other unfavorable commentary or cease publishing reports about us or our business. 

We
may be subject to securities litigation, which is expensive and could divert management attention. 

The
market price of our common stock may be volatile, and in the past, companies that have experienced volatility in the market price of
their stock have been subject to securities litigation, including but not limited to securities class action litigation. We may be the
target of this type of litigation in the future. Securities litigation against us could result in substantial costs and divert our management s
attention from other business concerns, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition. 

If
we are unable to protect our information systems against service interruption or failure, misappropriation of data or breaches of security,
our operations could be disrupted, we could be subject to costly government enforcement actions and private litigation and our reputation
may be damaged. 

Our
businesses involve the collection, storage and transmission of personal, financial or other information that is entrusted to us by our
customers and employees. Our information systems also contain the Company s proprietary and other confidential information related
to our businesses. Despite the implementation of network security measures, our systems and those of third parties on which we rely may
also be susceptible to damage, disruptions or shutdowns due to failures during the process of upgrading or replacing software, databases
or components; power outages; telecommunications or system failures; server or cloud provider breaches; computer viruses; physical or
electronic break-ins; cyber-attacks; catastrophic events; or breaches due to employee error or malfeasance or other attempts to harm
our systems. Cybersecurity threats and incidents can range from uncoordinated individual attempts to gain unauthorized access to information
technology networks and systems to more sophisticated and targeted measures, known as advanced persistent threats, directed at the Company,
its products, its customers and/or its third-party service providers. Because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access, disable
or degrade service, or sabotage systems change frequently and often are not recognized until launched against a target, we may be unable
to anticipate these techniques or to implement adequate preventative measures in time. We could also experience a loss of critical data
and delays or interruptions in our ability to manage inventories or process transactions. Some of our commercial partners, such as those
that help us deliver our website, may receive or store information provided by us or our users through our websites. If these third parties
fail to adopt or adhere to adequate information security practices, or fail to comply with our online policies, or in the event of a
breach of their networks, our users data may be improperly accessed, used or disclosed. 

If
our systems are harmed or fail to function properly, we may need to expend significant financial resources to repair or replace systems
or to otherwise protect against security breaches or to address problems caused by breaches. If we experience a significant security
breach or fail to detect and appropriately respond to a significant security breach, we could be exposed to costly legal or regulatory
actions against us in connection with such incidents, which could result in orders or consent decrees forcing us to modify our business
practices. Any incidents involving unauthorized access to or improper use of user information, or incidents that are a violation of our
online privacy policy, could harm our brand reputation and diminish our competitive position. Any of these events could have a material
and adverse effect on our business, reputation or financial results. Our insurance policies carry coverage limits, which may not be adequate
to reimburse us for losses caused by security breaches. 

Changes
in regulatory standards could adversely affect our business. 

Our
business is subject to extensive domestic and international regulatory requirements regarding distribution, production, labeling and
marketing. Changes to regulation of the beverage industry could include increased limitations on advertising and promotional activities
or other non-tariff measures that could adversely impact our business. In addition, we face government regulations pertaining to the
health and safety of our employees and our consumers as well as regulations addressing the impact of our business on the environment,
domestically as well as internationally. Compliance with these health, safety and environmental regulations may require us to alter our
manufacturing processes and our sourcing. Such actions could adversely impact our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition,
and our inability to effectively and timely comply with such regulations could adversely impact our competitive position. 

30 

Employment
litigation and unfavorable publicity could negatively affect our future business. 

Employees
may, from time to time, bring lawsuits against us regarding injury, creation of a hostile work place, discrimination, wage and hour,
sexual harassment and other employment issues. In recent years there has been an increase in the number of discrimination and harassment
claims generally. Coupled with the expansion of social media platforms and similar devices that allow individuals access to a broad audience,
these claims have had a significant negative impact on some businesses. Companies that have faced employment or harassment related lawsuits
have had to terminate management or other key personnel and have suffered reputational harm that has negatively impacted their sales.
If we were to face any employment related claims, our business could be negatively affected. 

Future
changes in financial accounting standards or practices may cause adverse unexpected financial reporting fluctuations and affect reported
results of operations. 

A
change in accounting standards or practices can have a significant effect on our reported results and may even affect our reporting of
transactions completed before the change is effective. New accounting pronouncements and varying interpretations of accounting pronouncements
have occurred and may occur in the future. Changes to existing rules or the questioning of current practices may adversely affect our
reported financial results or the way we conduct business. 

Currently
pending, threatened or future litigation or governmental or regulatory proceedings or inquiries could result in material adverse consequences,
including judgments or settlements. 

We
are, or may from time to time become, involved in lawsuits and other legal, governmental or regulatory proceedings or inquiries. See
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings included in this Annual Report for information regarding currently pending litigation that could
have a material impact on the Company. Many of these matters raise complicated factual and legal issues and are subject to uncertainties
and complexities, all of which make the matters costly to address. The timing of the final resolutions to any such lawsuits, inquiries,
and other legal proceedings is uncertain. 

Additionally,
the possible outcomes or resolutions to these matters could include adverse judgments or settlements, either of which could require substantial
payments, adversely affecting our consolidated financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Any judgment against us, the
entry into any settlement agreement, or the imposition of any fine could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial
condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

Future
acquisitions of and investments in new businesses could impact our business and financial condition. 

From
time to time, we may acquire or invest in businesses or partnerships that we believe could complement our business. The pursuit of such
acquisitions or investments may divert the attention of management and cause us to incur various expenses, regardless of whether the
acquisition or investment is ultimately completed. In addition, acquisitions and investments may not perform as expected and we may be
unable to realize the expected benefits, synergies, or developments that we may initially anticipate. Further, if we are able to successfully
identify and acquire additional businesses, we may not be able to successfully integrate the acquired personnel or operations, or effectively
manage the combined business following the acquisition, any of which could harm our business and financial condition. 

In
addition, to the extent we finance any acquisition or investment in cash, it would reduce our cash reserves, and to the extent the purchase
price is paid with shares of our common or preferred stock, it could be dilutive to our current stockholders. 

ITEM
1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

Not
applicable. 

31 

ITEM
2. PROPERTIES 

Our
principal executive office is located at 1401 Capital Avenue, Suite B, Plano, Texas 75074. The Plano location also serves as a manufacturing
facility. We lease the Plano facility on an annual basis, at a cost of 3,500 per month. We lease another manufacturing facility at 2865
Scott Street, Suites 105-107 Vista, California 92081. We lease the Vista manufacturing facility on an annual basis at a cost of 8,173
per month through January 31, 2022. Subsequent to September 30, 2021, the Company entered into a one-year extension of its leased facility
in Vista, California. The lease has a monthly lease expense of 8,451, plus common area expenses, and expires on January 31, 2023. We
have a manufacturing and sales office in Seoul, Korea, which is leased through June 2022 at a cost of 2,490 per month. The Company also
entered into a lease agreement for a new manufacturing facility in Korea with a lease term of two years from the date of taking physical
possession, which is anticipated in January of 2022. The Company is required to make a lease deposit of approximately 68,000 and the
monthly lease expense is approximately 6,800. Our manufacturing facilities currently have the annual capacity to produce up to 300 million
single serve coffee products (pour over or tea bag style). We have analyzed our current facilities considering our anticipated requirements,
and we believe there is a need to optimize our manufacturing facilities to meet our future needs. We have entered into a new lease in
Korea for a larger facility, as further discussed above, and are searching for a more optimal facility in the United States. 

ITEM
3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

On November 23, 2021,
Next Vision, Inc. (the Consultant filed a complaint against the Company in the Superior Court of California, County
of San Diego Central Division (Case No. 37-2021-00049557-CU-BC-CTL). The Complaint alleges that the Company s delay in issuing
shares of the Company s common stock (the Shares to the Consultant after receiving due notice from the
Consultant of its intent to exercise vested stock options to acquire 70,000 shares of the Company s common stock, as initially
granted in 2018 (or, as adjusted to account for the Company s reverse stock split effected on November 12, 2019, vested stock
options to acquire 23,334 shares of the Company s common stock) (the Options ), which had previously been issued
to the Consultant as compensation for consulting services provided in 2018, breached express and implied contractual obligations to
the Consultant and resulted in the Company reporting an overstated amount of income on the IRS Form 1099-B that was issued to the
Consultant for U.S. federal tax purposes. In addition, the Complaint alleges that the 23,334 Shares issued to the Consultant upon
exercise of the Options improperly contained a six-month restriction on resale and that such restriction prevented the Consultant
from selling the Shares at the desired time. The Complaint seeks equitable relief requiring the Company to issue an IRS Form
1099-NEC to reflect the correct amount of compensation. The Complaint also seeks compensatory damages, including to recover for
alleged lost profits due to the alleged improper six-month restriction on resale for the Shares, as well as punitive damages, costs
of suit, attorney s fees and interest. 

We believe the allegations set forth in the Complaint are without merit and intend to defend vigorously against the allegations.
However, the Company is not able to predict the outcome, and there is no assurance that the Company will be successful in its defense. 

As
previously disclosed, on June 27, 2019, Steeped, Inc. d/b/a Steeped Coffee (the Plaintiff filed a complaint (the Steeped
Complaint against the Company in the United States District Court for the Northern District of California (the District
Court ), alleging that the Company s promotion of certain coffee products and services during a trade show in 2019 constituted
an infringement upon the Plaintiff s registered trademark. The Steeped Complaint sought an injunction against the continued use
of the Plaintiff s trademarks, as well as actual and punitive damages. In May 2021, the Company entered into a settlement agreement
with the Plaintiff, pursuant to which the Company denied the allegations in the Steeped Complaint, denied any liability arising therefrom,
and agreed to pay 35,000 to resolve all claims asserted by the Plaintiff. As a result, a Joint Stipulation and Order for Dismissal was
filed with the District Court on May 21, 2021, and the Order of the Court dismissing the case was entered on the same day. 

From
time to time, we may be subject to other legal proceedings and claims in the ordinary course of business. The results of any future litigation
cannot be predicted with certainty, and regardless of the outcome, litigation can have an adverse impact on us because of defense and
settlement costs, diversion of management resources, and other factors. 

ITEM
4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

None. 

32 

PART
II 

ITEM
5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Our
common stock is listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol NUZE. As of December 8, 2021, there were approximately
278 holders of record of our common stock. The actual number of stockholders is greater than this number of record holders, and includes
stockholders who are beneficial owners, but whose shares are held in street name by brokers and other nominees. 

Dividends 

We
have not paid dividends on any of our classes of capital stock to date and do not anticipate paying any cash dividends on shares of our
common stock in the foreseeable future. We currently intend to retain all of our future earnings, if any, to fund the development and
growth of our business. Any future determination relating to our dividend policy will be made at the discretion of our Board of Directors
and will depend on a number of factors, including future earnings, capital requirements, financial conditions, future prospects, contractual
restrictions and covenants and other factors that our Board of Directors may deem relevant. 

ITEM
6. [RESERVED] 

33 

ITEM
7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The
following discussion provides information which management believes is relevant to an assessment and understanding of our results of
operations and financial condition. The discussion should be read along with our financial statements and notes thereto included elsewhere
in this Report. Except for historical information contained herein, the following discussion contains forward-looking statements which
are subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our actual results to differ materially from those
expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. We discuss such risks, uncertainties and other factors throughout this Report
and specifically under Item 1A of Part I of this Report, Risk Factors. For additional discussion, see CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING
FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS above. 

Corporate
Overview 

Our
Company 

We
are a specialty coffee company and, we believe, a leading co-packer of single serve pour over coffee in the United States, as well as
a preeminent co-packer of tea-bag style coffee. Our mission is to leverage our position as a co-packer at the forefront of the North
American single serve coffee market to revolutionize the way single serve coffee is enjoyed in the United States. While the United States
is our core market, we also have manufacturing and sales operations in Korea and a joint venture in Latin America. 

We
believe we are the only commercial-scale producer that has the dual capacity to pack both single serve pour over coffee and tea-bag style
coffee within the North American market. We intend to leverage our position to be the commercial manufacturer of choice for major companies
seeking to enter the single serve pour over and tea-bag style coffee markets in North America. We target existing high-margin companies
and are paid per-package based on the number of single serve coffee products produced by us. Accordingly, we consider our business model
to be a form of tolling arrangement, as we receive a fee for almost every single serve coffee product our co-packing customers sell in
the North American and Korean markets. While we financially benefit from the success of our co-packing customers through the sales of
their respective single serve pour over and tea-bag style coffee products, we are also able to avoid the risks associated with owning
and managing the product and its related inventory. We have also developed and sell NuZee branded single serve coffee products, including
our flagship Coffee Blenders line of both single serve pour over coffee and tea-bag style coffee, which we believe offers consumers some
of the best coffee available in a single serve application in the world. 

We
may also consider co-packaging other products that are complementary to our current product offerings and provide us with a deeper access
to our customers. In addition, we are continually exploring potential strategic partnerships, co-ventures, and mergers, acquisitions,
or other transactions with existing and future business partners to generate additional business, reduce manufacturing costs, expand
into new markets, and further penetrate the markets in which we currently operate. 

For
additional details regarding our business, see the discussion under Business in Item 1 of Part I of this Report, which is incorporated
by reference into this Part II, Item 7 of this Report. 

Our
sources of revenue 

Co-packing 

We
operate as a third-party contract packager for the finished goods of other major companies operating in the coffee beverage industry.
Under these arrangements, our co-packing customers typically supply us with roasted, whole bean coffee that we produce and package into
single serve pour over and tea-bag style coffee products according to their formulations and specifications. In addition, under our private
label coffee development program, our team works directly with our co-packing customers in developing private labels of signature coffees.
Under this program, our team of coffee experts works extensively with our co-packing customers to develop a coffee taste profile to their
unique needs and then we source, roast (utilizing our third-party roasting partners), blend, pack (in either our single serve pour over
or tea-bag style coffee products), and package single serve coffee products to their exact specifications. 

34 

We
currently focus on fostering co-packing arrangements with larger companies developing pour over and tea-bag style coffee products. We
believe that as our potential co-packing customers continue to realize that we have the experience co-packing for a variety of customer
sizes, we will become the co-packer of choice. The standards required to co-pack for large international companies almost always meet
or exceed the standards required to co-pack for any other customer. We also believe that as our co-packing customers competitors
realize they have a single serve pour over and tea-bag style coffee solutions, they will be more motivated to develop their own such
solutions and that will lead to increased co-packing opportunities for us. 

In
addition to larger companies, we package for smaller companies that have significant growth potential. For example, we started packaging
for a particular smaller company in July 2017 and continue to do so today. This company started with smaller batch, single product SKUs
but over the years has meaningfully increased order sizes as well as the number of SKUs. We are continually looking for new and innovative
companies with whom we may work and grow. 

As
previously announced, we expect to manufacture certain Cuv e Coffee Cuv e single serve filter bag products
that Cuv e plans to sell in a nationally recognized retail chain. Pursuant to our co-packing arrangement with Cuv e, we
currently, and plan to continue to, manufacture single serve filter bag products according to their formulations and specifications on
a purchase order basis. For a discussion of certain risks related to our co-packing arrangements, including our co-packing arrangement
with Cuv e, see Item 1A. Risk Factors herein. 

NuZee
branded products 

Although
our primary focus is on the manufacture of single serve pour over coffee products pursuant to co-packing arrangements, we have also developed
high-quality NuZee branded single serve coffee products that are sold directly to consumers. In addition to being available for direct
sale to consumers, our NuZee branded products serve as samples that are provided to potential new co-packing customers to showcase our
co-packing capabilities and production expertise. In this regard, our NuZee branded products are a stepping-stone product
for our co-packing customers that market high quality packaging and coffee. Sales of our NuZee branded products, including through Amazon,
also help promote consumer adoption into the format and to educate coffee drinkers in the United States about this coffee format that
is new to North America but widely known in East Asia. 

Impact
of the COVID-19 Pandemic 

The
ongoing COVID-19 global and national health emergency has caused significant disruption in the international and United States economies
and financial markets. In the fiscal years ended September 30, 2021, and September 30, 2020, as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic and
responses to the outbreak, certain of our customers slowed or delayed purchases of our co-packing services or pour over coffee products,
and we also believe that potential sales of our pour over coffee products to new or potential customers in the hospitality industry were
adversely impacted. In addition, we have experienced delays in the submission and approval of custom artwork and packaging as well as
the shipment to us of coffee for co-packing. We do not believe, however, that these delays had a significant effect on our business or
results of operations to date, and in some cases we have been able to mitigate these adverse effects in part by sourcing coffee and other
supplies from alternative suppliers in the United States. The COVID-19 crisis may have an adverse impact on our business and financial
results going forward that we are not currently able to fully determine or quantify. The COVID-19 crisis may adversely affect the ability
of our customers to pay for goods delivered on a timely basis, or at all. Any increase in the amount or deterioration in the collectability
of accounts receivable will adversely affect our cash flows and results of operations, requiring an increased level of working capital.
See Item 1A of Part I of this Report for further discussion of risk factors related to COVID-19. 

Geographic
Concentration 

Our
operations are primarily split between two geographic areas: North America and Asia. 

35 

For
the fiscal year ended September 30, 2021, net revenues attributable to our operations in North America totaled 1,441,274, compared to
 1,025,151 of net revenues attributable to our operations in North America during the fiscal year ended September 30, 2020. Additionally,
as of September 30, 2021, 535,966 of our Property and equipment, net was attributable to our North American operations, compared
to 1,422,575 attributable to our North American operations as of September 30, 2020. In March 2021, the Company wrote off 840,391 of
assets in North America as these assets were deemed to be no longer useful for the Company s current business operations at that
time. 93,375 of the impairment was related to the ROU asset and 747,016 was to property and equipment. This write off
is included in operating expenses on our consolidated statement of operations for the year ended September 30, 2021. These assets are
co-packing equipment that have limited capabilities compared with other equipment the Company is currently utilizing. Since we have yet
to utilize this equipment since it was delivered, we have determined their usefulness to our future operations is limited. 

For
the fiscal year ended September 30, 2021, net revenues attributable to our operations in Asia totaled 485,386 compared to 377,980 of
net revenues attributable to our operations in Asia during the fiscal year ended September 30, 2020. Additionally, as of September 30,
2021, 156,058 of our Property and equipment, net was attributable to our Asian operations, compared to 245,773 attributable to our
Asian operations as of September 30, 2020. 

Results
of Operations 

Comparison
of Years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020 

Revenue 

Year ended September 30, 
 Change 

2021 
 2020 
 Dollars 

Revenue 
 1,926,660 
 1,403,131 
 523,529 
 37 

For
the year ended September 30, 2021, revenues increased by 523,529, or approximately 37 , compared with the year ended September 30, 2020.
This increase was primarily related to increased co-packing revenues in North America and Korea partially offset by the impact from the
sale of NuZee JP to EHCL on September 28, 2020, as the results for the year ended September 30, 2020 include revenues from NuZee JP while
the results for the year ended September 30, 2021 do not. 

The
year-over-year growth in revenues described above was driven primarily by increased co-packing revenues. In the third and
fourth quarters of fiscal year 2021, we expanded our U.S. sales and support operations by adding, among others, a new Chief Sales Officer
 Chief Supply Chain Officer, a new Chief Marketing Officer, a new Vice President of Business Development, and a new Vice President
of Sales, North and West Coast, which has resulted in increased orders and increased co-packing opportunities for current and potential
new co-packing customers. We expect this co-packing revenue growth trend to continue throughout fiscal year 2022 as a result of our expanded
sales and marketing team, as well as from additional co-packing revenues that we expect to be generated from new or potential co-packing
arrangements. We expect the revenue growth trend in fiscal year 2022 to be materially similar to our revenue growth in fiscal year 2021. 

Cost
of sales and gross margin 

Year ended 
 September 30, 
 Change 

2021 
 2020 
 Dollars 

Cost of sales 
 2,006,753 
 1,642,084 
 364,669 
 22 
 
 Gross loss 
 (80,093 
 (238,953 
 158,860 
 (66 
 
 Gross margin 
 (4 
 (17 

36 

For
the year ended September 30, 2021, we had a total gross loss of 80,093 from sales of our products, compared to a total gross loss of
 238,953 for the year ended September 30, 2020. The gross margin rate was (4 for the year ended September 30, 2021, and (17 for the year ended September 30, 2020. This increase in margin was driven by greater scale in our manufacturing operations due to increased
production during 2021 versus 2020. In the year ended September 30, 2020, the Company incurred increased costs as it continued to scale
up its co-packing operations as well as a loss incurred on the close-out of certain inventory items for a particular customer. 

Operating
Expenses 

Year ended September 30, 
 Change 

2021 
 2020 
 Dollars 

Operating Expenses 
 18,559,277 
 9,094,132 
 9,465,145 
 104 

For
the year ended September 30, 2021, our Company s operating expenses totaled 18,559,277, compared to 9,094,132 for the year ended
September 30, 2020, representing a 9,465,145 increase. This increase is primarily attributable to an increase in stock compensation
expense and employee compensation costs associated with greater staffing levels, professional services related to fund raising and website
development costs which were expensed. In addition, as further described above (see Geographic Concentration ), in
the year ended September 30, 2021, the Company wrote off 840,391 of assets in North America as these assets were deemed to be no longer
useful for the current business operations. 

Net
Loss 

Year ended September 30, 
 Change 

2021 
 2020 
 Dollars 

Net Loss attributable to NuZee, Inc. 
 18,552,030 
 9,477,091 
 9,074,939 
 96 

For
the year ended September 30, 2021, we generated net losses attributable to NuZee, Inc. of 18,552,030 versus 9,477,091 for the year
ended September 30, 2020. This change is primarily attributable to an increase in stock compensation expense, employee costs, professional
services and website development costs offset by an increase in our gross margin due to increased production. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

Since
our inception in 2011, we have incurred significant losses, and as of September 30, 2021, we had an accumulated deficit of approximately
 52.8 million. We have not yet achieved profitability and anticipate that we will continue to incur significant sales and marketing expenses
prior to recording sufficient revenue from our operations to offset these expenses. In the United States, we expect to incur additional
losses as a result of the costs associated with operating as an exchange-listed public company in the future. We are unable to predict
the extent of any future losses or when we will become profitable, if at all. 

To
date, we have funded our operations primarily with proceeds from the registered public offerings and private placements of shares of
our common stock. Our principal use of cash is to fund our operations, which includes the commercialization of our single serve coffee
products, the continuation of efforts to improve our products, administrative support of our operations and other working capital requirements. 

As
of September 30, 2021, we had a cash balance of 10,815,954. We believe that our cash and cash equivalents will be sufficient to fund
our planned operations and capital expenditure requirements for at least 12 months from December 22, 2021. This evaluation is based on
relevant conditions and events that are currently known or reasonably knowable. As a result, we could deplete our available capital resources
sooner than we currently expect, and a reduction in consumer demand for, or revenues from the sale of, our single serve coffee products
could further constrain our cash resources. We have based these estimates on assumptions that may prove to be wrong, and our operating
projections, including our projected revenues from sales of our single serve coffee products, may change as a result of many factors
currently unknown to us. 

37 

In
the future, we expect to receive additional funds upon the exercise for cash of outstanding warrants, if and when exercised at the election
of the warrant holders, including the Warrants (as defined below) that were sold by us in March 2021 in an underwritten registered public
offering. Subsequent to September 30, 2021, we issued 379,197 shares of common stock upon exercise of 379,197 Series A Warrants (as defined
below) and issued 4,000 shares of common stock upon exercise of 8,000 Series B Warrants (as defined below). In connection with such exercises,
in the first quarter of fiscal year 2022, we received aggregate gross proceeds of 1,729,787. For additional information regarding the
Series A Warrants and Series B Warrants, see Summary of Cash Flows Financing Activities and Notes 6 and 7
to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

In
the long-term, we expect we will need to raise additional funds to support our operating activities, and such funding may not be available
to us on acceptable terms, or at all. Our need to raise funds will depend on a number of factors, including our ability to generate a
sufficient amount of revenues from the sale of our single serve coffee products to fund our business operations and the timing and amount
of funds received upon the exercise for cash of outstanding warrants by the warrant holders. If we are unable to raise additional funds
when needed, our operations and ability to execute our business strategy could be adversely affected. Until we can generate a sufficient
amount of revenue, we may seek to raise additional funds through equity, equity-linked or debt financings. If we raise additional funds
through the incurrence of indebtedness, such indebtedness would have rights that are senior to holders of our equity securities and could
contain covenants that restrict our operations. Any additional equity financing may be dilutive to our stockholders. 

Our
significant contractual cash requirements as of September 30, 2021 primarily include payments for operating and finance lease liabilities
and principal and interest on loans. Our current and long-term obligations related to these items are outlined in the leases portion
of Note 2, Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, and Note 3, Loans, of the Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements within this Form 10-K. Additionally, we may incur purchase obligations in the ordinary course of business that are enforceable
and legally binding and enter into enforceable agreements to purchase goods or services that specify all significant terms, including
fixed or minimum quantities to be purchased and fixed or estimated prices to be paid at the time of settlement. As of September 30, 2021,
we had payments for lease and loan obligations of approximately 533,301, of which 222,382 are payable within 12 months as of September
30, 2021. We had no purchase obligations as of September 30, 2021. 

Summary
of Cash Flows 

Year Ended September 30, 

2021 
 2020 
 
 Cash used in operating activities 
 (7,107,155 
 (4,236,256 
 
 Cash used in investing activities 
 (115,361 
 (6,696 
 
 Cash provided by financing activities 
 13,632,263 
 7,250,477 
 
 Effect of foreign exchange on cash 
 7,662 
 64,980 
 
 Net increase in cash 
 6,417,409 
 3,072,505 

Operating
Activities 

We
used 7,107,155 and 4,236,256 cash in operating activities during the years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively, principally
to fund our operating loss. The increase in cash used in operating activities of 2,870,899 was primarily attributable to an overall
increase in operating expenses for the year ended September 30, 2021, as compared to the year ended September 30, 2020. 

38 

Investing
Activities 

We
used 115,361, versus used 6,696 of cash in investing activities during the years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The
change in investing cash flow over this period was primarily due to no sales of equipment in 2021 as compared to 2020 in which
we had proceeds from sales of equipment. 

Financing
Activities 

Historically,
we have funded our operations through the issuance of our common stock. 

Cash
provided from financing activities increased from 7,250,477 for the year ended September 30, 2020, to 13,632,263 for the year ended
September 30, 2021. 

During
the fiscal year ended September 30, 2021, we sold (i) 72,955 shares of common stock to one investor in a registered public offering for
aggregate net proceeds of 534,494 pursuant to a Common Stock Purchase Agreement dated as of October 26, 2020 and a prospectus supplement
to the Company s effective shelf registration statement on Form S-3 (Registration No. 333-248531) (the Registration Statement ),
and (ii) 256,338 shares of common stock at 9.14 per share for aggregate net proceeds of 2,149,486 pursuant to Securities Act registration
exemptions under Regulation S and/or Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. In addition, during the fiscal year ended September 30, 2021,
we sold pursuant to an Underwriting Agreement dated as of March 19, 2021 and a prospectus supplement to the Registration Statement (i)
2,777,777 units Units in an underwritten registered public offering for aggregate net proceeds of 11,017,304 which includes
the proceeds from the underwriter s full exercise of their overallotment option with respect to the warrant component of the Units,
with each Unit consisting of (a) one share of our common stock, (b) one Series A warrant (each, a Series A Warrant and
collectively, the Series A Warrants to purchase one share of our common stock with an initial exercise price of 4.50
per whole share, and (c) one Series B warrant (each, a Series B Warrant and collectively, the Series B Warrants 
and together with the Series A Warrants, the Warrants to purchase one-half share of our common stock with an initial exercise
price of 5.85 per whole share, and (ii) 416,666 Series A Warrants and 416,666 Series B Warrants, each pursuant to the underwriter s
full exercise of their overallotment option with respect to such warrants. The Warrant holders are obligated to pay the exercise price
in cash upon exercise of the Warrants unless we fail to maintain a current prospectus relating to the common stock issuable upon the
exercise of the Warrants (in which case, the Warrants may only be exercised via a cashless exercise provision). 

During
the year ended September 30, 2020, we sold (i) 111,738 shares of common stock at a weighted average net price of 17.25 per share, for
an aggregate net proceeds of 1,927,338 pursuant to private offerings of common stock, (ii) 805,000 shares of common stock at a price
of 9.00 per share for aggregate net proceeds of 5,427,640, after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and offering expenses
payable by us (including 225,089 of offering expenses paid in the year ended September 30, 2019), pursuant to our underwritten public
offering of common stock and the related underwriting agreement dated June 18, 2020. 

Termination
of ATM Agreement 

On
March 11, 2021, we terminated our At Market Issuance Sales Agreement, dated September 1, 2020 (the ATM Agreement ), with
B. Riley Securities, Inc. (f/k/a/ B. Riley FBR, Inc.) and The Benchmark Company, LLC (collectively, the Agents ), pursuant
to which we could from time to time offer and sell up to an aggregate of 50.0 million of shares of our common stock through the Agents
in at-the-market-offerings , as defined in Rule 415 under the Securities Act. We did not sell any shares of common stock
under the ATM Agreement. The Company s consolidated statement of cash flows for the year ended September 30, 2021 includes stock
issuance expenses of 477,605 in connection with the terminated ATM Agreement. 

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements 

We
have no off-balance sheet arrangements that may have a current or future material effect on our financial condition, revenues or expenses,
results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources. 

39 

Critical
Accounting Policies and Estimates 

Our
discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based upon our financial statements that have been prepared
in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America US GAAP ). As discussed in
Note 2, Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies footnote of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements,
the preparation of financial statements in conformity with US GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect
the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. US GAAP
provides the framework from which to make these estimates, assumption and disclosures. We choose accounting policies within US GAAP that
management believes are appropriate to accurately and fairly report our operating results and financial position in a consistent manner.
Management regularly assesses these policies in light of current and forecasted economic conditions. See the Note 2, Basis of Presentation
and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for a summary of our accounting
policies. While there are a number of significant accounting policies affecting our financial statements, we believe the following critical
accounting policies involve the most complex, difficult and subjective estimates and judgments: 

Revenue
Recognition 

We
determine revenue recognition through the following steps in accordance with FASB Accounting Standards Update No. 2014-09 (Topic 606)
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers , which we adopted as of October 1, 2018 on a modified retrospective basis: 

identification
 of the contract, or contracts, with a customer; 

identification
 of the performance obligations in the contract; 

determination
 of the transaction price; 

allocation
 of the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract; and 

recognition
 of revenue when, or as, we satisfy a performance obligation. 

Revenue
is recognized when control of the promised goods or services are transferred to our customers, in an amount that reflects the consideration
we expect to be entitled to in exchange for those goods or services. 

Cost
of Sales 

The
Company records the cost of the materials used in creating the good as well as direct labor cost used to produce the good. The Company
also includes write-offs for all past due and unsellable inventories as well as loss on inventory due to obsolescence in cost of sales. 

Inventories 

Inventories
are stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value. Cost is being measured using the weighted average cost method. We regularly
review whether the realizable value of our inventory is lower than its book value. If our valuation shows that the realizable value is
lower than book value, we take a charge to expense and directly reduce the value of the inventory. 

The
Company estimates its reserves for inventory obsolescence by examining its inventories on a quarterly basis to determine if there are
indicators that the carrying values exceed net realizable value. Indicators that could result in additional inventory write downs include
age of inventory, damaged inventory, slow moving products and products at the end of their life cycles. While management believes that
the reserve for obsolete inventory is adequate, significant judgment is involved in determining the adequacy of this reserve. 

Stock-based
Compensation 

We
account for share-based awards issued to employees in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) 718, Compensation-Stock
Compensation . Accordingly, employee share-based payment compensation is measured at the grant date, based on the fair value of
the award, and is recognized as an expense over the requisite service period, which is normally the vesting period. Share-based compensation
to directors is treated in the same manner as share-based compensation to employees, regardless of whether the directors are also employees.
In June 2018, the FASB issued ASU 2018-07 which simplifies several aspects of the accounting for non-employee transactions by stipulating
that the existing accounting guidance for share-based payments to employees (accounted for under ASC Topic 718, Compensation-Stock
Compensation will also apply to non-employee share-based transactions (accounted for under ASC Topic 505, Equity ).
The Company implemented ASU 2018-07 on October 1, 2019 and the impact of the implementation is not material to the financial statements.
We estimate the fair value of share-based payments using the Black Scholes option-pricing model for common stock options and warrants
and the closing price of our common stock for common share issuances. We recognized forfeitures as they occurred. 

Recent
Accounting Pronouncements 

Recent
accounting pronouncements which may be applicable to us are described in Note 2 to the Consolidated Financial Statements included as
part of this Report. 

40 

ITEM
7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

We
are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information under this
item. 

ITEM
8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

Our
Consolidated Financial Statements and The Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm required by this item are included
in this Report on pages F-1 through F-24 and are incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM
9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

There
have been no disagreements with our Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm on any matter of accounting principles or financial
disclosures. 

ITEM
9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

a. 
 Evaluation
 on Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure
controls and procedures are controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by our
Company is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the SEC, and that
such information is collected and communicated to management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate,
to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer are responsible for
establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures for our Company. In designing and evaluating our disclosure controls
and procedures, management recognizes that no matter how well conceived and operated, disclosure controls and procedures can provide
only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the disclosure controls and procedures are met. 

Our
management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness
of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) as of the end of the
period covered by this Report (the Evaluation Date ). Based upon that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief
Financial Officer concluded that, as of the Evaluation Date, our disclosure controls and procedures are effective, at the reasonable
assurance level, to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act
(i) is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC rules and forms and (ii) is accumulated
and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely
decisions regarding required disclosure. 

b . 
 Management s report on internal control over financial
reporting 

Our
management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate
internal control over financial reporting as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f). Our internal control system was designed
to provide reasonable assurance to our management and board of directors regarding the preparation and fair presentation of published
financial statements. Our management assessed the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of
the end of the period covered by this Report based on the criteria for effective internal control described Internal Control-Integrated
Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organization of the Treadway Commission (COSO). Based on this assessment, our
management has concluded the Company s internal controls over the financial reporting are effective. 

As
we are a non-accelerated filer, our independent registered public accounting firm is not required to issue an attestation report on our
internal control over financial reporting. 

CHANGES
IN INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING 

There
have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2021
that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM
9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 

ITEM
9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 

Not
applicable. 

41 

PART
III 

ITEM
10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE. 

The
information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to the definitive Proxy Statement to be filed pursuant to Regulation
14A of the Exchange Act for our 2022 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. Within 120 days after the close of our fiscal year, we intend to
file with the SEC the information required by this Item. 

ITEM
11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION. 

The
information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to the definitive Proxy Statement to be filed pursuant to Regulation
14A of the Exchange Act for our 2022 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. Within 120 days after the close of our fiscal year, we intend to
file with the SEC the information required by this Item. 

ITEM
12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS. 

The
information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to the definitive Proxy Statement to be filed pursuant to Regulation
14A of the Exchange Act for our 2022 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. Within 120 days after the close of our fiscal year, we intend to
file with the SEC the information required by this Item. 

ITEM
13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

The
information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to the definitive Proxy Statement to be filed pursuant to Regulation
14A of the Exchange Act for our 2022 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. Within 120 days after the close of our fiscal year, we intend to
file with the SEC the information required by this Item. 

ITEM
14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 

The
information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to the definitive Proxy Statement to be filed pursuant to Regulation
14A of the Exchange Act for our 2022 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. Within 120 days after the close of our fiscal year, we intend to
file with the SEC the information required by this Item. 

42 

PART
IV 

ITEM
15. EXHIBIT AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

(a) 
 The
 following documents are filed as part of this Report: 

(1) 
 The
 following consolidated financial statements of the Company are incorporated by reference in Part II, Item 8 See Index to Consolidated
 Financial Statements 

(2) 
 All
 financial statement schedules have been omitted because they are not applicable or not required or because the information is included
 elsewhere in the financial statements or the Notes thereto. 

(3) 
 See
 exhibits listed under Part (b) below. 

(b) 
 Exhibits:

Exhibit
 No. 
 
 Description 

3.1 
 
 Articles of Incorporation of the Company, dated July 15, 2011 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on September 6, 2011, SEC File Number 333-176684) 
 
 3.2 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation of the Company, dated May 6, 2013 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.01(b) to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 25, 2013, SEC File Number 333-176684) 
 
 3.3 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation of the Company, dated October 28, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 28, 2019, SEC File Number 000-55157) 
 
 3.4 
 
 Second Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Company, dated April 22, 2016 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 28, 2016, SEC File Number 000-55157) 
 
 4.1 
 
 Description of Securities (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on December 28, 2020, SEC File Number 001-39338). 
 
 4.2 
 
 Form of Underwriter s Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed on May 14, 2020, SEC File Number 333-234643) 
 
 4.3 
 
 Series A Warrant Agent Agreement (including the terms of the Series A Warrant) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 23, 2021, SEC File Number 001-39338). 
 
 4.4 
 
 Series B Warrant Agent Agreement (including the terms of the Series B Warrant) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 23, 2021, SEC File Number 001-39338). 
 
 10.1 
 
 Executive Employment Agreement dated August 17, 2019, by and between NuZee, Inc. and Masateru Higashida (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on November 12, 2019, SEC File Number 333-234643) 
 
 10.2 
 
 Employment Agreement dated February 1, 2016, by and between NuZee, Inc. and Travis Gorney (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on November 12, 2019, SEC File Number 333-234643) 
 
 10.3 
 
 Employment Agreement dated March 31, 2019, by and between NuZee, Inc. and Shanoop Kothari (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on November 12, 2019, SEC File Number 333-234643) 
 
 10.4 
 
 NuZee, Inc. 2013 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on November 12, 2019, SEC File Number 333-234643) 
 
 10.5 
 
 NuZee, Inc. 2019 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on November 12, 2019, SEC File Number 333-234643) 

43 

10.6 
 
 Multi-Tenant Industrial Triple Net Lease, dated May 9, 2019 by and between Nuzee, Inc. and Icon Owner Pool I Texas LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed on March 10, 2020, SEC File Number 333-234643) 
 
 10.7 
 
 Joint Venture Agreement with respect to NuZee Latin America, S.A. de C.V., dated January 9, 2020, by and between Industrias Marino, S.A. de C.V., and NuZee, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed on March 10, 2020, SEC File Number 333-234643) 

10.8 
 
 Form of Stock Option Agreement (2013 Stock Incentive Plan) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on December 28, 2020, SEC File Number 001-39338). 
 
 10.9 
 
 Form of Stock Option Agreement (2019 Stock Incentive Plan) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on December 28, 2020, SEC File Number 001-39338). 
 
 10.10 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement under the NuZee, Inc. 2019 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 15, 2021, SEC File Number 001-39338). 
 
 10.11 
 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 17, 2021, SEC File Number 001-39338). 
 
 10.12 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated July 2, 2021, by and between NuZee, Inc. and Patrick Shearer (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 7, 2021, SEC File Number 001-39338). 
 
 10.13 
 
 Severance Agreement and General Release, dated July 2, 2021, by and between NuZee, Inc. and Shanoop Kothari (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 7, 2021, SEC File Number 001-39338). 
 
 10.14 
 
 Form of Stock Option Agreement under the NuZee, Inc. 2019 Stock Incentive Plan (Performance-Based) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 7, 2021, SEC File Number 001-39338). 
 
 10.15 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated May 7, 2021 by and between NuZee, Inc. and Jose Ramirez. 
 
 21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries of NuZee, Inc. 
 
 23.1 
 
 Consent of MaloneBailey, LLP, independent registered public accounting firm 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Instance Document the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded
 within the inline XBRL document. 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 104 
 
 Cover
 Page Interactive Data File (formatted in Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

Filed or furnished herewith. 

Indicates management contract or compensatory plan. 

ITEM
16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 

None. 

44 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, the registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
thereunto duly authorized on December 22, 2021. 

NuZee,
 Inc. 

By: 
 /s/
 Masateru Higashida 

Name: 
 Masateru
 Higashida 

Title: 
 Chief
 Executive Officer and President 

(Principal
 Executive Officer), Secretary, Treasurer, and Director 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/
 Masateru Higashida 

December
 22, 2021 
 
 Masateru
 Higashida 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer and President (Principal Executive Officer), Secretary, Treasurer, and Director 

/s/
 Patrick Shearer 

December
 22, 2021 
 
 Patrick
 Shearer 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

/s/
 Kevin J. Conner 

December
 22, 2021 
 
 Kevin
 J. Conner 
 
 Director 

/s/
 Tracy Ging 

December
 22, 2021 
 
 Tracy
 Ging 
 
 Director 

/s/
 J. Chris Jones 

December
 22, 2021 
 
 J.
 Chris Jones 
 
 Director 

/s/
 Nobuki Kurita 

December
 22, 2021 
 
 Nobuki
 Kurita 
 
 Director 

/s/
 David G. Robson 

December
 22, 2021 
 
 David
 G. Robson 
 
 Director 

45 

NUZEE,
INC. 

Index
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 Contents 

Page 
 
 Consolidated
 Financial Statements 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 F-2 
 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 F-3 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 F-4 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 F-5 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity 
 F-6 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 F-7 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-8 

F- 1 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Shareholders and Board of Directors of 

 NuZee,
Inc. 

 Plano,
Texas 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of NuZee, Inc. and its subsidiaries (collectively, the Company as of September 30, 2021 and 2020, and the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income (loss),
changes in stockholders equity, and cash flows for the years then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the
 financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial
position of the Company as of September 30, 2021 and 2020, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for
the years then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal
securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error
or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits
provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matters 

Critical audit matters are matters arising from
the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and
that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging,
subjective, or complex judgments. We determined that there are no critical audit matters. 

/s/
MaloneBailey, LLP 

 www.malonebailey.com 

 We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2013. 

 Houston,
Texas 

 December
21, 2021 

F- 2 

NuZee,
Inc. 

 CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS 

September 30, 2021 
 September 30, 2020 
 
 ASSETS 

Current assets: 

Cash 

Accounts receivable, net 

Inventories, net 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Total current assets 

Property and equipment, net 

Other assets: 

Right-of-use asset - operating lease 

Right-of-use asset - finance lease 
 - 

Investment 

Other assets 

Total other assets 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Current portion of long-term loan payable 

Current portion of lease liability - operating lease 

Current portion of lease liability - finance lease 

Accrued expenses 

Deferred income 

Other current liabilities 

Total current liabilities 

Non-current liabilities: 

Lease liability - operating lease, net of current portion 

Lease liability - finance lease, net of current portion 

Loan payable - long term, net of current portion 

Other noncurrent liabilities 

Total non current liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Stockholders equity: 

Common stock; shares authorized, par value; and shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively 

Additional paid in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Accumulated other comprehensive income 

Total stockholders equity 

Total liabilities and stockholders equity 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements 

F- 3 

NuZee,
Inc. 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

Year Ended September 30, 2021 
 Year Ended September 30, 2020 
 
 Revenues, net 

Cost of sales 

Gross loss 

Operating expenses 

Loss from operations 

Other income 

Income (loss) from equity method investment 

Other expense 

Interest expense 

Net loss 

Net loss attributable to noncontrolling interest 
 - 

Net loss attributable to NuZee, Inc. 

Basic and diluted loss per common share 

Basic and diluted weighted average number of common stock outstanding 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements 

F- 4 

NuZee,
Inc. 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 

For the year ended September 30, 2021 and 2020 
 2021 
 2020 
 2021 
 2020 
 2021 
 2020 

Noncontrolling 

NuZee, Inc. 
 Interest 
 Total 
 
 For the years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020 
 2021 
 2020 
 2021 
 2020 
 2021 
 2020 
 
 Net loss 

- 

Foreign currency translation 

- 

Total other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax 

- 

Comprehensive loss 

- 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements 

F- 5 

NuZee,
Inc. 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Accumulated 

Additional 
 
 Other 

Common stock 
 paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Comprehensive 

Shares 
 Amount 
 capital 
 deficit 
 income (loss) 
 Total 

Balance September 30, 2020 

- 

Equity securities issued for cash 

- 
 - 

Common stock issued for compensation 

- 
 - 

Common stock issued for cash 

Common stock issued for cash, shares 

Stock option expense 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Exercise of stock options 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Other comprehensive gain / (loss) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Net loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance September 30, 2021 

- 

Accumulated 

Additional 

Other 

Common stock 
 paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Noncontrolling 
 comprehensive 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 deficit 
 interest 
 income (loss) 
 Total 

Balance September 30, 2019 

Common stock issued for cash 

- 
 - 
 - 

Stock option expense 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Exercise of stock options 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Other comprehensive gain / (loss) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Net loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 

Balance September 30, 2020 

- 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

NuZee,
Inc. 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For the Year Ended September 30, 2021 
 For the Year Ended September 30, 2020 

Operating activities: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used by operating activities: 

Depreciation and Amortization 

Noncash lease expense 

Loss on sale of assets 
 - 

Stock option expense 

Common stock issued for compensation 
 
 - 
 
 Allowance for doubtful accounts 
 - 

Property and equipment impairment 
 
 - 
 
 Inventory impairment 
 - 

Gain on disposal of a subsidiary 
 - 

Loss on realization of AOCI upon disposal of a subsidiary 
 - 

(Income) loss from equity method investment 

Write off of deferred financing costs 
 
 - 
 
 Change in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 

Inventories 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Other assets 

Accounts payable 

Deferred income 

Lease liability - operating lease 

Accrued expense and other current liabilities 

Other noncurrent liabilities 

Net cash used by operating activities 

Investing activities: 

Purchase of equipment 

Proceeds from sales of equipment 
 - 

Proceeds from sale of a subsidiary 
 - 

Net cash used by investing activities 

Financing activities: 

Proceeds from issuance of equity securities, net of issuance costs 

Payments of stock issuance costs 
 - 

Repayment of loans 

Repayment under finance lease 

Proceeds from the exercise of stock options 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Effect of foreign exchange on cash 

Net change in cash 

Cash, beginning of period 

Cash, end of period 

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: 

Cash paid for interest 

Cash paid for taxes 

Noncash investing and financing activities: 

Recognition of ROU asset and lease liability upon adoption of ASU 2016-02 
 - 

Recognition of ROU asset and lease liability during the period 
 - 

Reclassification of common stock offering costs to additional paid-in capital 
 - 

Finance lease of equipment to pay off accounts payable 
 - 

Contribution of machines to NuZee Latin America 
 - 

Stock issuance cost accrued 
 - 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements 

F- 7 

NuZee,
Inc. 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 September
30, 2021 

all of its equity interests in its former majority-owned
subsidiary, NuZee JAPAN Co., Ltd. NuZee JP ), representing of the outstanding equity interests of NuZee JP. 

The
Company has two wholly owned international subsidiaries in NuZee KOREA Ltd. NuZee KR and NuZee Investment Co., Ltd. NuZee
INV ). 

On
October 28, 2019, the Company completed a , which became effective on November 12, 2019. All share and per
share information included in these financial statements and notes thereto give effect to the reverse stock split. 

and ,
respectively, and comprised of stock options and warrants. The Company incurred a net loss for the years ended September 30, 2021 and
2020, respectively and therefore, basic and diluted earnings per share for those periods are the same because all potential common equivalent
shares would be antidilutive. 

and working capital of . However, the Company has not attained
profitable operations since inception. 

cash equivalents as of September 30, 2021 and 2020. 

allowance for doubtful accounts as of September
30, 2021 and September 30, 2020. 

For
the year ended September 30, 2020: 

Customer Name 
 Sales Amount 
 of Total Revenue 
 Accounts Receivable Amount 
 of Total Accounts Receivable 
 
 Customer K 

Customer JP 

Customer WP 

The
direct-leased property in Vista, California has a remaining lease term through January 2022. The leased property in Seoul, Korea has
an option to extend beyond the stated termination date, but exercise of this option is not probable. The sub-leased property in Vista,
California, is leased month-to-month and has been calculated as a ROU Asset co-terminus with the direct-leased property. 

-month sublease effective October 1, 2020 reducing our space and term in Plano, Texas. Accordingly,
this lease has been added to our right-of-use asset balance at September 30, 2020. This lease is for the Company s principal executive
office located at 1401 Capital Avenue, Suite B, Plano, Texas 75074. 

-month sublease ending January 31, 2022 which
is co-terminus with our direct lease in Vista. The month-to-month sublease was recognized as a right-of-use asset in our June 30, 2020
analysis. The terms of the -month lease are similar to the terms used to value the right-of-use asset at June 30, 2020. 

Amortization during the period 

ROU Asset September 30, 2021 

Lease Liability October 1, 2020 

Amortization during the period 

Lease Liability September 30, 2021 

Lease Liability Short-Term 

Lease Liability Long-Term 

Lease Liability Total 

The
table below reconciles the fixed component of the undiscounted cash flows for each of the first five years and the total remaining years
to the lease liabilities recorded on the Consolidated Balance Sheet as of September 30, 2021. 

2023 

2024 

2025 
 - 
 
 2026 
 - 
 
 Total Minimum Lease Payments 

Less Effect of Discounting 

Present Value of Future Minimum Lease Payments 

Less Current Portion of Operating Lease Obligations 

Long-Term Operating Lease Obligations 

On
October 9, 2019, the Company entered into a lease agreement with Alliance Funding Group which provided for a sale lease back on certain
packing equipment. The terms of this agreement require us to pay per month for the next months. As part of this agreement,
Alliance Funding Group provided our equipment supplier with for the purchase of this equipment. This transaction was accounted
for as a financing lease. As of September 30, 2021, our financing lease had a remaining lease term of years and a discount rate
of . The interest expense on finance lease liabilities for the year ended September 30, 2021 was . 

Amortization 

Impairment 

ROU asset-finance lease at September 30, 2021 
 - 

During
the year ended September 30, 2021, we recorded an impairment to fully write off the equipment as it was deemed no longer useful for our
operations. 

2023 

2024 

2025 
 - 
 
 2026 
 - 
 
 Total Minimum Lease Payments 

Amount representing interest 

Present Value of Minimum Lease Payments 

Current Portion of Finance Lease Obligations 

Finance Lease Obligations, Less Current Portion 

The
Company leases office space with terms ranging from month to month to months. Rent expense included in general and administrative
expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2021 and 2020 was and , respectively. 

Operating cash outflows from finance leases: 

Financing cash outflows from finance lease: 

In
September 2020, we subleased the space at 1700 Capital Avenue in Plano, Texas, effective October 1, 2020 under favorable terms that are
co-terminus with the original lease ending June 30, 2024. During the year ended September 30, 2021, we recognized sublease income of
 pursuant to the sublease included in Other income on our financial statements. Future minimum lease payments to be received under
that sublease as of September 30, 2021, for each of the fiscal years are as follows: 

2023 

2024 

Total Minimum Lease Payments to be Received 

of the outstanding voting shares of another entity is a condition pointing toward consolidation. 

NuZee
KR and NuZee INV are wholly owned subsidiaries of the Company. NuZee JP was owned by the Company but on September 28, 2020, the Company
sold the ownership. The results of NuZee JP have been consolidated until the disposal date. 

 and as of September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

Transaction
gains and losses that arise from exchange rate fluctuations on transactions denominated in a currency other than the functional currency
are included in the results of operations as incurred. Foreign currency transaction (gains) losses included in the consolidated statements
of operations totaled and for the years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

to interest in the voting securities of the investee company. Under the equity method of accounting, an investee company s
accounts are not reflected within the Company s consolidated balance sheets and consolidated statements of operations; however,
the Company s share of the earnings or losses of the Investee company is reflected in the caption Equity in loss
of unconsolidated affiliate in the consolidated statements of operations. The Company s carrying value in an equity
method investee company is reflected in the caption Investment in unconsolidated affiliate in the Company s
consolidated balance sheets. 

When
the Company s carrying value in an equity method investee company is reduced to zero, no further losses are recorded in the Company s
consolidated financial statements unless the Company guaranteed obligations of the investee company or has committed additional funding.
When the investee company subsequently reports income, the Company will not record its share of such income until it equals the amount
of its share of losses not previously recognized. 

On
January 9, 2020, a joint venture agreement was signed between Industrial Marino, S.A. de C.V. (50 and the Company forming NuZee
LATIN AMERICA, S.A. de C.V. NLA ). NLA was formed pursuant to the laws of Mexico, with corporate domicile in Mazatl n,
Mexico. As part of the capitalization of NLA, the Company contributed two co-packing machines to the joint venture. These machines had
an aggregate carrying cost of . The Company received in cash for this contribution and recorded an investment in NLA
of and a loss of on the contribution of the machines to NLA. 

The
Company accounts for NLA using the equity method of accounting since the management of day to day operations at NLA ultimately lies with
the Company s joint venture partner as the operations of NLA are based in its partners facilities as well as our partner appoints
the Chairman of the joint Board. As of September 30, 2021, the only activity in NLA was the contribution of two machines as described
above and other start up related activities. 
 of a loss and 
 of income 
was recognized under the equity method of accounting during the years ended September 30, 2021 and September 30, 2020
respectively. 

sales allowances for estimated chargebacks and returns, respectively.
Revenue recognized is net of sales allowances. 

and for the years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively. In some situations,
the Company covers shipping fees and the shipping and handling expenses are recorded under operating expenses in the consolidated statements
of operations. 

and . 

The
Prepaid expenses and other current assets balance of as of September 30, 2021 primarily consists of prepaid insurance and a
customer deposit and the balance of as of September 30, 2020, primarily consists of deferred financing costs. 

and respectively, reflected on the consolidated balance sheets is net of this adjustment. 

Finished goods 

Less - Inventory reserve 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total 

-year
life, furniture over a -year
life, and other equipment over a -year
life. Depreciation expense for the years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020 was and 
 respectively. Repair and maintenance costs are
expensed as incurred. Property and equipment as of
September 30, 2021 and 2020 consist of: 

Vehicles 

Leasehold Improvements 

Less - Accumulated Depreciation 

Net Property and Equipment 

The
Company is required to make deposits or prepayments and progress payments on equipment purchases before the Company receives possession
and title. As a result, the Company accounts for such payments as Other Assets until it has possession at which time the equipment is
recorded as Property and Equipment. There were 
 such deposits as of September 30, 2021
or September 30, 2020. 

of assets in North America as these assets were deemed to be
no longer useful for the current business operations. This write off is included in operating expenses on our consolidated statement
of operations for the year ended September 30, 2021. 

intangible assets as of September 30, 2021 or 2020. 

of being realized upon ultimate
settlement with the relevant tax authority. liability for unrecognized tax benefits was recorded
as of September 30, 2021 and 2020. 

and 
 as of September 30, 2021 and September 30, 2020,
respectively. 

.
The Company paid 
 as a down payment and financed 
 for 
 months at a rate of .
The loan is secured by the van. The outstanding balance on the loan at September 30, 2021 and 2020 amounted to 
 and ,
respectively. 

On
February 15, 2019 NuZee KR entered into equipment financing for production equipment with Shin Han Bank for .
In June 2019, NuZee KR purchased additional equipment and increased the loan with Shin Han Bank by .
The financing has a term of 
 months at a rate of .
Principal payments began in July 2019. The outstanding balance on this loan at September 30, 2021 and 2020 amounted to 
 and ,
respectively. 

2022 (January-September) 

Total Current Portion 

2022 (October-December) 
 
 - 

2023 
 
 - 

2024 
 
 - 

Total Long-Term Portion 
 
 - 

Grand Total 

of assets in North America as these assets were
deemed to be no longer useful for the current business operations. 
 of the impairment was related to the ROU
asset and 
 was related to property and equipment. This
write off is included in operating expenses on our consolidated statement of operations for the year ended September 30, 2021. These
assets are co-packing equipment that have limited capabilities compared with other equipment the Company is currently utilizing. Since
the Company has yet to utilize this equipment since it was delivered, the Company has determined their usefulness to its future operations
is limited. 

Japan 
 - 

South Korea 

Net Revenue 

September 30, 2021 
 September 30, 2020 
 
 Property and equipment, net: 

North America 

Japan 

South Korea 

Property and equipment,
 net 

. As our entire
ownership interest in NuZee JP was sold to EHCL on September 28, 2020, there was accounts receivable balance at September 30, 2020. 

For
the years ended September 30, 2021 and September 30, 2020, respectively, the Company sold 
 and 
 of materials to NLA. 

Rent 

During September 2016, The Company pays 
per month for the office and the warehouse on the last day of each month. The initial term of this agreement is and is renewed on a month to month basis after the initial term. As NuZee JP was sold to EHCL on September 28, 2020,
there was 
accounts payable balance at September 30, 2020 or September 30, 2021. Also, there was no related rent expense during the year ended September 30, 2021. 

During February 2015, The Company pays 
per month for the warehouse on the last day of each month. There is no set expiration date on the agreement. As NuZee JP was sold to
EHCL on September 28, 2020, there was no accounts payable balance at September 30, 2020 or September 30, 2021. Also, there was 
related rent expense during the year ended September 30, 2021. 

During
October 2016, 
 The Company paid 
 per month for the office on the last day of each
month on behalf of NuZee JP. As NuZee JP was sold to EHCL on September 28, 2020, there was no
 accounts receivable or accounts payable balance
at September 30, 2020 or September 30, 2021. Also, there was no related rent expense during the year ended September 30, 2021. 

Amounts
Due 

As
of September 30, 2021 and 2020, the Company had amounts due to NCL of 
 and ,
respectively, for funding provided to NuZee INV. 

shares of common stock at a weighted average net price of per
share, for an aggregate net proceeds of pursuant to private offerings of common stock and (ii) shares of common stock
at a price of per share for aggregate net proceeds of , after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and offering
expenses payable by us (including of offering expenses paid in the year ended September 30, 2019), pursuant to the Company s
underwritten public offering of common stock and the related underwriting agreement dated June 18, 2020. 

During
the year ended September 30, 2021, the Company sold (i) shares of common stock to Triton Funds LP in a registered public offering
for aggregate net proceeds of pursuant to a Common Stock Purchase Agreement dated as of October 26, 2020 and a prospectus supplement
to the Company s effective shelf registration statement on Form S-3 (Registration No. 333-248531), and (ii) shares of common
stock at per share for aggregate net proceeds of pursuant to Securities Act registration exemptions under Regulation
S and/or Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. In addition, as further described below, during the year ended September 30, 2021, the
Company sold pursuant to an Underwriting Agreement dated as of March 19, 2021 and a prospectus supplement to the Company s effective
shelf registration statement on Form S-3 (Registration No. 333-248531) (i) units Units in an underwritten registered
public offering for aggregate net proceeds of which includes the proceeds from the underwriter s full exercise of their
overallotment option with respect to the warrant component of the Units, as further described below, with each Unit consisting of (a)
one share of our common stock, (b) one Series A warrant (each, a Series A Warrant and collectively, the Series A
Warrants to purchase one share of our common stock with an initial exercise price of per whole share, and (c) one Series
B warrant (each, a Series B Warrant and collectively, the Series B Warrants and together with the Series
A Warrants, the Warrants to purchase one-half share of our common stock with an initial exercise price of per whole
share, and (ii) Series A Warrants and Series B Warrants, each pursuant to the underwriter s full exercise of their
overallotment option with respect to such warrants. 

On
March 11, 2021, we terminated our At Market Issuance Sales Agreement, dated September 1, 2020 (the ATM Agreement ), with
B. Riley Securities, Inc. (f/k/a/ B. Riley FBR, Inc.) and The Benchmark Company, LLC (collectively, the Agents ), pursuant
to which we could from time to time offer and sell up to an aggregate of million of shares of our common stock through the Agents
in at-the-market-offerings , as defined in Rule 415 under the Securities Act. We did not sell any shares of common stock
under the ATM Agreement. The Company s consolidated statement of cash flows for the year ended September 30, 2021 includes stock
issuance expenses of in connection with the terminated ATM Agreement. 

Preferred
stock 

The
Company had million shares of preferred stock authorized but not issued as of September 30, 2021 and September 20, 2020. 

Restricted
Shares 

On
January 11, 2021, the Compensation Committee (the Compensation Committee of the Company s Board of Directors granted
to Shanoop Kothari, who was serving at the time as both the Company s Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer, in connection
with the Committee s determination of Mr. Kothari s annual compensation, an award of restricted shares (the Restricted
Shares of the Company s common stock under the NuZee, Inc. 2019 Stock Incentive Plan. The Restricted Shares vest as follows:
(i) Restricted Shares vested immediately ; (ii) Restricted Shares vested on March 31, 2021; and (iii) Restricted Shares were originally scheduled
to vest on March 31, 2022 but were accelerated to vest on Mr. Kothari s separation date of August 16, 2021. The Company recognized
related common stock compensation expense of for the year ended September 30, 2021. 

Exercise
of options 

During
the year ended September 30, 2020, shares were issued upon the exercise of stock options. As part of this exercise, the Company
received in proceeds. During the year ended September 30, 2021, shares were issued upon the exercise of stock options,
and the Company received as part of this exercise. 

options to a consultant with and exercise price of per share. During August 2020, the Company
issued options to consultants for an average exercise price of per share. 

During
the fiscal year ended September 30, 2021, the Company issued 
 options at an average exercise price of ,
including issuing 
 options to independent contractors, 
 options to independent Board members and 
 options to employees. For independent contractors,
these options shall vest and become exercisable over a period of , with For
employees, 
 During the year ended September 30, 2021, the Company issued
a total of 
 Performance-Based Options, which represents the
maximum number of Performance-Based Options that may be earned if all performance milestones are achieved for the applicable performance
periods. 

The
exercise price for the options issued in the current year ranged from 
 - 
 per share. The options will expire from the grant date, unless terminated earlier
as provided by the option agreements. 

The
fair value of each option award was estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option valuation model using the assumptions
noted as follows: expected volatility was based on the volatility of Company stock. The expected term of options granted was determined
using either the contractual period or the simplified method under SAB 107 which represents the mid-point between the vesting term and
the contractual term. The risk-free rate is calculated using the U.S. Treasury yield curve, and is based on the expected term of the
option. 

None 
 
 Expected option life 
 
 None 
 
 Expected volatility 

None 
 
 Expected dividend yield 
 
 None 
 
 Exercise price 
 
 - 
 None 

For non-employees 
 September 30, 2021 
 September 30, 2020 
 
 Risk-free interest rate 

- 
 
 Expected option life 

Expected volatility 
 - 
 - 
 
 Expected dividend yield 

Exercise price 

- 

The
Company is expensing these stock option awards on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period. The Company recognized stock
option expense of and , respectively, for the years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020. Unamortized option expense
as of September 30, 2021, for all options outstanding amounted to approximately . These costs are expected to be recognized
over a weighted-average period of years. 

For
the year ended September 30, 2021, options were forfeited. options forfeited because of the termination of employment
and options forfeited because the performance conditions were not met. 

Granted 

Exercised 

Expired 

Forfeited 

Outstanding at September 30, 2021 

Exercisable at September 30, 2021 

The
following table summarizes stock option activity for the year ended September 30, 2020. 

Number
 of Shares 

Weighted
 Average Exercise Price 

Weighted
 Average Remaining Contractual Life (years) 

Aggregate
 Intrinsic Value 

Outstanding
 at September 30, 2019 

Granted 

Exercised 

() 

Expired 

Forfeited 

() 

Outstanding
 at September 30, 2020 

Exercisable
 at September 30, 2020 

Granted 

Exercised 

Forfeited 

Vested 

Nonvested options at September 30, 2020 

Granted 

Exercised 

Forfeited 

Vested 

Nonvested options at September 30, 2021 

Warrants 

On
June 23, 2020, as part of our agreement with Benchmark Company, LLC, the underwriter of the Company s June 2020 registered public
offering of common stock, we issued warrants to purchase our common stock at an exercise price of a share. These warrants
are exercisable on and expire on . 

On
March 19, 2021, we entered into an underwriting agreement in connection with our registered public offering (the Offering of units (the Units ), at a price to the public of per Unit, with each Unit consisting of (a) one share
of our common stock, (b) one Series A Warrant, and (c) one Series B Warrant, and (ii) 416,666 Series A Warrants and 416,666 Series B
Warrants, each pursuant to the underwriter s full exercise of their overallotment option with respect to such warrants. 

Each
Series A Warrant entitles the registered holder to purchase one share of our common stock at an exercise price of per share. Each
Series B Warrant entitles the registered holder thereof to purchase one-half of a share of our common stock at an exercise price of 
per whole share. These warrants have a term of years. 

The
Series A and Series B Warrant holders are obligated to pay the exercise price in cash upon exercise of the Warrants unless we fail to
maintain a current prospectus relating to the common stock issuable upon the exercise of the Warrants (in which case, the Warrants may
only be exercised via a cashless exercise provision). 

Issued 

Exercised 
 - 
 - 

Expired 
 - 
 - 

Outstanding at September 30, 2021 

- 
 
 Exercisable at September 30, 2021 

- 

Subsequent
to September 30, 2021, the Company issued shares of common stock upon the exercise of certain Series A Warrants and certain Series B
Warrants (see Note 11 Subsequent Events). 

valuation allowance has been recorded for deferred income tax assets. Cumulative net operating loss carry forward
is and as of September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively, and will begin expiring in 2033. The earliest tax year
which remains subject to examination is 2016. 

The
Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (the Act was enacted on December 22, 2017. The Act reduces the US federal corporate tax rate from
 to , requires companies to pay a one-time transition tax on earnings of certain foreign subsidiaries that were previously tax
deferred and creates new taxes on certain foreign sourced earnings. 

Valuation Allowance 

all of its equity interests in its former majority-owned subsidiary, NuZee JP, representing of
the outstanding equity interests of NuZee JP. 

The
gain from the deconsolidation of NuZee JP was and the realized loss of cumulated translation adjustment totaled . The
net loss from this transaction was presented as Other expense in Consolidated Statements of Operations. 

EHCL
is controlled by Mr. Katsuyoshi Eguchi, who previously served as the chief executive officer of NuZee JP and is also the beneficial owner
of more than five percent of the Company s common stock. 

shares of common stock upon exercise of Series A Warrants and issued 
shares of common stock upon exercise of Series B Warrants. In connection with such exercises, the Company received aggregate gross
proceeds of . See Notes 6 and 7 for additional information regarding the Series A Warrants and Series B Warrants. 

Lease
Extension in the United States and New Lease in Korea 

Subsequent
to September 30, 2021, the Company entered into a one-year extension of its leased facility in Vista, California. The lease has a monthly
lease expense of , plus common area expenses, and expires on . The Company also entered into a lease agreement
for a new manufacturing facility in Korea with a lease term of from the date of taking physical possession, which is anticipated
in January of 2022. The Company is required to make a lease deposit of approximately and the monthly lease expense is approximately
 . 

F- 24 

<EX-10.15>
 2
 ex10-15.htm

Exhibit 10.15 

EMPLOYMENT
AGREEMENT 

THIS
EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT Agreement is entered into as of May 7, 2021, by and between NuZee, Inc., a Nevada Corporation
 (the Company and Jose L. Ramirez Employee ). 

A.
WHEREAS, the Company is in the business of developing, manufacturing and marketing of high-end consumer coffee products; 

B.
WHEREAS, Employee represents he has the requisite training, experience, knowledge and expertise of a professional chief sales officer
and chief supply chain officer, thus enabling Employee to undertake the duties, authority and responsibilities as are consistent with
such positions; 

C.
WHEREAS, the Company now believes it is in the interest of the Company and its shareholders to engage Employee as Chief Sales Officer
and Chief Supply Chain Officer CSO ); 

NOW
THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual promises and covenants contained in this Agreement and such other good and valuable consideration,
the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties agree as follows: 

1.
 Recitations . The above recitations are true and correct and are incorporated herein by this reference. 

2.
 Employment . 

2.1.
 Position of Employment . The Company hereby employs Employee as the Chief Sales Officer and Chief Supply Chain Officer CSO ),
upon all of the terms and conditions hereinafter set forth. Employee shall have such duties, authority and responsibilities as shall
be determined from time to time by the CEO and/or President, which duties, authority and responsibilities are consistent with Employee s
position. Employee will operate out of Company s Vista, California offices. Employee will conduct his activities in accordance
with the high standards of the Company. All actions shall be subject and subordinate to review and approval of the Company s CEO
and/or President and Board of Directors, and in accordance with the terms and conditions as prescribed in the Employee Handbook, as may
be revised from time to time. Employees are encouraged to familiarize themselves with the Employee Handbook. 

2.2.
 Devotion of Time . During the term of Employee s employment, Employee shall devote his full, exclusive business time, ability
and attention to the business affairs of the Company and shall use his best efforts to perform faithfully and efficiently such responsibilities. 

3.
 Term of Employment . 

The
term of this Agreement shall begin effective May 10, 2021 (the Commencement Date and shall terminate upon the occurrence
of any one or more of the following events: 

3.1.
 Termination of Employment by the Company for Cause . The Company may terminate Employee s employment effective immediately,
if such termination is for Cause. For purposes of this Agreement, Cause shall include: 

(a)
death of Employee; 

(b)
a default or breach by Employee of any of the provisions of this Agreement; 

(c)
actions by Employee constituting fraud, embezzlement or dishonesty; 

(d)
furnishing false, misleading, or omissive information or omitting to furnish material information to the Company in the reasonable judgment
of the Company; 

(e)
any action which constitutes a breach of the confidentiality and/or trade secrets of the Company; 

(f)
the commission of an act by Employee involving moral turpitude; 

(g)
refusal to follow reasonable and lawful directives of the Company s CEO and/or President; or 

(h)
to the extent permitted by law, in the event of Employee s physical or mental disability that prevents him from performing his
job duties, with or without a reasonable accommodation, for a period of at least 90 consecutive days in any 12-month period or 120 non-consecutive
days in any 12-month period. 

Upon
termination for Cause, the Company shall not be liable for payment of any further compensation or incentive payment other than (i) accrued
but unpaid Base Salary and accrued but unused vacation through the effective date of such termination; (ii) reimbursement for any unreimbursed
business expenses properly incurred by Employee, which shall be subject to and paid in accordance with the Company s expense reimbursement
policy; and (iii) such employee benefits (including equity compensation), if any, to which Employee may be entitled under the Company s
employee benefit plans as of the termination date (collectively, Accrued Obligations ). Notwithstanding any termination
pursuant to this Section 3.1, the provisions of Sections 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13, and 14 of this Agreement shall remain in full force
and effect. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Employee shall be entitled to receive all appropriate benefits mandated by the Consolidated
Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985 COBRA ). 

3.2.
 Termination without Cause . Notwithstanding any other provision contained herein, Company may terminate this agreement and Employee s
employment hereunder without cause and in Company s sole and absolute discretion by giving Employee fourteen (14) days prior notice
thereof. 

Upon
termination without cause, the Company shall not be liable for payment of any further compensation or incentive payment other than Accrued
Obligations through and including the effective date of termination. Notwithstanding any termination pursuant to this Section 3.2, the
provisions of Sections 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13 and 14 of this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, Employee shall be entitled to receive all appropriate benefits mandated by COBRA. 

3.3.
 Termination by Employee . Employee may terminate this Agreement whether for good reason or no reason by giving thirty (30) days
written notice to the Company. Upon such termination, Employee shall only be entitled to Accrued Obligations through the effective date
of termination. Notwithstanding any termination herein, the provisions of Paragraphs 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13 and 14 shall remain in
full force and effect. 

4.
 Compensation and Benefits . 

Company
shall pay to Employee compensation during the term of this Agreement as determined by the CEO and/or President from time to time; which
compensation shall be initially as follows: 

4.1.
 Base Salary . Employee shall receive a starting base salary Base Salary of 225,000 per year payable semi-monthly
or in accordance with such other payment schedule as may be approved by the CEO and/or President; it being further understood that at
the election of the CEO and/or President, Employee s Base Salary (and other compensation, as may be applicable) may be revisited
in the discretion of the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors. 

4.2.
 Annual Bonus . At the end of each fiscal year, Employee will be eligible to receive a bonus computed on the basis of 1 of Company s
Adjusted Gross Sales during the preceding fiscal year (hereinafter Bonus ). To qualify for a Bonus, Employee must remain
continuously employed with the Company through the date that any Bonus is calculated and approved by the Compensation Committee of the
Board. Bonuses will be paid in the calendar year following the fiscal year for which it was applicable. For the avoidance of doubt, Adjusted
Gross Sales means the gross sales of products as invoiced by the Company or its affiliates, sub-licensees or its marketing partners to
third parties, less deductions for returns (including withdrawals and recalls), rebates or chargebacks, volume discounts granted at the
time of invoicing, sales taxes and other taxes directly linked and included in the gross sales amount for the countries concerned in
accordance with the Company s then current standard practices, whereby the amount of such sales in foreign currencies is converted
into US Dollars. 

4.3.
 Stock Option Grants . As part of the Company team, the Company strongly believes that ownership of the Company by its employees
is an important factor to its success. Therefore, as part of Employee s compensation, and subject to the approval of the Compensation
and Options Committee of the Company s Board of Directors, Employee will be granted the following options to purchase shares of
the Company s common stock (the Options ), which shall vest pursuant to the terms and conditions set forth below and
in the Company s equity incentive plan, as in effect from time to time: 

(a)
 Base Grant . Not later than May 10, 2021, Employee shall be granted Options to purchase 30,000 shares of the Company s common
stock with an exercise price equal to the fair market value at the time of grant. Such Options will be on the Company s customary
terms and conditions and, subject to Employee s continued employment, shall vest as follows: (a) 10,000 Options shall vest upon
the first anniversary of the Commencement Date of this Agreement; (b) 10,000 Options shall vest upon the second anniversary of the Commencement
Date of this Agreement; and (c) 10,000 Options shall vest upon the third anniversary of the Commencement Date of this Agreement. 

(b)
 Bonus Grant . Not later than May 10, 2021, Employee shall be granted Options to purchase 150,000 shares of the Company s
common stock with an exercise price equal to the fair market value at the time of grant. Such Options will be on the Company s
customary terms and conditions and, subject to Employee s continued employment, shall vest as follows: (a) 30,000 Options shall
vest upon the Company s achievement of 2.5 million in Adjusted Gross Sales from May 10, 2021 through September 30, 2021; (b) 20,000
Options shall vest upon the Company s achievement of 3.5 million in Adjusted Gross Sales in Fiscal Year 2022 (October 1, 2021
through September 30, 2022); (c) 20,000 options shall vest upon the Company s achievement of 7 million in Adjusted Gross Sales
in Fiscal Year 2022 (inclusive of the initial 3.5 million in Adjusted Gross Sales in Fiscal Year 2022); (d) 20,000 options shall vest
upon the Company s achievement of 5 million in Adjusted Gross Sales in Fiscal Year 2023 (October 1, 2022 through September 30,
2023); (e) 20,000 Options shall vest upon the Company s achievement of 10 million in Adjusted Gross Sales in Fiscal Year 2023
(inclusive of the initial 5 million in Adjusted Gross Sales in Fiscal Year 2023); (f) 20,000 Options shall vest upon the Company s
completion of 7.5 million in Adjusted Gross Sales in Fiscal Year 2024 (October 1, 2023 through September 30, 2024); and (g) 20,000 Options
shall vest upon the Company s completion of 15 million in Adjusted Gross Sales in Fiscal Year 2024 (inclusive of the initial 7.5
million in Adjusted Gross Sales in Fiscal Year 2024). 

At
Company s election, the foregoing Options may be subject to execution of an amendment to the Stock Option Agreement consistent
herewith. The Options will not be formalized until approved by the Compensation Committee of the Company s Board of Directors. 

4.4.
Employee shall accrue fifteen (15) days of vacation during each twelve (12) month period of employment, subject to the terms set forth
in the Company s vacation policy in NuZee, Inc. s Employee Handbook. 

4.5.
Commencing immediately following the date of Employee s actual employment, Employee shall be entitled to participate in any employee
health and profit-sharing plans made available to the employees of the Company by the Company. 

4.6.
Employee shall be entitled to receive reimbursement for any expenses made on behalf of Company, which expenditures must first have been
pre-approved in writing. Employee s pre-approved travel expenses and accommodations will be reimbursed or paid by Company. 

5.
 Vacation Policy. The purpose of the Company s vacation policy is to allow its employees to take periodic breaks from
work and is more fully described in the NuZee, Inc. Employee Handbook. 

6.
 Nonsolicitation . During the period of his employment by the Company and for a period of one (1) year after termination
of such employment (for any reason, whether voluntarily or involuntarily), Employee agrees that he will not directly or indirectly, whether
alone or for himself or for any other person, business, partnership, association, firm, company or corporation, call upon, solicit, divert
or take away or attempt to solicit, divert or take away, any of the employees of Company in existence at the time of the termination
of Employee s employment. 

7.
 Confidential Information . Employee understands and acknowledges that during the term of employment, Employee will have
access to and learn about Confidential Information, as defined below. 

7.1.
 Confidential Information Defined . 

(a)
 Definition . For purposes of this Agreement, Confidential Information includes, but is not limited to, all information
not generally known to the public, in spoken, printed, electronic or any other form or medium, relating directly or indirectly to: business
processes, practices, methods, policies, plans, publications, documents, research, operations, services, strategies, techniques, agreements,
contracts, terms of agreements, transactions, potential transactions, negotiations, pending negotiations, know-how, trade secrets, computer
programs, computer software, applications, operating systems, software design, web design, work-in-process, databases, device configurations,
embedded data, compilations, metadata, technologies, manuals, records, articles, systems, material, sources of material, supplier information,
vendor information, financial information, results, accounting information, accounting records, legal information, marketing information,
advertising information, pricing information, credit information, design information, payroll information, staffing information, personnel
information, employee lists, supplier lists, vendor lists, developments, reports, internal controls, security procedures, graphics, drawings,
sketches, market studies, sales information, revenue, costs, formulae, notes, communications, algorithms, product plans, designs, styles,
models, ideas, audiovisual programs, inventions, unpublished patent applications, original works of authorship, discoveries, experimental
processes, experimental results, specifications, customer information, customer lists, client information, client lists, manufacturing
information, factory lists, distributor lists, and buyer lists of the Company or its businesses or any existing or prospective customer,
supplier, investor or other associated third party or of any other person or entity that has entrusted information to the Company in
confidence. 

Employee
understands that the above list is not exhaustive, and that Confidential Information also includes other information that is marked or
otherwise identified as confidential or proprietary, or that would otherwise appear to a reasonable person to be confidential or proprietary
in the context and circumstances in which the information is known or used. 

Employee
understands and agrees that Confidential Information includes information developed by Employee in the course of employment by the Company
as if the Company furnished the same Confidential Information to Employee in the first instance. Confidential Information shall not include
information that is generally available to and known by the public at the time of disclosure to Employee; provided that, such disclosure
is through no direct or indirect fault of Employee or person(s) acting on Employee s behalf. 

(b)
 Company Creation and Use of Confidential Information . Employee understands and acknowledges that Company has invested, and continues
to invest, substantial time, money, and specialized knowledge into developing its resources, creating a customer base, generating customer
and potential customer lists, training its employees, and improving its offerings in the field of high-end consumer coffee products.
Employee understands and acknowledges that as a result of these efforts, the Company has created, and continues to use and create Confidential
Information. This Confidential Information provides the Company with a competitive advantage over others in the marketplace. 

(c)
 Disclosure and Use Restrictions . 

Employee
agrees and covenants: (i) to treat all Confidential Information as strictly confidential; (ii) not to directly or indirectly disclose,
publish, communicate, or make available Confidential Information, or allow it to be disclosed, published, communicated, or made available,
in whole or part, to any entity or person whatsoever (including other employees of the Company) not having a need to know and authority
to know and use the Confidential Information in connection with the business of the Company and, in any event, not to anyone outside
of the direct employ of the Company except as required in the performance of Employee s authorized employment duties to the Company
or with the prior consent of CEO and/or President acting on behalf of the Company in each instance (and then, such disclosure shall be
made only within the limits and to the extent of such duties or consent); and (iii) not to access or use any Confidential Information,
and not to copy any documents, records, files, media, or other resources containing any Confidential Information, or remove any such
documents, records, files, media, or other resources from the premises or control of the Company, except as required in the performance
of Employee s authorized employment duties to the Company. 

(d)
 Permitted Disclosures . Nothing herein shall be construed to prevent disclosure of Confidential Information as may be required
by applicable law or regulation, or pursuant to the valid order of a court of competent jurisdiction or an authorized government agency,
provided that the disclosure does not exceed the extent of disclosure required by such law, regulation, or order. 

(e)
 Notice of Immunity Under the Economic Espionage Act of 1996, as amended by the Defend Trade Secrets Act of 2016 DTSA .
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement: 

(I)
Employee will not be held criminally or civilly liable under any federal or state trade secret law for any disclosure of a trade secret
that: 

(i)
is made (1) in confidence to a federal, state, or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney; and (2)
solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law; or 

(ii)
is made in a complaint or other document filed under seal in a lawsuit or other proceeding. 

(f)
If Employee files a lawsuit for retaliation by the Company for reporting a suspected violation of law, Employee may disclose the Company s
trade secrets to Employee s attorney and use the trade secret information in the court proceeding if Employee: 

(I)
files any document containing trade secrets under seal; and 

(II)
does not disclose trade secrets, except pursuant to court order. 

8.
 Absence of Conflicting Agreements. Employee understands the Company does not desire to acquire from him any trade secrets,
know-how or confidential business information that he may have acquired from others. Accordingly, Employee represents and warrants that
he is free to divulge to Company, without any obligation to, or violation of any right of others, any and all information, practices
and techniques which he will use, describe, demonstrate or divulge or in any other manner make known to the Company during the course
of his employment. Employee represents that he is not bound by any agreement or any other existing or previous business relationship
which conflicts with or prevents the full performance of his duties and obligations to the Company during his course of employment by
Company. 

9.
 Remedies Upon Breach . Employee agrees that any breach of this Agreement by him could cause irreparable damage to Company
and that in the event of such breach, Company shall have, in addition to any and all remedies at law, the right to an injunction, specific
performance or other equitable relief to prevent any violation or threatened violation of Employee s obligations hereunder. 

10.
 No Employment Obligation . Employee understands that this Agreement does not create any obligation on the Company or any
other person to continue his employment. The Employee understands that the Employee is an employee subject to termination as set forth
in Paragraph 3 above. 

11.
 Business Opportunities . During the term of this Agreement Employee agrees to bring all business opportunities to the Company
relating to or otherwise associated with the business or businesses then conducted by the Company or any affiliate thereof, or business
or businesses proposed to be conducted by the Company or any such affiliate in the future. Employee further agrees not to pursue any
such business opportunity or opportunities for his own account or for the account of any third party irrespective of the Company s
decision to exploit or not to exploit any such business opportunity. 

12.
 Proprietary Rights . 

12.1.
Work Product . Employee acknowledges and agrees that
all right, title, and interest in and to all writings, works of authorship, technology, inventions, discoveries, processes, techniques,
methods, ideas, concepts, research, proposals, materials, and all other work product of any nature whatsoever, that are created, prepared,
produced, authored, edited, amended, conceived, or reduced to practice by Employee individually or jointly with others during the employment
term and relate in any way to the business or contemplated business, products, activities, research, or development of the Company or
result from any work performed by Employee for the Company (in each case, regardless of when or where prepared or whose equipment or
other resources is used in preparing the same), all rights and claims related to the foregoing, and all printed, physical and electronic
copies, and other tangible embodiments thereof (collectively, Work Product as well as any and all rights in and to US
and foreign (a) patents, patent disclosures and inventions (whether patentable or not), (b) trademarks, service marks, trade dress, trade
names, logos, corporate names, and domain names, and other similar designations of source or origin, together with the goodwill symbolized
by any of the foregoing, (c) copyrights and copyrightable works (including computer programs), mask works, and rights in data and databases,
(d) trade secrets, know-how, and other confidential information, and (e) all other intellectual property rights, in each case whether
registered or unregistered and including all registrations and applications for, and renewals and extensions of, such rights, all improvements
thereto and all similar or equivalent rights or forms of protection in any part of the world (collectively, Intellectual Property
Rights ), shall be the sole and exclusive property of the Company. 

For
purposes of this Agreement, Work Product includes, but is not limited to, Company information, including plans, publications, research,
strategies, techniques, agreements, documents, contracts, terms of agreements, negotiations, know-how, computer programs, computer applications,
software design, web design, work in process, databases, manuals, results, developments, reports, graphics, drawings, sketches, market
studies, formulae, notes, communications, algorithms, product plans, product designs, styles, models, audiovisual programs, inventions,
unpublished patent applications, original works of authorship, discoveries, experimental processes, experimental results, specifications,
customer information, client information, customer lists, client lists, manufacturing information, marketing information, advertising
information, and sales information. 

12.2.
 Work Made for Hire; Assignment . Employee acknowledges that,
by reason of being employed by the Company at the relevant times, to the extent permitted by law, all of the Work Product consisting
of copyrightable subject matter is work made for hire as defined in 17 U.S.C. 101 and such copyrights are therefore
owned by the Company. To the extent that the foregoing does not apply, Employee hereby irrevocably assigns to the Company, for no additional
consideration, Employee s entire right, title, and interest in and to all Work Product and Intellectual Property Rights therein,
including the right to sue, counterclaim, and recover for all past, present, and future infringement, misappropriation, or dilution thereof,
and all rights corresponding thereto throughout the world. Nothing contained in this Agreement shall be construed to reduce or limit
the Company s rights, title, or interest in any Work Product or Intellectual Property Rights so as to be less in any respect than
that the Company would have had in the absence of this Agreement. 

12.3.
Further Assurances; Power of Attorney . During and
after the employment term, the Employee agrees to reasonably cooperate with the Company to (a) apply for, obtain, perfect, and transfer
to the Company the Work Product as well as any and all Intellectual Property Rights in the Work Product in any jurisdiction in the world;
and (b) maintain, protect and enforce the same, including, without limitation, giving testimony and executing and delivering to the Company
any and all applications, oaths, declarations, affidavits, waivers, assignments, and other documents and instruments as shall be requested
by the Company. Employee hereby irrevocably grants the Company power of attorney to execute and deliver any such documents on Employee s
behalf in his name and to do all other lawfully permitted acts to transfer the Work Product to the Company and further the transfer,
prosecution, issuance, and maintenance of all Intellectual Property Rights therein, to the full extent permitted by law, if Employee
does not promptly cooperate with the Company s request (without limiting the rights the Company shall have in such circumstances
by operation of law). The power of attorney is coupled with an interest and shall not be affected by Employee s subsequent incapacity. 

12.4.
 No License . Employee understands that this Agreement does not,
and shall not be construed to, grant the Employee any license or right of any nature with respect to any Work Product or Intellectual
Property Rights or any Confidential Information, materials, software, or other tools made available to Employee by the Company. 

13.
 Appearance Release . Employee irrevocably agrees that the Company may interview tape and photograph Employee, and make audio
and visual recordings of his voice, conversation and sounds for use on and in connection with the Company, its Website(s), its business(es),
and the advertising and promotion thereof, and that Company shall be the exclusive owner of the results and proceeds of such taping,
photography and recording with the right, throughout the universe, in any media now known or hereafter devised, an unlimited number of
times in perpetuity, to copyright, to use and to license others to use, in any manner, all or any portion thereof or of a reproduction
thereof in connection the same or otherwise. Employee represents that any statements made by him during his appearance are true, to the
best of his knowledge, and that neither they nor his appearance will violate or infringe upon the rights of any third party. 

14.
 Compliance with Company Non-Disclosure Obligation . Employee hereby acknowledges that Company may hereafter be subject to
nondisclosure agreements with third persons pursuant to which Company must protect or refrain from the use of proprietary information
which is the property of such third persons. Employee hereby agrees upon the directive of the Company to be bound by the terms of such
agreements in the event he has access to the proprietary information protected thereunder to the same extent as if he were an original
individual signatory thereto. 

15.
 Severability . The invalidity of any one or more of the words, phrases, sentences, clauses, sections, subdivisions, subparagraphs,
paragraphs or articles contained in this Agreement shall not affect the enforceability of the remaining portions of this Agreement or
any part thereof, all of which are inserted conditionally on their being legally valid. In the event that one or more of the words, phrases,
sentences, clauses, sections, subdivisions, subparagraphs, paragraphs or articles are determined to be unenforceable and if such invalidity
shall be caused by the length of any period of time or the size of any area set forth in any part hereof, such period of time or such
area, or both, shall be considered to be reduced to a period or area which would cure such invalidity. 

16.
 Notice . Any notices or other communications to any party pursuant to or relating to this Agreement must be in writing and
shall be deemed to have been given or delivered when (a) hand-delivered, (b) mailed through the U.S. Postal Service via certified mail,
return receipt requested, postage prepaid, or (c) through a nationally recognized overnight courier, to the parties at their addresses
below: 

Company: 
 NuZee,
 Inc. 
 
 1401
 Capital Ave., Suite B 
 Plano, Texas 75074 
 
 Attention:
Masa Higashida, Chief Executive Officer 

with
 a copy to: 
 JR
Lanis Esq. 
 Polsinelli 
 One
East Washington, Suite 1200 
 Phoenix,
AZ 85004 

Employee: 
 Jose
L. Ramirez 
 [ ] 

or
such other address given by such party to the other party at any time hereafter. 

17.
 Entire Agreement . This Agreement contains the sole and entire agreement between the parties with respect to the subject
matter hereof and supersedes any and all other prior written or oral agreements between them as to such subject matter. 

18.
 Amendment . No amendment, waiver or modification of this Agreement or any provisions of this Agreement shall be valid unless
in writing and duly executed by both parties. 

19.
 Binding Agreement . Except as herein set forth, this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties
and their respective heirs, legal representatives. 

20.
 Waiver . Any waiver by any party of any breach of any provision of this Agreement shall not be considered as or constitute
a continuing waiver or waiver of any other breach of any provision of this Agreement. 

21.
 Assignment . This Agreement is personal to Employee and may not be assigned by him without Company s prior written
consent, which consent may be withheld in Company s sole and absolute discretion. 

22.
 Successors and Assigns . This Agreement shall be binding upon the parties hereto and their successors and assigns. 

23.
 Captions . Captions contained in this Agreement are inserted only as a matter of convenience or for reference and in no
way defines, limits, extends, or describes the scope of this Agreement or the intent of any provisions of this Agreement. 

24.
 Dispute Resolution; Arbitration . Any controversy or claim arising out of or relating to this Agreement, or the breach thereof,
or Employee s employment, shall be resolved by arbitration as follows: 

24.1.
 Mandatory Arbitration : Company and Employee agree that any claim, complaint, or dispute that relates in any way to this Agreement
or Employee s employment with Company, whether based in contract, tort, statute, fraud, misrepresentation or any other legal theory,
shall be submitted to binding arbitration administered by the American Arbitration Association AAA in accordance with
its Employment Arbitration Rules Mediation Procedures, which can be found online at https://adr.org/sites/default/files/EmploymentRules_Web_2.pdf
 (the Rules ). If the AAA Rules are inconsistent with the terms of this Agreement, the terms of this Agreement shall
govern. 

24.2.
 Covered Claims . This Agreement to arbitrate covers all grievances, disputes, claims, or causes of action (collectively, claims in a federal, state or local court or agency under applicable federal, state or local laws, arising out of Employee s employment
with the Company and the termination thereof, including claims Employee may have against the Company or against its officers, directors,
supervisors, managers, employees, or agents in their capacity as such or otherwise, or that the Company may have against Employee. The
claims covered by this Agreement include, but are not limited to, claims for breach of any contract or covenant (express or implied),
tort claims, claims for wrongful termination (constructive or actual) in violation of public policy, claims for discrimination or harassment
(including, but not limited to, harassment or discrimination based on race, sex, gender, religion, national origin, age, marital status,
medical condition, psychological condition, mental condition, disability, or sexual orientation), claims for violation of any federal,
state, or other governmental law, statute, regulation, or ordinance, including, but not limited to, all claims arising under Title VII
of the Civil Rights Act, the Age Discrimination in Employment Act, the Americans With Disabilities Act, the California Fair Employment
and Housing Act, the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985, and Employee Retirement Income Security Act. The parties
to this Agreement specifically agree that all claims under the California Labor Code, including, but not limited to, claims for overtime,
unpaid wages, and claims involving meal and rest breaks shall be subject to this Arbitration Agreement Covered Claims ). 

24.3.
 Claims Not Covered . Claims not covered by this Agreement
 are claims for workers compensation, unemployment compensation benefits, administrative
charges for unfair labor practices brought before the National Labor Relations Board, Excluded Claims (defined in Paragraph 24.4 below),
or any other claims that, as a matter of law, the Parties cannot agree to arbitrate. Nothing in this Agreement shall
be interpreted to mean that employees are precluded from filing complaints with the California Department
of Fair Employment and Housing and/or federal Equal Employment Opportunity Commission and National Labor Relations Board. 

24.4.
 Waiver of Class Action and Representative Action Claims . Except for representative
claims which cannot be waived under applicable law and which are therefore excluded from this Agreement
 Excluded Claims ), Employee and the Company expressly intend and agree that: (a)
class action and representative action procedures are hereby waived and shall not be asserted, nor will they apply, in any arbitration
 pursuant to this Agreement ; (b) each will not assert
class action or representative action claims against the other in arbitration or otherwise;
and (c) Employee and the Company shall only submit their own, individual claims in arbitration and
will not seek to represent the interests of any other person. To the extent that the parties dispute involves both timely filed
Excluded Claims and claims subject to this Agreement , the Parties agree to bifurcate and
stay for the duration of the arbitration proceedings any such Excluded Claims. 

24.5.
 Waiver of Trial By Jury . The parties understand and fully agree that by
entering into this Agreement
 to arbitrate, they are giving up their constitutional right to have a trial by jury, and are giving
up their normal rights of appeal following the rendering of a decision except as California law
provides for judicial review of arbitration proceedings. The Parties anticipate that by
entering into this Agreement , they will gain the benefits of a speedy and less expensive
dispute resolution procedure. 

24.6.
 Claims Procedure . Arbitration shall be initiated upon the express
written notice of either party. The aggrieved party must give written notice of any claim to the other party. Written notice of an Employee s
claim shall be mailed by certified or registered mail, return receipt requested, to the Company (at the address indicated in Paragraph
16). Written notice of the Company s claim will be mailed to the last known address of Employee. The written notice shall identify
and describe the nature of all claims asserted and the facts upon which such claims are based. Written notice of arbitration shall
be initiated within the same time limitations that California law applies to those claim(s). 

24.7.
 Arbitrator Selection . The Arbitrator
 shall be selected as provided in the AAA Rules. 

24.8.
 Discovery . The AAA Rules regarding discovery shall apply to arbitration
 under this Agreement . The Arbitrator selected
according to this Agreement shall decide all discovery disputes. 

24.9.
 Substantive Law. The Arbitrator
 shall apply the substantive state or federal law (and the law of remedies, if applicable) as applicable
to the claim(s) asserted. The Arbitrator shall conduct and preside over an arbitration
 hearing of reasonable length, to be determined by the Arbitrator .
The Arbitrator shall provide the parties with a written decision explaining his or her findings
and conclusions. The Arbitrator s decision shall be final and binding upon the parties. 

24.10.
 Motions. The Arbitrator
 shall have jurisdiction to hear and rule on prehearing disputes and is authorized to hold prehearing
conferences by telephone or in person as the Arbitrator deems necessary. The Arbitrator
 shall have the authority to set deadlines for completion of discovery, and for filing motions for
summary judgment, and to set briefing schedules for any motions. The Arbitrator shall have
the authority to adjudicate any cause of action, or the entire claim, pursuant to a motion for summary adjudication and/or summary judgment,
and, in deciding such motions, shall apply the law of the State of California . 

24.11.
 Compelling Arbitration/Enforcing Award. Either party may bring an action
in court to compel arbitration
 under this Agreement or to otherwise determine the
arbitrability of claims under this Agreement , and to confirm, vacate or enforce an arbitration
 award, and each party shall bear its own attorney fees and costs and other expenses of such action. 

24.12.
 Arbitration Fees and Costs. The Company shall be responsible for the arbitrator s
 fees and expenses. Each party shall pay its own costs and attorneys fees, if any. However,
if any party prevails on a statutory claim which affords the prevailing party attorneys fees and costs, or if there is a written
 agreement providing for attorneys fees and costs, the Arbitrator may
award reasonable attorneys fees and costs to the prevailing party. Any dispute as to the reasonableness of any fee or cost shall
be resolved by the Arbitrator . 

24.13.
 Term of Agreement. This Agreement
 to arbitrate shall survive the termination of Employee s employment. It can only be revoked
or modified in writing signed by both Parties that specifically states an intent to revoke or modify this Agreement and
is signed by the CEO and/or President. 

25.
 Governing Law . This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California,
without regard to the law of conflicts. 

26.
 Counterparts/Facsimile . This Agreement may be signed in counterparts which, when considered together, shall be regarded
as one completely signed document. This Agreement may be signed by facsimile signature, wherein a facsimile copy will have the same force
and effect as an original. 

27.
 Further Documents . The parties hereto agree to execute any writings, instruments or applications necessary to carry out
the intent of this Agreement. 

28.
 Cumulative Remedies . Except as otherwise provided in this contract all rights and remedies herein or otherwise shall be
cumulative and none of them shall be in limitation of any other right or remedy. 

29.
 Gender/Number . As used herein, the masculine, feminine, or neuter gender, and the singular or plural number shall each
be deemed to include the others whenever the context so indicates 

30.
 Construction . This Agreement shall be construed without regard to the identity of the person who drafted the various provisions
hereof. Each and every provision of this Agreement shall be construed as though the parties participated equally in the drafting of the
same. Consequently, the parties acknowledge and agree that any rule of construction that a document is to be construed against the drafting
party shall not be applicable to this Agreement. 

31.
 Indemnification . Each party hereto agrees to indemnify the other and hold the other harmless from and against any and all
damages or liability including attorneys fees and court costs occasioned by said other party s breach of any warranty representation
or agreement contained herein. 

[Signature
page to follow on next page.] 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement as of the day and year first above written. 

NuZee, Inc., 

a Nevada corporation 

By: 
 /s/
 Masateru Higashida 

Name: 
 Masateru
 Higashida 

Title: 
 Chief
 Executive Officer 

Employee : 

By: 
 /s/
 Jose L. Ramirez 

Name: 
 Jose
 L. Ramirez 

Title: 
 Chief
 Sales Officer and Chief Supply Chain Officer 

Last 4 of SSN#: [ ] 

</EX-10.15>

<EX-21.1>
 3
 ex21-1.htm

Exhibit
21.1 

List
of Company Subsidiaries 

Entity 
 
 State
 of Incorporation/Formation 
 
 NuZee
 Korea Ltd 
 
 South
 Korea 
 
 NuZee
 Investment Co., Ltd 
 
 Japan 
 
 NuZee
 LATIN AMERICA, S.A. de C.V. 
 
 Mexico 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 ex23-1.htm

Exhibit
23.1 

CONSENT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

We
hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-3 (No. 333-248531) and Form S-8 (No. 333-239604)
of NuZee, Inc. (the Company of our report dated December 21, 2021, relating to the consolidated financial statements
of the Company appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2021. 

/s/
 MaloneBailey, LLP 

Houston,
 Texas 

December
 21, 2021 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 ex31-1.htm

Exhibit
31.1 

Certification
of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

I,
Masateru Higashida, certify that: 

1.
I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2021 of NuZee, Inc.; 

2.
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
period covered by this report; 

3.
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
report; 

4.
The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a)
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b)
Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c)
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

(d)
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fourth fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.
The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

(a)
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

(b)
Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
December 22, 2021 

By: 
 /s/
 Masateru Higashida 

Name: 
 Masateru
 Higashida 

Title: 
 Chief
 Executive Officer and President (Principal Executive Officer), Secretary and Treasurer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 ex31-2.htm

Exhibit
31.2 

Certification
of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

I,
Patrick Shearer, certify that: 

1.
I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2021 of NuZee, Inc.; 

2.
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
period covered by this report; 

3.
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
report; 

4.
The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a)
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b)
Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c)
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

(d)
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fourth fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.
The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

(a)
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

(b)
Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
December 22, 2021 

By: 
 /s/
 Patrick Shearer 

Name: 
 Patrick
Shearer 

Title: 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 
 (Principal
 Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 ex32-1.htm

Exhibit
32.1 

Certification
of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 
as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

Pursuant
to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, I, Masateru Higashida, the Chief Executive
Officer and President, Secretary and Treasurer of NuZee, Inc. (the Company ), hereby certify, that, to my knowledge: 

1.
The Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2021 (the Report of the Company fully complies
with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2.
The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company. 

Date:
December 22, 2021 

By: 
 /s/
 Masateru Higashida 

Name: 
 Masateru
 Higashida 

Title: 
 Chief
 Executive Officer and President (Principal Executive Officer), Secretary and Treasurer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 8
 ex32-2.htm

Exhibit
32.2 

Certification
of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 
as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

Pursuant
to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, I, Patrick Shearer, the Chief Financial
Officer of NuZee, Inc. (the Company ), hereby certify, that, to my knowledge: 

1.
The Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2021 (the Report of the Company fully complies
with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2.
The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company. 

Date:
December 22, 2021 

By: 
 /s/
 Patrick Shearer 

Name: 
 Patrick
Shearer 

Title: 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 
 (Principal
 Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 nuze-20210930.xsd
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 nuze-20210930_def.xml
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 nuze-20210930_lab.xml
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 nuze-20210930_pre.xml
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

