<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20211213_10-K_edgar_data_1409197_0001213900-21-065002.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4257161</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>135213</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>770092</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1047411</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1151582</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1053149</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>7</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-21-065002.hdr.sgml : 20211213
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20211213165504
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-21-065002
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		50
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20210831
FILED AS OF DATE:		20211213
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20211213

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Bespoke Extracts, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001409197
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		IRS NUMBER:				204743354
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0831

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-52759
		FILM NUMBER:		211488651

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2590 WALNUT ST.
		CITY:			DENVER
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80205
		BUSINESS PHONE:		855-633-3738

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2590 WALNUT ST.
		CITY:			DENVER
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80205

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	DiMi Telematics International, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20120319

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	FIRST QUANTUM VENTURES INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20071106

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	First Quantum Ventures Inc
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20070808

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-21-065002.txt : 20211213

10-K
 1
 f10k2021_bespoke.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED
STATES 

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington,
D.C. 20549 

Form

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from _______ to ________ 

Commission
file number: 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

Registrant s
telephone number, including area code: 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None. 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, 
 smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 

The
aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which
the common equity was last sold as of the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter was
approximately . 

As of December 13, 2021, there were shares
of common stock, par value 0.001 per share, issued and outstanding. 

Bespoke
Extracts, Inc. 

Table
of Contents 

PART I 
 
 1 

Item 1. Business 
 
 1 

Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
 
 8 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 
 
 16 

Item 2. Properties. 
 
 16 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 
 
 16 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 
 16 

PART II 
 
 17 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 17 

Item 6. [Reserved.] 
 
 17 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 
 18 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 
 19 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 19 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosures. 
 
 20 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 
 20 

Item 9B. Other Information. 
 
 21 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 
 21 

PART III 
 
 22 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 
 
 22 

Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 
 23 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 24 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 
 
 25 

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 
 
 26 

PART IV 
 
 27 

Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules. 
 
 27 

Signatures 
 
 28 

i 

PART
I 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K may contain forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements are based on our management s
beliefs and assumptions and on information currently available to our management and involve risks and uncertainties. Forward-looking
statements include statements regarding our plans, strategies, objectives, expectations and intentions, which are subject to change at
any time at our discretion. Forward-looking statements include our assessment, from time to time of our competitive position, the industry
environment, potential growth opportunities and the effects of regulation. Forward-looking statements include all statements that are
not historical facts and can be identified by terms such as anticipates, believes, could, estimates, 
 expects, hopes, intends, may, plans, potential, predicts, 
 projects, should, will, would or similar expressions. 

Forward-looking
statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors which may cause our actual results, performance or achievements
to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements.
We discuss many of these risks in greater detail in Risk Factors. Given these uncertainties, undue reliance should not
be placed on these forward-looking statements. Also, forward-looking statements represent our management s beliefs and assumptions
only as of the date of this report. Our actual future results may be materially different from what we expect. Except as required by
law, we assume no obligation to update these forward-looking statements publicly. 

As
used in this annual report, the terms we , us , our , the Company , Bespoke
Extracts, Inc. and Bespoke mean Bespoke Extracts, Inc. unless otherwise indicated. 

Item
1. Business. 

Our
Corporate History 

We
were incorporated in the State of Colorado on July 29, 1988 under the name Cine-Source Entertainment, Inc. On April 27, 2004, the Company
changed its name to First Quantum Ventures, Inc. On April 13, 2006, the Company changed its name to First Quantum Ventures, Inc., and
on May 5, 2006, the Company reincorporated in Nevada. On March 15, 2012, the Company changed its name to DiMi Telematics International,
Inc. 

In
early 2017, we re-focused our business attention to the hemp-derived cannabidiol, or CBD, market. On March 10, 2017, the Company changed
its name to Bespoke Extracts, Inc. to align the Company s corporate identity with its new business plan. 

Since
2017, the Company has focused on selling its proprietary line of specially-formulated, premium quality, hemp-derived CBD products direct
to consumers through our ecommerce store, found at www.bespokeextracts.com. Information on our website is not part of this report. 

Under
our expanded operating plan, we intend to methodically expand our product offerings to include new flavors, including manuka honey; and
introduce additional form factors for our CBD formulations, including lotions and balms, depending on customer feedback and evolving
consumer demand. 

Recent
Developments 

In
November 2021, new management of the Company was appointed and the Company began to focus on other complimentary lines of business to
its CBD offerings. Under our new management team, we plan to expand the Company s focus to regulated cannabis markets in the United
States. 

The
Company s expanded business plan may include the acquisition of licensed medical and recreational marijuana dispensaries, cultivation
facilities and production facilities in states which allow publicly traded companies to own and operate such businesses. Depending on
the markets entered and state regulation, the Company s plan may also include: asset purchases, management/consulting operating
agreements, or similar agreements. The Company plans to use a combination of cash, shares of common or preferred stock, notes, or other
financing vehicles to complete these acquisitions. There is no assurance any required financing for such acquisitions will be available
on acceptable terms, or at all, or that we will complete any such acquisitions. 

1 

In
addition, the acquisition of marijuana dispensaries and cultivation/manufacturing/processing facilities is subject to the approval of
government authorities which license and regulate marijuana dispensaries in their applicable jurisdictions. No assurance can be given
that any such approvals can be obtained. 

Wonderleaf 

The Company has developed
a plan to potentially acquire and merge, or roll up direct plant-touching dispensaries, manufacturing facilities, and cannabis
cultivations with a target to be one of the highest quality, craft cannabis, seed-to-sale businesses in Colorado. 

Consistent
with this strategy, on December 2, 2021, Bespoke Extracts Colorado, LLC Bespoke Colorado ), a newly formed wholly-owned
subsidiary of the Company entered into an asset purchase agreement with WonderLeaf, LLC WonderLeaf ), and on December 7,
2021, Bespoke Colorado and WonderLeaf entered into an amendment to such asset purchase agreement (as amended, the Wonderleaf Purchase
Agreement ). Pursuant to the Wonderleaf Purchase Agreement, Bespoke Colorado agreed to purchase from WonderLeaf, and WonderLeaf
agreed to sell to Bespoke Colorado, certain assets of WonderLeaf, including a license to manufacture marijuana-infused products, existing
inventory, and extraction equipment and ancillary items, all as further set forth in the Purchase Agreement. 

In
connection with the Wonderleaf Purchase Agreement, Bespoke Colorado entered into a lease agreement (the Lease with WL
Holdings, Ltd. WL Holdings Pursuant to the Lease, Bespoke Colorado will lease from WL Holdings certain commercial space
in Aurora, Colorado, where WonderLeaf s business has been located, commencing upon signing of the Lease and Wonderleaf Purchase
Agreement, for a term of five years, which Bespoke Colorado will have an option to renew for an additional five years. 

Closing
of the Wonderleaf Purchase Agreement is subject to receipt of certain governmental approvals and other customary closing conditions. 

Our
Business--Overview 

Since
the change in management and control of the Company that occurred in November 2021, we now primarily operate within the regulated cannabis
industry and the CBD industry with three divisions: i) consulting and professional services, which we plan to commence offering around
January 2022; (ii) the sale of CBD products through our websites; and (iii) a new business division called Bespoke Extracts Colorado,
LLC, which, upon closing of the Wonderleaf acquisition, will be a licensed owner/operator of recreational marijuana processing
facilities located in Colorado. 

Business
Consulting Services 

We
plan to offer consulting services for companies associated with the cannabis and hemp industries in all stages of development. We anticipate
that our service offerings will include the following: 

Cannabis and Hemp Business Planning. Our commercial cannabis and hemp business planning services will be structured to help those pursuing state based operational licensing to create and implement effective, long-range business plans. We will work with our clients to generate a comprehensive strategy based on market need and growth opportunities. We understand the challenges and complexities of the regulated commercial cannabis and hemp markets and we have the expertise to help client businesses thrive. 

2 

Cannabis and Hemp Business Growth Strategies. We will work with our clients to create competitive, forward-looking cannabis and hemp business growth strategies formulated to minimize risk and maximize potential. 

Cannabis
 and Hemp Business Monitoring. The regulated commercial cannabis and hemp industries are constantly
 growing and shifting, and the ongoing monitoring of a cannabis and hemp business allows it
 to remain responsive to evolving consumer demands and state regulations as well as potential
 operations problems. We will offer fully integrated business analysis solutions. Our monitoring
 services will include sales tracking, market assessment, loss prevention strategies, review
 of operational efficiency and workflow recommendations. 

The
Hemp-Derived CBD Market 

In 2014, President Barack
Obama signed the 2014 Farm Bill, which essentially allowed for hemp to be grown by permitted universities and state departments of agriculture
in the name of federally funded research rather than as a commercial crop. Thereafter, pro-hemp legislation received increasingly
favorable bipartisan support, culminating in December 2018 with the passage of the 2018 Farm Bill, which removed industrial hemp from
its listing as a Schedule I drug and recognizes hemp as an agricultural commodity, such as corn, wheat or soybeans. Consequently, demand
for hemp-derived CBD products significantly increased, with the Federal government asserting certain oversight and compliance controls.
Specifically, the production of hemp-derived CBD must adhere to certain regulatory mandates relating to the hemp grown to produce it,
including: 

The hemp must contain less
 than 0.3 THC; 

The hemp must adhere to
 the shared state-federal regulations; and 

The hemp must be grown
 by a properly licensed grower. 

In
addition, the 2018 Farm Bill also lifted restrictions on the sale, transportation and possession of hemp-derived CBD products and allows
for the transportation of hemp-derived CBD products across state lines, as long as the products comply with the aforementioned mandates. 

Cannabidiol,
or CBD, is one of 140 identified cannabinoids, or plant compounds, found in cannabis species, namely Cannabis sativa (hemp plant) and
Cannabis indica (marijuana plant). THC, or tetrahydrocannabinol, is also a natural occurring cannabinoid in these plants. 

Numerous
medical studies have found that cannabinoids, including CBD and THC, provide a wealth of health and wellness benefits through their interaction
with the human endocannabinoid system (ECS), a complex network of cell receptors and neurotransmitters that help maintain the body s
homeostasis. According to one study, modulating the ECS activity may have therapeutic potential in almost all diseases affecting
humans, including obesity/metabolic syndrome, diabetes and diabetic complications, neuro-degenerative inflammatory, cardiovascular, liver,
gastrointestinal, skin diseases, pain, psychiatric disorders, cachexia, cancer, chemotherapy-induced nausea and vomiting, among many
others. (Source: P l Pacher and George Kunos, Modulating the Endocannabinoid System in Human Health and Disease--Successes
and Failures, The FEBS Journal (U.S. National Library of Medicine, May 2013), https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC3684164/.) 

3 

However, unlike CBD-based
products which are non-psychoactive, have little to no side effects and are believed to offer tangible therapeutic benefits to its users,
THC-based products used for recreational or medical purposes may induce psychotropic or euphoric effects on a user and have potential
side effects, such as anxiety and paranoia. Another important distinction between the two is the fact that THC products can only be purchased
in U.S. states which have legalized medical or recreational marijuana use, whereas authentic, hemp-derived CBD products may be legally
purchased nationwide. In fact, today CBD products are being sold directly to consumers online by manufacturers and resellers and in many
major and specialty retail stores, including Rite Aid, Walgreens, The Vitamin Shoppe, CVS, pet stores, beauty salons and even local convenience
stores and gas stations. 

CBD Product Line 

Generally
speaking, our management believes most CBD products for oral consumption available on the market have an earthy, bitter taste that some
observers suggest is reminiscent of chlorophyll. The centerpiece of our retail product line will be our high quality products, formulated
using only premium, organic ingredients. In addition to tinctures, we will also market CBD extract in capsule form, topicals, and gummies.
We intend to expand our proprietary CBD products to include a broader range of flavors and form factors. Our current CBD offerings primarily
focus on tinctures and liquid gels. 

Supply,
Manufacturing and Logistics 

Our
management believes that some companies operating in the CBD oil industry tend to emphasize sales and quantity over quality and safety.
Over the past several years, the U.S. Federal Drug Administration FDA has issued several warning letters to firms that
market unapproved new drugs that allegedly contain CBD. As part of these actions, the FDA has tested the chemical content of cannabinoid
compounds in some of the products, and many were found to not contain the levels of CBD they claimed to contain several were
found to have no CBD. 

All
our products are authenticated by an independent third party via issuance of a Certificate of Analysis COA ), for cannabinoid
content and profile, microbiological content, heavy metal content, pesticide content, and residual solvent content. We recognize the
importance of compliance and have partnered with one of the industry s leading current good manufacturing practices, or CGMP certified
extraction facilities. This ensures the consistency and quality of our product line and brand. 

Made
and derived from non-GMO, USA-grown hemp, our PCR hemp oil and isolate powder are subjected to a rigorous testing system both
in-house and verified through independent, third party labs which ensures accurate levels of phytocannabinoids and confirms the
levels of THC. Our products contain only the highest level of naturally derived CBD, more than 99.5 pure, and never contain more than
0.3 THC. We believe that a key differentiator of our finished products is the superb quality of ingredients we source from the industry s
leading suppliers, each of whom we have carefully vetted and qualified. 

Fulfillment
of orders from our online customers is managed by a well-established third-party logistics partner. 

CBD
Sales and Marketing 

We currently sell our products
through our website www.bespokecbd.com. 

We
believe that the traditional retail environment is currently experiencing notable economic instability due largely to the global shift
in consumer purchasing behaviors with online shopping/ecommerce sites overtaking brick-and-mortar stores as consumer preferred
shopping venues. In view of this retailing reality, we have adopted a Direct-to-Consumer sales model that is anchored by an ecommerce
website whereby we educate, sell and ship our CBD products directly to consumers. In addition, we also plan to market our CBD products
on a wholesale basis to select specialty retailers, dispensaries and physicians. 

Our
marketing initiatives include the use of social marketing, social influence marketing, direct response marketing, inbound marketing,
email marketing, Search Engine Optimization SEO and content marketing, among other proven strategies to generate and
convert sales prospects into loyal, satisfied customers. We will also explore utilizing coupon and deal sites to drive traffic to our
website and retailers, as well as participate in select industry conferences to promote our brand and build greater awareness of our
products among prospective business partners and consumers. 

4 

The
Difference Between Hemp and Marijuana 

Both
marijuana and hemp come from the same species of plant called Cannabis Sativa L. However, cultivators of the cannabis plant
have manipulated it over the years to encourage specific traits to become dominant. Cannabis plants contain unique compounds called cannabinoids.
Current research has revealed over 80 different cannabinoids thus far, but management believes THC is the most well-known and is credited
with causing the marijuana high. While marijuana plants contain high levels of THC, hemp contains very little of the psychoactive
chemical. The foregoing is one of the differences which distinguishes hemp from marijuana. 

Scientifically,
we now know that industrial hemp plants tend to produce high levels of the cannabinoid CBD, while producing low amounts of THC. Conversely,
the marijuana plant produces high THC levels and low CBD levels. This chemical difference dictates the way we use the cannabis
plant for medicinal and dietary supplemental purposes. 

Cannabis
Legislative Overview 

Below
is a discussion of the federal and state-level U.S. regulatory regimes in those jurisdictions where we may become involved, through our
subsidiaries, in the cannabis industry. Under the Company s plan, the Company may be directly engaged in the manufacture, possession,
sale, and distribution of cannabis in the adult-use cannabis marketplace in the State of Colorado. 

The
United States federal government regulates drugs in large part through the Controlled Substances Act, or CSA. Marijuana, which is a form
of cannabis, is classified as a Schedule I controlled substance. As a Schedule I controlled substance, the federal Drug Enforcement Agency,
or DEA, considers marijuana to have a high potential for abuse; no currently accepted medical use in treatment in the United States;
and a lack of accepted safety for use of the drug under medical supervision. According to the U.S. federal government, cannabis having
a concentration of tetrahydrocannabinol, or THC, greater than 0.3 is marijuana. Cannabis with a THC content below 0.3 is classified
as hemp. 

The
scheduling of marijuana as a Schedule I controlled substance is inconsistent with what we believe to be widely accepted medical and recreational
uses for marijuana by physicians, researchers, patients, and consumers. Moreover, as of February 4, 2021 and despite the clear conflict
with U.S. federal law, at least 36 states and the District of Columbia have legalized marijuana for medical use, although Mississippi s
medical cannabis legalization measure is under challenge. Fifteen of those states and the District of Columbia have legalized the adult-use
of cannabis for recreational purposes, although South Dakota s adult-use measure is subject to potential challenge. In November
2020, voters in Arizona, Montana, New Jersey, and South Dakota voted by referendum to legalize marijuana for adult use, and voters in
Mississippi and South Dakota voted to legalized marijuana for medical use. 

5 

Unlike in Canada, which uniformly
regulates the cultivation, distribution, sale, and possession of marijuana at the federal level under the Cannabis Act (Canada), marijuana
is largely regulated at the state level in the United States. State laws regulating marijuana are in conflict with the CSA, which makes
marijuana use and possession federally illegal. Although certain states and territories of the United States authorize medical or adult-use
marijuana production and distribution by licensed or registered entities, under United States federal law, the possession, use, cultivation,
and transfer of marijuana and any related drug paraphernalia is illegal. Although our activities are compliant with the applicable state
and local laws in the states in which we plan to operate, strict compliance with state and local laws with respect to cannabis may neither
absolve us of liability under United States federal law nor provide a defense to any federal criminal action that may be brought against
us. In 2013, as more and more states began to legalize medical and/or adult-use marijuana, the federal government attempted to provide
clarity on the incongruity between federal law and these state-legal regulatory frameworks. 

Until
2018, the federal government provided guidance to federal agencies and banking institutions through a series of Department of Justice
memoranda. The most notable of this guidance came in the form of a memorandum issued by former U.S. Deputy Attorney General James Cole
on August 29, 2013, which we refer to as the Cole Memorandum. The Cole Memorandum offered guidance to federal agencies on how to prioritize
civil enforcement, criminal investigations and prosecutions regarding marijuana in all states and quickly set a standard for marijuana-related
businesses to comply with. The Cole Memorandum put forth eight prosecution priorities: 

1. Preventing
the distribution of marijuana to minors; 

2. Preventing
revenue from the sale of marijuana from going to criminal enterprises, gangs and cartels; 

3. Preventing
the diversion of marijuana from states where it is legal under state law in some form to other states; 

4. Preventing
the state-authorized marijuana activity from being used as a cover or pretext for the trafficking of other illegal drugs or other illegal
activity; 

5. Preventing
violence and the use of firearms in the cultivation and distribution of marijuana; 

6. Preventing
drugged driving and the exacerbation of other adverse public health consequences associated with marijuana use; 

7. Preventing
the growing of marijuana on public lands and the attendant public safety and environmental dangers posed by marijuana production on public
lands; and 

8. Preventing
marijuana possession or use on federal property. 

On
January 4, 2018, former U.S. Attorney General Sessions rescinded the Cole Memorandum by issuing a new memorandum to all United States
Attorneys, which we refer to as the Sessions Memo. Rather than establishing national enforcement priorities particular to marijuana-related
crimes in jurisdictions where certain marijuana activity was legal under state law, the Sessions Memo simply rescinded the Cole Memorandum
and instructed that [i]n deciding which marijuana activities to prosecute... with the [DOJ s] finite resources, prosecutors
should follow the well-established principles that govern all federal prosecutions. Namely, these include the seriousness of the
offense, history of criminal activity, deterrent effect of prosecution, the interests of victims, and other principles. 

President
Biden s Attorney General, Merrick Garland, was confirmed by the United States Senate on March 10, 2021. It is not yet known whether
the Department of Justice under President Biden and Attorney General Garland, will re-adopt the Cole Memorandum or announce a substantive
marijuana enforcement policy. Attorney General Garland indicated at a confirmation hearing before the United States Senate that it did
not seem to him to be a useful use of limited resources to pursue prosecutions in states that have legalized and that are regulating
the use of marijuana, either medically or otherwise. 

Nonetheless,
there is no guarantee that state laws legalizing and regulating the sale and use of marijuana will not be repealed or overturned, or
that local governmental authorities will not limit the applicability of state laws within their respective jurisdictions. Unless and
until the United States Congress amends the CSA with respect to marijuana (and as to the timing or scope of any such potential amendments
there can be no assurance), there is a risk that federal authorities may enforce current U.S. federal law. Currently, in the absence
of uniform federal guidance, as had been established by the Cole memorandum, enforcement priorities are determined by respective United
States Attorneys. 

6 

In
order to participate in either the medical or recreational sides of the marijuana industry in Colorado and elsewhere, all businesses
and employees must obtain badges and licenses from the state and, for businesses, local jurisdictions. Colorado issues six types of business
licenses including cultivation, manufacturing, dispensing, transport, research license and testing. In addition, all owners and employees
must obtain an occupational license to be permitted to own or work in a facility. All applicants for licenses undergo a background investigation,
including a criminal record check for all owners and employees. 

Colorado
has also enacted stringent regulations governing the facilities and operations of marijuana businesses. All facilities are required to
be licensed by the state and local authorities and are subject to comprehensive security and surveillance requirements. In addition,
each facility is subject to extensive regulations that govern its businesses practices, which includes mandatory seed-to-sale tracking
and reporting, health and sanitary standards, packaging and labeling requirements and product testing for potency and contaminants. 

Laws
and regulations affecting the adult-use marijuana industry are constantly changing, which could detrimentally affect our proposed operations.
Local, state, and federal adult-use marijuana laws and regulations are broad in scope and subject to evolving interpretations, which
could require us to incur substantial costs associated with compliance or alter our business plan. In addition, violations of these laws,
or allegations of such violations, could disrupt our business and result in a material adverse effect on our operations. It is also possible
that regulations may be enacted in the future that will be directly applicable to our business. These ever-changing regulations could
even affect federal tax policies that may make it difficult to claim tax deductions on our returns. We cannot predict the nature of any
future laws, regulations, interpretations, or applications, nor can we determine what effect additional governmental regulations or administrative
policies and procedures, when and if promulgated, could have on our business. 

Competition 

We
believe we possess certain competitive strengths and advantages in the industries in which we plan to operate. Our management team has
significant experience in cultivation, processing and retailing of cannabis throughout regulated markets. As we execute on our strategy,
we believe this expertise enables us to potentially evaluate, acquire and operate business efficiently. 

Industry Knowledge. We continue to
create, share and leverage information and experiences with the purpose of creating awareness and identifying opportunities to increase
shareholder value. Our management team has business expertise, extensive knowledge of the cannabis industry and closely monitors changes
in legislation. We work with partners who enhance the breadth of our industry knowledge. 

Regulatory
Compliance. The state and local laws regulating the cannabis industry change at a rapid pace. We have resources committed to ensure
our operations are in compliance with all state and local laws, policies, guidance and regulations to which we are subject. We apply
this compliance knowledge to our customers in order to ensure that they, too, are in full compliance. 

In
the regulated cannabis industry, we believe we have significant competition from a range of private and public market participants. 

Given the rapid growth of
the U.S. CBD and regulated cannabis industries, hundreds of companies have entered the respective markets. Consequently, the market is
becoming highly competitive and we believe to compete in the market requires ensuring the quality and integrity of product offerings.
Certain of our competitors have substantially greater financial, distribution, and marketing resources, as well as greater brand awareness
than us, and there can be no assurance we will be able to successfully compete. 

Our
Headquarters 

Our corporate headquarters
is located at 2590 Walnut St., Denver, CO. Our corporate internet website is www.bespokeexracts.com. The contents of the website are not
part of this report. 

Employees 

As
of the date of the filing of this report, we have 2 full-time employees. 

7 

Item
1A. Risk Factors 

An
investment in the Company s common stock involves a high degree of risk. In determining whether to purchase the Company s
common stock, an investor should carefully consider all of the material risks described below, together with the other information contained
in this report before making a decision to purchase the Company s securities. An investor should only consider purchasing the Company s
securities if he or she can afford to suffer the loss of his or her entire investment. 

Risk
Related to our Business and Industry 

We
have a history of operating losses, have a working capital deficit as of August 31, 2021, and we may not achieve or maintain profitability
in the future. 

As
of August 31, 2021, we have an accumulated deficit of 19,742,266, a stockholders deficit of 418,242, and a working capital deficit
of 453,735. We incurred a net loss of 965,577 for the year ended August 31, 2021. We may never achieve profitability or generate significant
revenues. 

We
will need to raise additional capital, which may not be available. 

We
anticipate that we will need to raise additional capital to execute our business plan and maintain and expand our operations. Additional
capital may not be available to us on acceptable terms, or at all. If we are unable to raise additional capital, our business may be
harmed and we may need to curtail or cease operations. 

We
have a limited operating history that impedes our ability to evaluate our potential future performance and strategy. 

We
began sales of our products in mid-2018. Our limited operating history makes it difficult for us to evaluate our future business prospects
and make decisions based on estimates of our future performance. To address these risks and uncertainties, we must do the following: 

Successfully
execute our business strategy to establish the Bespoke Extracts brand and reputation as a well-managed enterprise committed
to delivering premium quality and cost-effective CBD products; 

Respond
to competitive developments; 

Execute
value-focused pricing strategies that position our tinctures and gelcaps as premium, great tasting, all-natural CBD products offered
at a competitive price; 

Effectively
and efficiently market and sell our line of CBD products through the development of distribution strategies; and 

Attract,
integrate, retain and motivate qualified personnel. 

Our
business strategy may not be successful and we may not successfully address these risks. In the event that we do not successfully address
these risks, our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations may be materially and adversely affected. 

Our
operating results may fluctuate significantly based on customer acceptance of our products. As a result our period-to-period comparisons
of our results of operations are unlikely to provide a good indication of our future performance. 

Management
expects that we will experience substantial variations in our net sales and operating results from quarter to quarter due to customer
acceptance of our products. If customers do not accept our products, our sales and revenue will either fail to materialize or decline,
resulting in a reduction in our operating income or possible increase in losses. 

8 

If
we do not successfully develop and commercialize additional products, we could lose revenue opportunities. 

Our
future success will depend, in part, on our ability to expand our product offerings. To that end we have engaged in the process of identifying
new product opportunities. The processes of identifying and commercializing new products is complex and uncertain, and if we fail to
accurately predict customers changing needs and preferences, our business could be harmed. We have and may continue to commit
significant resources to commercializing new products before knowing whether our investments will result in products the market will
accept. Furthermore, we may not execute successfully on commercializing those products because of errors in product planning or timing,
technical hurdles that we fail to overcome in a timely fashion, or a lack of appropriate resources. This could result in competitors
providing those solutions before we do. 

The
success of new products will depend on several factors, including proper new product definition, timely completion, and introduction
of these products, differentiation of new products from those of our competitors, and market acceptance of these products. There can
be no assurance that we will successfully identify additional new product opportunities, develop and bring new products to market in
a timely manner, or achieve market acceptance of our products or that products developed by others will not render our products obsolete
or noncompetitive. 

We
may have difficulties managing our Company s growth, which could lead to higher operating losses, or we may not grow at all. 

If
we succeed in growing our business, such growth could strain our human and capital resources, potentially leading to higher operating
losses. Our ability to manage operations and control growth will be dependent upon our ability to raise and spend capital to successfully
attract, train, motivate, retain and manage new employees and continue to update and improve our management and operational systems,
infrastructure and other resources, financial and management controls, and reporting systems and procedures. Should we be unsuccessful
in accomplishing any of these essential aspects of our growth in an efficient and timely manner, then management may receive inadequate
information necessary to manage our operations, possibly causing additional expenditures and inefficient use of existing human and capital
resources or we otherwise may be forced to grow at a slower pace that could slow or eliminate our ability to achieve and sustain profitability.
Such slower than expected growth may require us to restrict or cease our operations and go out of business. 

Loss
of our chief executive officer could limit our growth and negatively impact our operations. 

We
depend upon our chief executive officer, Michael Feinsod, to a substantial extent. The loss of Mr. Feinsod could have a material adverse
effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition. 

We
will be required to attract and retain top quality talent to compete in the marketplace. 

We
believe our future growth and success will depend in part on our ability to attract and retain highly skilled managerial, product development,
sales and marketing, and finance personnel. We may not succeed in attracting and retaining such personnel. Shortages in qualified personnel
could limit our ability to increase sales of existing products and services and launch new product and service offerings. 

Our
inability to effectively protect our intellectual property would adversely affect our ability to compete effectively, our revenue, our
financial condition, and our results of operations. 

We
may be unable to obtain intellectual property rights to effectively protect our branding, products, and other intangible assets. Our
ability to compete effectively may be affected by the nature and breadth of our intellectual property rights. If we are unable to secure
intellectual property rights to effectively protect our branding, products, and other intangible assets, our revenue and earnings, financial
condition, or results of operations could be adversely affected. 

9 

Our
industry is highly competitive, and we have less capital and resources than many of our competitors, which may give them an advantage
in developing and marketing products similar to ours or make our products obsolete. 

We
are involved in a highly competitive industry where we compete with various other nutraceutical companies which offer products similar
to the products we sell. These competitors may have far greater resources than we do, giving our competitors an advantage in developing
and marketing products similar to ours or products that make our products obsolete. We may be unable to successfully compete against
these other manufacturers. 

The
COVID-19 pandemic may negatively affect our business. 

The
COVID-19 pandemic is having widespread, rapidly evolving, and unpredictable impacts on global society, economies, financial markets,
and business practices. The continuing impacts of COVID-19 are highly unpredictable and could be significant, and may have an adverse
effect on our business, operations and our future financial performance, including by causing delays and constraints in manufacturing
and shipping of our products. 

We
may be subject to the risks associated with future acquisitions , which may increase our capital requirements, dilute our shareholders,
cause us to incur debt or assume contingent liabilities, and subject us to other risks. 

As
part of our overall business strategy, the Company may pursue select strategic acquisitions. 

Although
the Company will assess the risks inherent in a particular target business which it may acquire, this assessment may not result in the
identification of all risks that a target business may encounter. Furthermore, some of those risks may be outside of the Company s
control, meaning that the Company can do nothing to control or reduce the chances that those risks will adversely impact a target business. 

Any
such future acquisitions, if completed, may expose the Company to additional potential risks, including risks associated with: 

increased
 operating expenses and cash requirements; 

the
 assumption of additional indebtedness or contingent liabilities; 

the
 issuance of our equity securities; 

assimilation
 of operations, intellectual property and products of an acquired company, including difficulties
 associated with integrating new personnel; 

the
 diversion of our management s attention from our existing product programs and initiatives
 in pursuing such a strategic merger or acquisition; 

retention
 of key employees, the loss of key personnel and uncertainties in our ability to maintain
 key business relationships; and 

risks
 and uncertainties associated with the other party to such a transaction, including the prospects
 of that party and their existing productsand our inability to generate revenue from acquired
 products sufficient to meet our objectives in undertaking the acquisition or even to offset
 the associated acquisition and maintenance costs. 

Cannabis
remains illegal under federal law. 

Despite
the development of a cannabis industry legal under state laws, state laws legalizing medicinal and recreational adult cannabis use are
in conflict with the federal Controlled Substances Act, which classifies cannabis as a Schedule I controlled substance and makes cannabis
use and possession illegal on a national level. The United States Supreme Court has ruled that it is the federal government that has
the right to regulate and criminalize cannabis, even for medical purposes, and thus federal law criminalizing the use of cannabis preempts
state laws that legalize its use. 

10 

A
prior U.S. administration attempted to address the inconsistent treatment of cannabis under state and federal law in the Cole Memorandum
which Deputy Attorney General James Cole sent to all U.S. Attorneys in August 2013 that outlined certain priorities for the Department
of Justice DOJ relating to the prosecution of cannabis offenses. The Cole Memorandum provided that enforcing federal
cannabis laws and regulations in jurisdictions that have enacted laws legalizing cannabis in some form and that have also implemented
strong and effective regulatory and enforcement systems to control the cultivation, processing, distribution, sale and possession of
cannabis conduct in compliance with those laws and regulations was not a priority for the DOJ. The DOJ did not provide (and has not provided
since) specific guidelines for what regulatory and enforcement systems would be deemed sufficient under the Cole Memorandum. On January
4, 2018, U.S. Attorney General Jeff Sessions formally issued the Sessions Memorandum, which rescinded the Cole Memorandum effective upon
its issuance. The Sessions Memorandum stated, in part, that current law reflects Congress determination that cannabis is
a dangerous drug and cannabis activity is a serious crime , and Mr. Sessions directed all U.S. Attorneys to enforce the laws enacted
by Congress and to follow well-established principles when pursuing prosecutions related to cannabis activities.. It is not yet known
whether the Department of Justice under President Biden and Attorney General Garland, will re-adopt the Cole Memorandum or announce a
substantive marijuana enforcement policy. Attorney General Garland indicated at a confirmation hearing before the United States Senate
that it did not seem to him to be a useful use of limited resources to pursue prosecutions in states that have legalized and that are
regulating the use of marijuana, either medically or otherwise. There can be no assurance that the federal government will not enforce
federal laws relating to cannabis in the future. The uncertainty of federal enforcement practices going forward and the inconsistency
between federal and state laws and regulations presents major risks for our business and operations. Any such change in the federal government s
enforcement of federal laws could cause significant financial damage to us and our stockholders. 

Under
federal law, and more specifically the federal Controlled Substances Act, the possession, use, cultivation and transfer of cannabis is
illegal. It is also federally illegal to advertise the sale of cannabis, or to sell paraphernalia designed or intended primarily for
use with cannabis, unless the paraphernalia is authorized by federal, state, or local law. Our business involves the cultivation, production
and sale of cannabis and cannabis products, and, therefore, violates federal law. Further, we provide services to customers that are
engaged in the business of possession, use, cultivation and/or transfer of cannabis. As a result, law enforcement authorities, in their
attempt to regulate the illegal use of cannabis, may seek to bring an action or actions against us, including, but not limited to, a
claim of aiding and abetting another s criminal activities. The federal aiding and abetting statute provides that anyone who commits
an offense against the United States or aids, abets, counsels, commands, induces or procures its commission, is punishable as a principal. 
18 U.S.C. 2(a). As a result of such an action, we may be forced to cease operations and our investors could lose their entire investment.
Such an action would have a material negative effect on our business and operations. 

If
the Federal Government were to change its enforcement practices, or were to expend its resources enforcing existing federal laws on those
involved in the cannabis industry, such action could have a materially adverse effect on our operations, our customers or the sales of
our products up to and including a complete cessation of our business. 

It
is possible that additional federal or state legislation could be enacted in the future that would prohibit us or our clients from selling
cannabis, and if such legislation were enacted, the demand for our products and services, and those of our clients, likely would decrease,
causing revenues to decline. Further, additional government disruption in the cannabis industry could cause potential customers and users
to be reluctant to use our products and services, which would be detrimental to us. We cannot predict the nature of any future laws,
regulations, interpretations or applications, nor can we determine what effect additional governmental regulations or administrative
policies and procedures, when and if promulgated, could have on our business. 

Our
business is dependent on state laws pertaining to the cannabis industry. 

The
federal Controlled Substances Act classifies cannabis as a Schedule I controlled substance and makes cannabis use and possession illegal
on a national level. The U.S. Supreme Court has ruled that it is the federal government that has the right to regulate and criminalize
cannabis, even for medical purposes, and thus federal law criminalizing the use of cannabis preempts state laws that legalize its use.
While there appears to be ample public support for favorable legislative action to legalize cannabis use and possession, numerous factors
may impact or negatively affect the legislative process(s) within the various states we have or may in the future have business interests
in. Any one of these factors could slow or halt use of cannabis, which would negatively impact our business. 

11 

The
voters or legislatures of states in which cannabis has already been legalized could potentially repeal applicable laws which permit the
operation of both medical and retail cannabis businesses. These actions might force businesses, including our own and those of our clients,
to cease operations in one or more states entirely. 

We
are required to comply concurrently with federal, state and local laws in each jurisdiction where we operate or to which we sell our
products. 

Various
federal, state and local laws, regulations and guidelines govern our business in the jurisdictions in which we operate or propose to
operate, or to which we export or propose to sell our products, including laws and regulations relating to health and safety, conduct
of operations and the production, management, transportation, storage and disposal of our products and of certain material used in our
operations. Compliance with each set of these laws, regulations and guidelines requires concurrent compliance with other complex federal,
state and local laws, regulations and guidelines. These laws, regulations and guidelines change frequently and may be difficult to interpret
and apply. Compliance with these laws, regulations and guidelines requires the investment of significant financial and managerial resources,
and a determination that we are not in compliance with these laws, regulations and guidelines could harm our reputation and brand image
and have a material adverse effect on our prospects, business, financial condition and results of operations. Moreover, it is impossible
for us to predict the cost or effect of such laws, regulations or guidelines upon our future operations. Changes to these laws, regulations
and guidelines could negatively affect our competitive position within our industry and the markets in which we operate, and there is
no assurance that various levels of government in the jurisdictions in which we operate will not pass legislation or regulation or issue
guidelines that adversely impacts our business. 

Our
business is subject to a variety of U.S. laws, many of which are unsettled and still developing, and which could subject us to claims
or otherwise harm our business. 

We
are subject to a variety of state and federal laws in the United States. In the United Stated, despite cannabis having been legalized
for medical use in many states, and for adult recreational use in a number of states, cannabis meeting the definition of marijuana 
continues to be categorized as a Schedule I controlled substance under the federal Controlled Substances Act. Following the passage of
HB19-1090 in Colorado, we have elected to move into plant-touching operations in addition to non-plant-touching operations. As a public
company involved in direct plant-touching activities, we may face additional scrutiny from the U.S. federal government or other regulatory
agencies. Such scrutiny, and any investigation of our operations related to plant-touching activities, could have a material adverse
impact on our prospects, business, financial condition and results of operations. 

We are or will be subject to risks related
to unsafe concentration of heavy metals and other contaminants in our cannabis and nutrient products, and associated inconsistent treatment
under state law. 

Cannabis
plants may absorb heavy metals and other contaminants from the soil that they grow in. Nutrient products are made from ingredients that
may contain heavy metals and other contaminants. Heavy metals and contaminants are naturally found in the earth s crust but may
also be present as a result of, for example, pesticide use. Some contaminants, like heavy metals, are toxic to humans at even low concentrations.
If our raw materials contain contaminants, they may transfer to our products. If the level of contaminants in our products exceeds permissible
or safe levels, it may result in loss of inventory and possible harm to consumers of the products, which may expose us, among other things,
to monetary losses, product liability claims and reputational risk. 

In
addition, state regulation of testing for, and permissible levels of, contaminants in cannabis products varies, making compliance difficult
and costly. 

We will be subject to risks inherent in
an agricultural business, including the risk of crop failure. 

We will be in the cannabis
industry, which is an agricultural process. As such, our business will be subject to the risks inherent in the agricultural business,
including risks of crop failure presented by weather, insects, plant diseases and similar agricultural risks that might affect us or our
clients. 

12 

The
cannabis industry and market are relatively new in the United States, and this industry and market may not continue to exist or develop
as anticipated or we may ultimately be unable to succeed in this industry and market. 

The
cannabis industry and market are relatively new, and our success depends on our ability to operate our business successfully and attract
and retain clients. In addition to being subject to general business risks applicable to a business involving an agricultural product
and a regulated consumer product, we need to continue to build brand awareness of our brand in the cannabis industry and make significant
investments in our business strategy and production capacity. These investments include introducing new products and services into the
markets in which we operate, adopting quality assurance protocols and procedures and undertaking regulatory compliance efforts. These
activities may not promote our business as effectively as intended, or at all, and we expect that our competitors will undertake similar
investments to compete with us for market share. Competitive conditions, consumer preferences and spending patterns in this industry
and market are relatively unknown and may have unique characteristics that differ from other existing industries and markets and that
may cause our efforts to further our business to be unsuccessful or to have undesired consequences. As a result, we may not be successful
in our efforts to operate our business or attract and retain clients or to develop new products and services and produce and distribute
these products and services to the markets in which we operate or to which we export in time to be effectively commercialized, or these
activities may require significantly more resources than we currently anticipate in order to be successful. 

We,
or the cannabis industry more generally, may receive unfavorable publicity or become subject to negative consumer or investor perception. 

We
believe that the cannabis industry is highly dependent upon positive consumer and investor perception regarding the benefits, safety,
efficacy and quality of the cannabis distributed to consumers. The perception of the cannabis industry and cannabis products, currently
and in the future, may be significantly influenced by scientific research or findings, regulatory investigations, litigation, political
statements, media attention and other publicity (whether or not accurate or with merit) both in the United States and in other countries
relating to the consumption of cannabis products, including unexpected safety or efficacy concerns arising with respect to cannabis products
or the activities of industry participants. There can be no assurance that future scientific research, findings, regulatory proceedings,
litigation, media attention or other research findings or publicity will be favorable to the cannabis market or any particular cannabis
product or will be consistent with earlier publicity. Adverse future scientific research reports, findings and regulatory proceedings
that are, or litigation, media attention or other publicity that is, perceived as less favorable than, or that questions, earlier research
reports, findings or publicity (whether or not accurate or with merit) could result in a significant reduction in the demand for our
cannabis products or those of our clients, which would affect our business. Further, adverse publicity reports or other media attention
regarding the safety, efficacy and quality of cannabis or our products specifically, or associating the consumption of cannabis with
illness or other negative effects or events, could adversely affect us. This adverse publicity could arise even if the adverse effects
associated with cannabis products resulted from consumers failure to use such products legally, appropriately or as directed. 

Certain
events or developments in the cannabis industry more generally may impact our reputation. 

Damage
to our reputation can result from the actual or perceived occurrence of any number of events, including any negative publicity, whether
true or not. As we anticipate becoming a producer and distributor of cannabis, which is a controlled substance in the United States that
has previously been commonly associated with various other narcotics, violence and criminal activities, there is a risk that our business
might attract negative publicity. There is also a risk that the actions of other companies and service providers in the cannabis industry
may negatively affect the reputation of the industry as a whole and thereby negatively impact our reputation. The increased usage of
social media and other web-based tools used to generate, publish and discuss user generated content and to connect with other users has
made it increasingly easier for individuals and groups to communicate and share negative opinions and views in regards to our activities
and the cannabis industry in general, whether true or not. We do not ultimately have direct control over how we or the cannabis industry
is perceived by others. Reputational issues may result in decreased investor confidence, increased challenges in developing and maintaining
community relations and present an impediment to our overall ability to advance our business strategy and realize on our growth prospects. 

13 

The
cannabis industry could face strong opposition from other industries. 

We
believe that established businesses in other industries may have a strong economic interest in opposing the development of the cannabis
industry. Cannabis may be seen by companies in other industries as an attractive alternative to their products, including recreational
cannabis as an alternative to alcohol and medical cannabis as an alternative to various commercial pharmaceuticals. Many industries that
could view the emerging cannabis industry as an economic threat are well established, with vast economic and federal and state lobbying
resources. It is possible that companies within these industries could use their resources to attempt to slow or reverse legislation
legalizing cannabis. Any inroads these companies make in halting or impeding legislative initiatives that would not be beneficial to
the cannabis industry could have a detrimental impact on our business or our clients business and, in turn, on our operations. 

Businesses
involved in the cannabis industry, and investments in such businesses, are subject to a variety of laws and regulations related to money
laundering, financial recordkeeping and proceeds of crimes. 

Investments
in the U.S. cannabis industry are subject to a variety of laws and regulations that involve money laundering, financial recordkeeping
and proceeds of crime, including the Bank Secrecy Act, as amended by the USA Patriot Act, other anti-money laundering laws, and any related
or similar rules, regulations or guidelines, issued, administered or enforced by governmental authorities in the United States. In February
2014, the Financial Crimes Enforcement Network FinCEN of the Treasury Department issued a memorandum (the FinCEN
Memo providing guidance to banks seeking to provide services to cannabis-related businesses. The FinCEN Memo outlines circumstances
under which banks may provide services to cannabis-related businesses without risking prosecution for violation of U.S. federal money
laundering laws. It refers to supplementary guidance that Deputy Attorney General Cole issued to U.S. federal prosecutors relating to
the prosecution of U.S. money laundering offenses predicated on cannabis-related violations of the federal Controlled Substances Act
and outlines extensive due diligence and reporting requirements, which most banks have viewed as onerous. The FinCEN Memo currently remains
in place, but it is unclear at this time whether the current administration will continue to follow the guidelines of the FinCEN Memo.
Such requirements could negatively affect our ability and the ability of our clients to establish and maintain banking connections. 

We
may be unable to seek the protection of the bankruptcy courts. 

There
is an argument that the federal bankruptcy courts cannot provide relief for parties who engage in cannabis or cannabis-related businesses.
Recent bankruptcy rulings have denied bankruptcies for cannabis dispensaries upon the justification that businesses cannot violate federal
law and then claim the benefits of federal bankruptcy for the same activity and upon the justification that courts cannot ask a bankruptcy
trustee to take possession of, and distribute cannabis assets as such action would violate the federal Controlled Substances Act. Therefore,
due to our cannabis-related business, we may not be able to seek the protection of the bankruptcy courts and this could materially affect
our financial performance and/or our ability to obtain or maintain credit. 

Risks
Related to our Common Stock 

There
is a limited trading market for our common stock, and investors may find it difficult to buy and sell our shares. 

Our
common stock is not listed on any national securities exchange. Accordingly, investors may find it more difficult to buy and sell our
shares than if our common stock was traded on an exchange. Although our common stock is quoted on the OTC Pink, it is an unorganized,
inter-dealer, over-the-counter market which provides significantly less liquidity than the Nasdaq Capital Market or other national securities
exchange. Further, prior to July 2018 there was minimal reported trading in our common stock, and any significant trading volume in our
common stock may not be sustained. These factors may have an adverse impact on the trading and price of our common stock. 

14 

The
market price of our common stock is, and is likely to continue to be, highly volatile and subject to wide fluctuations . 

The
market price of our common stock is highly volatile and could be subject to wide fluctuations in response to a number of factors that
are beyond our control, including: 

variations
in our quarterly operating results; 

announcements
that our revenue or income are below analysts expectations; 

general
economic slowdowns; 

sales
of large blocks of our common stock; and 

announcements
by us or our competitors of significant contracts, acquisitions, strategic partnerships, joint ventures or capital commitments. 

Our
common stock is considered a penny stock and is subject to additional sale and trading regulations that may make it more
difficult to buy or sell. 

Our
common stock is considered a penny stock and securities broker-dealers participating in sales of our common stock are subject
to the penny stock regulations set forth in Rules 15g-2 through 15g-9 promulgated under the Exchange Act. Generally, brokers
may be less willing to execute transactions in securities subject to the penny stock rules. This may make it more difficult
for investors to dispose of our common stock and cause a decline in the market value of our stock. 

We
do not intend to pay dividends on our common stock for the foreseeable future. 

We
have paid no dividends on our common stock to date and we do not anticipate paying any dividends to holders of our common stock in the
foreseeable future. While our future dividend policy will be based on the operating results and capital needs of the business, we currently
anticipate that we will retain any earnings to finance our future expansion and for the implementation of our business plan. A lack of
a dividend can further affect the market value of our common stock and could significantly affect the value of any investment in the
Company. 

Our
chief executive officer beneficially owns the majority of the voting power of our shareholders. 

As
the managing member of the holder of our outstanding share of Series C Preferred Stock, our chief executive officer, Michael Feinsod,
has 51 of the voting power of the Company s shareholders. As a result, Mr. Feinsod has the ability to control all matters
submitted to shareholders, and his interests may differ from those of other shareholders. 

Additional
stock offerings in the future may dilute then-existing shareholders percentage ownership of the Company. 

Given
our plans and expectations that we will need additional capital and personnel, we anticipate that will need to issue additional shares
of common stock or securities convertible or exercisable for shares of common stock, which may include including convertible notes, preferred
stock, stock options or warrants. The issuance of additional securities in the future will dilute the percentage ownership of then-current
stockholders. 

15 

The rights of the holders of common stock may be impaired by
the potential issuance of preferred stock. 

Our board of directors has
the right, without stockholder approval, to issue preferred stock with voting, dividend, conversion, liquidation or other rights which
could adversely affect the voting power and equity interest of the holders of common stock, which could be issued with the right to more
than one vote per share, and could be utilized as a method of discouraging, delaying or preventing a change of control. The possible negative
impact on takeover attempts could adversely affect the price of our common stock. 

Failure to achieve and maintain internal
controls in accordance with Sections 302 and 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 could have a material adverse effect on our business
and stock price. 

Our management has determined
that we do not have effective disclosure controls and procedures, or internal control over financial reporting as of August 31, 2021.
Effective internal controls are necessary for us to produce reliable financial reports and are important in the prevention of financial
fraud. If we cannot produce reliable financial reports or prevent fraud, our business and operating results could be harmed, investors
could lose confidence in our reported financial information, and there could be a material adverse effect on our stock price. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 

Not required for a smaller
reporting company. 

Item 2. Properties. 

We maintain our principal
office at 2590 Walnut St, Denver, CO. Our monthly rent is 1,300 under a month-to-month lease. We believe that our existing facilities
are suitable and adequate to meet our current business requirements. 

Our-wholly owned subsidiary,
Bespoke Extracts Colorado, LLC leases commercial space in Aurora, CO, under a 5 year lease that commenced December 2021 (with an option
to renew for an additional five year term). Monthly rent starts at 6,000. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 

We are not party to, and our
property is not the subject of, any material legal proceedings. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 

Not applicable. 

16 

PART II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common
Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 

Our common stock quoted on
the OTC Pink under the symbol BSPK. Any over-the-counter market quotations for our common stock on the OTC Pink reflect
inter-dealer prices, without retail mark-up, mark-down or commission and may not necessarily represent actual transactions. 

Holders 

As of December 13, 2021, there
were approximately 308 holders of record of our common stock, which excludes those stockholders holding stock in street name. 

Dividend Policy 

We have not declared or paid
cash dividends on our common stock in the past, and we do not anticipate that we will pay cash dividends our common stock in the foreseeable
future. 

Repurchases of Equity Securities 

None. 

Securities authorized for issuance under equity
compensation plans 

None. 

Recent Sales of Equity Securities 

None. 

Item 6. [Reserved.] 

17 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

The following discussion highlights the principal
factors that have affected our financial condition and results of operations as well as our liquidity and capital resources for the periods
described. This discussion should be read in conjunction with our financial statements and the related notes included in Item 8 of this
Form 10-K. This discussion contains forward-looking statements. Please see the explanatory note concerning Forward-Looking Statements 
in Part I of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and Item 1A. Risk Factors for a discussion of the uncertainties, risks and assumptions associated
with these forward-looking statements. 

Overview 

We sell a proprietary line
of specially-formulated, premium quality, hemp-derived CBD products direct to consumers through our ecommerce store, found at www.bespokeextracts.com.
Information on our website is not part of this report. 

Under our expanded operating
plan, we intend to methodically expand our product offerings to include new flavors, including manuka honey; and introduce additional
form factors for our CBD formulations, including lotions and balms, depending on customer feedback and evolving consumer demand. 

In November 2021, new management
of the Company was appointed and the Company began to focus on other complimentary lines of business to its CBD offerings. Under our new
management team, we plan to expand the Company s focus to regulated cannabis markets in the United States. 

Results of Operations for the years ended August
31, 2021 and August 31, 2020 

Sales 

Sales during the year ended
August 31, 2021 were 35,566 compared to 8,054 for the year ended August 31, 2020. The increase in sales was primarily a result of increased
marketing of the Company s new line-up of hemp-derived CBD products and sales of older products at reduced prices. 

Operating Expenses 

Selling, general and administrative
expenses for the years ended August 31, 2021 and August 31, 2020 were 640,880 and 3,647,610, respectively. Included in selling, general
and administrative expenses, option and warrant expense for the years ended August 31, 2021 and August 31, 2020 was 0 and 3,467,440,
respectively which was primarily due to the fair value re-measurement of warrants and options, and the issuance of options to our then-President
and CEO. Stock-based compensation for the years ended August 31, 2021 and August 31, 2020 were 0 and 40,500, respectively which was
a result of common stock issued for services. Professional fees were 105,950 and 185,603, respectively for the years ended August 31,
2021 and August 31, 2020. The decrease in expenses was due to reduced legal and accounting fees as the Company streamlined operations.
Consulting expense was 237,500 and 184,062, for the years ended August 31, 2021 and August 31, 2020, respectively. The increase was
primarily due to additional consulting agreements for sales and marketing during the year ended August 31, 2021. Amortization expense
of domain names for the year ended August 31, 2021 and August 31, 2020 was 3,244 and 2,797, respectively. 

Loss on settlement of debt 

On December 24, 2019, the
Company entered into an agreement (the Repayment Agreement with the holder of the amended and restated original issue discount
convertible debenture issued by the Company on November 11, 2019, in the original principal amount of 200,000 (the November 2019
Debenture ). Pursuant to the Repayment Agreement, the Company paid the holder 120,000, and transferred certain URLs valued at 5,282
to the holder, and the November 2019 Debenture was deemed paid in full. The Company recognized a loss on settlement of debt of 89,595
during the year ended August 31, 2020. 

Interest Expense and Amortization of Debt Discount 

Interest expense on promissory
notes for the years ended August 31, 2021 and August 31, 2020 was 0 and 535,688 respectively. The decrease in interest expense was due
to the amortization expense for the warrants and beneficial conversion associated with those notes that had been converted to common stock
or fully amortized during the year ended August 31, 2020. 

Net Loss 

For the reasons stated above,
our net loss for the year ended August 31, 2021 was 965,577, or 0.00 per share, compared to a net loss for the year ended August 31,
2020 of 4,640,806, or 0.04 per share. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

As of August 31, 2021, we
had cash of 11,177. Net cash used in operating activities for the year ended August 31, 2021 was 1,040,965. Our current liabilities
as of August 31, 2021 were 542,762 and consisted of accounts payable and accrued liabilities of 42,228, notes payable- related party
of 534 and a convertible note payable of 500,000. As of August 31, 2020, we had cash of 126,603. Net cash used in operating activities
for the year ended August 31, 2020 was 465,240. The increase in net cash used in operating activities during the year ended August 31,
2021 compared to August 31, 2020 was a result of the Company purchasing new inventory and an increase in prepaid expenses, partially offset
by the increase in accounts payable and accrued liabilities. 

18 

During the year ended August
31, 2021, the Company raised 800,000 from the sale of common stock. During the year ended August 31, 2021 the Company received a total
of 130,534 of loans from our then-Chief Executive Officer. During the year ended August 31, 2020, the Company raised 125,000 from the
sale of common stock. During the year ended August 31, 2020, the Company received a total of 400,000, net of original issue discounts,
from the sale of a convertible note and repaid 120,000. During the year ended August 31, 2020 the Company repurchased 27,500 of common
stock and received 84,000 from the exercise of stock options. 

The financial statements included
in this report have been prepared assuming a continuation of the Company as a going concern. The Company had negative cash flows from
operations for the year ended August 31, 2021 and had a working capital deficit at August 31, 2021. This raises substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. 

We have not generated positive
cash flows from operating activities. Our primary source of capital has been from the sale of equity and convertible debt securities.
Our primary use of capital has been for professional fees and selling, general and administrative costs. We have no committed sources
of capital and will need to raise additional capital to continue and expand our operations. Additional capital may not be available on
terms acceptable to us, or at all. 

In addition, the COVID-19
pandemic may negatively affect our operations, including by limiting access to our facilities, customers, management, and professional
advisors, and by causing delays and constraints in manufacturing and shipping of our products. These factors, in turn, may negatively
impact our operations, financial condition and demand for our products, and our ability to raise capital on acceptable terms, or at all. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

We have no significant off-balance
sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial
condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources. 

Critical accounting policies and estimates 

The preparation of
financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amount
of assets and liabilities, the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses
during the reported periods. The more critical accounting estimates include estimates related to revenue recognition and accounts
receivable allowances. We also have other key accounting policies, which involve the use of estimates, judgments and assumptions
that are significant to understanding our results, which are described below and in Note 1 to our financial statements appearing
elsewhere in this report. 

Accounts Receivable 

Accounts receivable are recorded
at fair value on the date revenue is recognized. The Company provides allowances for doubtful accounts for estimated losses resulting
from the inability of its customers to repay their obligation. If the financial condition of the Company s customers were to deteriorate,
resulting in an impairment of their ability to repay, additional allowances may be required. The Company provides for potential uncollectible
accounts receivable based on specific customer identification and historical collection experience adjusted for existing market conditions.
If market conditions decline, actual collection experience may not meet expectations and may result in decreased cash flows and increased
bad debt expense. 

Inventory 

Inventories are stated at
the lower of cost or net realizable value. Cost is determined by the first-in, first-out basis and net realizable value. Net realizable
value is defined as sales price less cost of completion, disposition and transportation and a normal profit margin. 

Income Taxes 

We utilize the asset and liability
method of accounting for income taxes. We recognize deferred tax liabilities or assets for the expected future tax consequences of temporary
differences between the book and tax basis of assets and liabilities. We regularly assess the likelihood that our deferred tax assets
will be recovered from future taxable income. We consider projected future taxable income and ongoing tax planning strategies in assessing
the amount of the valuation allowance necessary to offset our deferred tax assets that will not be recoverable. We have recorded and continue
to carry a full valuation allowance against our gross deferred tax assets that will not reverse against deferred tax liabilities within
the scheduled reversal period. If we determine in the future that it is more likely than not that we will realize all or a portion of
our deferred tax assets, we will adjust our valuation allowance in the period we make the determination. We expect to provide a full valuation
allowance on our future tax benefits until we can sustain a level of profitability that demonstrates our ability to realize these assets. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures
About Market Risk. 

Not required for smaller reporting
companies. 

Item 8. Financial Statements. 

19 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Board of Directors and Stockholders of: 

Bespoke
Extracts, Inc. 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying balance sheets of Bespoke Extracts, Inc. (the Company as of August 31, 2021 and 2020, the
related statements of operations, changes in stockholders deficit and cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended
August 31, 2021, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial
statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of August 31, 2021 and 2020, and the results
of its operations and its cash flows for the years ended August 31, 2021 and 2020, in conformity with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America. 

Explanatory
Paragraph Going Concern 

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note
1 to the financial statements, the Company has negative cash flows from operations, a working capital deficit and an accumulated deficit.
These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard
to these matters are described in Note 1. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome
of this uncertainty. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal
securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal controls over financial reporting. Accordingly, we
express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error
or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide
a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical
Audit Matters 

The
critical audit matters are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required
to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements
and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter
in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below,
providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. We determined that
there are no critical audit matters. 

/s/
Liggett Webb, P.A. 

We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2019. 

Boynton Beach, Florida 

December
13, 2021 

F- 1 

Bespoke
Extracts, Inc. 

Balance
Sheets 

August 31, 
 August 31, 

2021 
 2020 

Assets 

Current assets 

Cash 

Accounts receivable, net 

Prepaid expense 

Inventory, net 
 
 -

Total current assets 

Furniture and equipment 
 
 -

Domain names, net of amortization of and , respectively 

Total assets 

Liabilities and Stockholders Deficit 

Current liabilities 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Note payable - related party 

Convertible notes 

Total current liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies (Note 7) 
 -
 
 -

Stockholders Deficit 

Preferred stock, par value , shares authorized, share issued and outstanding as of August 31, 2021 and August 31,2020, respectively 
 -
 
 -

Series C Preferred Stock, 0.001 par value, share designated; share issued and outstanding as of August 31, 2021 and August 31, 2020, respectively, stated value . 
 -
 
 -

Common stock, par value: authorized; and shares issued and outstanding as of August 31, 2021 and August 31, 2020, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Common stock payable 
 -

Accumulated deficit 

Total stockholders deficit 

Total liabilities and stockholders deficit 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 2 

Bespoke
Extracts, Inc 

Statements
of Operations 

For
 the year ended 

August
 31, 
 August
 31, 

2021 
 2020 

Sales 

Cost
 of products sold 

Gross
 Profit 

Operating
 expenses: 

Selling,
 general and administrative expenses 

Professional
 fees 

Consulting 

Amortization
 expense of domain name 

Total
 operating expenses 

Loss
 from operations 

Other
 expense 

Loss
 on settlement of debt 
 - 

Interest
 expense and amortization of debt discount 
 - 

Total
 other expense 
 - 

Loss
 before income tax 

Provision
 for income tax 
 - 
 
 - 

Net
 Loss 

WEIGHTED
 AVERAGE COMMON SHARES OUTSTANDING 

Basic
 and Diluted 

LOSS
 PER COMMON SHARE OUTSTANDING 

Basic
 and Diluted 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 3 

Bespoke
Extracts, Inc 

Statements
of Cash Flows 

For the year ended 

August 31, 
 August 31, 

2021 
 2020 
 
 Cash flows from operating activities 

Net Loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities 

Amortization and impairment expense of domain names 

Amortization of debt discounts 
 -

Bad debt expense 
 -

Loss on settlement of debt 

Option and warrant expense 
 -

Common stock issued for services 
 -

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 

Prepaid expense 

Inventory 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Net Cash used in operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities 

Purchase of Url 
 
 -

Purchase of equipment 
 
 -

Net cash used in investing activities 
 
 -

Cash flow from financing activities 

Proceeds from note payable - related party 

Proceeds from the issuance of convertible debt 
 -

Proceeds from exercise of stock options for cash 
 -

Repayment of debt 
 -

Repurchase of common stock 
 -

Sale of common stock 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net (decrease) / increase in cash 

Cash at beginning of year 

Cash at end of year 

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information 

Cash paid for interest 
 -
 
 -

Cash paid for income taxes 
 -
 
 -

Noncash investing and financing activities: 

Discount due beneficial conversion feature 
 - 

Stock issued with convertible debt 
 - 

Stock issued for conversion of debt - related party 
 
 - 
 
 Capital contribution of accrued salary - related party 

Stock issued for common stock payable 
 
 -

Preferred stock issued for the conversion of accrued salary 
 - 

Assignment of URL for settlement of debt 
 - 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 4 

Bespoke
Extracts, Inc 

Statement
of Stockholders Deficit 

For
The Years Ended August 31, 2021 and 2020 

Series
 A 
 Series
 B 
 Series
 C 

Preferred 
 Preferred 
 Preferred 
 Preferred 
 Preferred 
 Preferred 
 Common 
 Common 
 Additional 
 Common 

Shares 
 Par 
 Shares 
 Par 
 Shares 
 Par 
 Shares 
 Par 
 Paid-in 
 Stock 
 Accumulated 

Outstanding 
 Amount 
 Outstanding 
 Amount 
 Outstanding 
 Amount 
 Outstanding 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Payable 
 Deficit 
 Total 

Balance
 August 31, 2019 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

- 

Preferred
 stock issued for the conversion of accrued salary 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 

- 
 
 - 

Sale
 of common stock 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 

- 
 
 - 

Exercise
 of stock options 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 

- 

- 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Common
 stock issued for services 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 

- 

- 
 
 - 

Option
 and warrant expense 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

- 
 
 - 

Common
 stock issued with debt 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 

- 
 
 - 

Repurchase
 of common stock 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 

- 

- 
 
 - 

Exchange
 of preferred stock 
 - 
 - 
 ) 
 ) 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Capital
 contribution of accrued salary - related party 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 

- 
 
 - 

Beneficial
 conversion feature 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

- 
 
 - 

Net
 loss for the year ended August 31, 2020 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Balance
 August 31, 2020 

- 

- 

Series
 A 
 Series
 C 

Preferred 
 Preferred 
 Preferred 
 Preferred 
 Common 
 Common 
 Additional 
 Common 

Shares 
 Par 
 Shares 
 Par 
 Shares 
 Par 
 Paid-in 
 Stock 
 Accumulated 

Outstanding 
 Amount 
 Outstanding 
 Amount 
 Outstanding 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Payable 
 Deficit 
 Total 
 
 Balance
 August 31, 2020 
 - 
 
 - 

- 

Common
 stock for conversion of note payable - related party 
 - 
 - 

- 
 
 - 

Exchange
 of common stock payable 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 

- 
 
 - 

Sale
 of common stock 

- 
 
 - 

Capital
 contribution of accrued salary - related party 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

- 
 
 - 

Net
 loss for the year ended August 31, 2021 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Balance August
 31, 2021 
 - 
 
 - 

- 

- 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 5 

Bespoke Extracts, Inc. 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

August 31, 2021 and 2020 

F- 6 

and , respectively. At August 31, 2021 and
August 31, 2020 included in the accounts receivable is the merchant holdback receivable balance of and , respectively which
will be remitted to the Company in the future. 

and , respectively, which consisted of finished goods of , and raw materials of net
of reserves. During the year ended August 31, 2021 the Company adjusted the reserves by for products sold. As of August 31, 2021
and August 31, 2020 inventory reserves were and , respectively. 

and , respectively. 

warrants and options as well as shares issuable upon the
conversion of a convertible note are anti-dilutive for the year ended August 31, 2021. The dilutive effect of options and warrants and
their equivalent is computed by application of the treasury stock method and the effect of convertible securities by the if converted 
method. The effect of warrants and options is anti-dilutive for the year ended August 31, 2020 as well as 
shares issuable upon the conversion of a convertible note. 

F- 7 

against our net deferred tax assets. 

in cash and shares of the Company s common stock valued at . During the year ended August 31, 2020, the Company
transferred certain URLs valued at to an unrelated party and impaired leaving a balance of of URL s. The domain
names are being amortized over a year period. During the year ended August 31, 2021, the Company recorded an amortization expense of
 . During the year ended August 31, 2020, the Company recorded an impairment expense of for the expired domain names. During
the year ended August 31, 2020, the Company recorded an amortization expense of . 

F- 8 

, to Danil Pollack, the Company s then-chief executive officer. The note did not bear interest. On November 10, 2020,
the Company entered into an exchange agreement with Mr. Pollack. Pursuant to the exchange agreement, Mr. Pollack exchanged the note for
 shares of common stock of the Company. 

that was non-interest bearing and payable upon demand. . 

The Company s obligation to repay the debenture upon maturity was
secured by a security interest in the Company s URLs pursuant to a security agreement between the Company and the investor. 

The amortization of debt discount of was recorded during the year ended
August 31, 2020. The Company recognized a loss on settlement of debt of , during the year ended August 31, 2020. 

, for a purchase price of . The Company also
issued to the investor shares of common stock valued at per share). The Company recorded beneficial conversion
of due to the conversion feature. The debenture could not be converted to common stock to the extent such conversion would result
in the holder beneficially owning of the Company s outstanding common stock. The debenture had an original maturity
date of and was convertible into shares of common stock of the Company at an initial conversion price of , except
that, if the Company failed to repay the debenture upon maturity, the conversion price would be reduced to (subject to adjustment
for stock splits, stock dividends, and similar transactions) and the debenture would bear interest at the rate of 9 per year. The Company s
obligation to repay the debenture upon maturity was initially secured by a security interest in the Company s inventory pursuant
to a security agreement between the Company and the investor. For the year ended August 31, 2020 the Company recorded amortization of
debt discount of . A portion of the debenture was subsequently sold by the original purchaser to a third party. On April 23, 2020,
the Company entered into an amendment to the security agreement with the holders of the debentures. Pursuant to the security agreement
amendment, the collateral under the security agreement was amended to be the Company s URLs. The Company also also entered into
six amendments to the debentures, including to increase the conversion price to , and to extend the maturity date, including an amendment
entered into on August 2, 2021, to extend the maturity date to August 31, 2021. In September 2021, a debenture holder converted 
into shares of common stock at a price of per share. In connection with a stock purchase agreement, dated October 28,
2021, all amounts due and payable under the remaining outstanding debenture were forgiven pursuant to a cancellation and satisfaction
of debenture agreement entered into between the Company and the debenture holder (the Debt Cancellation Agreement ). In exchange
for cancellation of the debt owed under the debenture, the Company transferred to the holder certain domain names and agreed to pay the
holder, beginning December 1, 2021, and on a monthly basis through August 31, 2022, 40 of the operating profit generated from sale of
the existing CBD inventory of the Company (the Inventory Earn Out ), and on August 31, 2022, to make a final payment equal
to an amount of minus the total of the monthly payments made under the Inventory Earn Out. 

F- 9 

shares of common stock with a par value of , and shares of preferred stock with a par value of
 . On October 2, 2020, No shares of Series A Preferred Stock are issued and
outstanding as of August 31, 2020 and August 31, 2021 respectively. The Company s Certificate of Designation of Series B Preferred
Stock was withdrawn by the Company on June 30, 2020. share of preferred stock is designated Series C Preferred Stock and is issued and
outstanding as of August 31, 2020 and August 31, 2021, respectively. The Series C Preferred Stock has a stated value of and entitles
the holder to of the total voting power of the Company s stockholders. The Company may, in its sole discretion, redeem the Series
C Preferred Stock at any time for a redemption price equal to the stated value. Upon payment of the redemption price by the Company, the
Series C Preferred Stock will revert to the status of authorized but unissued preferred stock. 

As of August 31, 2020, On
January 5, 2021, the Company issued the shares of common stock. 

. 

F- 10 

shares of common stock pursuant to a consulting agreement valued at per share). 

, for a purchase price of . The Company also
issued to the investor shares of common stock valued at per share). 

and entitles the holder to of the total voting power of the Company s stockholders. The
Company may, in its sole discretion, redeem the Series C Preferred Stock at any time for a redemption price equal to the stated value.
The Series C Preferred Stock has a liquidation preference equal to the stated value, does not provide the holder with any dividend rights
and is not convertible to common stock. On April 16, 2020, 

that was non-interest bearing and payable upon demand. of this amount was subsequently
deemed to be consideration for shares of common stock the Company issued to Mr. Pollack on January 6, 2021. 

shares of common stock for an aggregate purchase price of . 

shares of common stock for an aggregate purchase price of . 

shares of common stock for an aggregate purchase price of . 

F- 11 

due to a remeasurement of this nonemployee award. The
warrants may be exercised on a cashless basis. During the year ended August 31, 2020 the Company recognized a gain of 1,905) due
to a remeasurement of this nonemployee awards. 

Unamortized expense at August 31, 2020 is . 

Granted 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Canceled or expires 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Exercised 
 -
 
 -

Outstanding at August 31, 2020 

years 
 
 Granted 
 -
 
 -

Canceled or expired 

Exercised 
 -
 
 -

Outstanding at August 31, 2021 

years 
 
 Exercisable at August 31, 2021 

years 
 
 Intrinsic value at August 31, 2021 
 
 -

During the year ended August 31, 2021, the remaining stock options expired. 

F- 12 

years 
 
 Granted 

Canceled or expired 

Exercised 

Outstanding at August 31, 2020 

years 
 
 Granted 
 - 
 - 

Canceled or expired 

Exercised 
 - 
 - 

Outstanding at August 31, 2021 
 - 
 - 

Exercisable at August 31, 2021 
 -
 
 -

Expected stock price volatility 

Expected dividend payout 
 -

Expected life (in years) 
 . 

See Note
5. 

See Note 5. 

On November 2, 2021, effective July 1, 2021 Mr. Pollack waived all compensation owed to him by the
Company as of such date through the date of his resignation as the Company s chief executive officer. See Note 5. 

F- 13 

. 

in exchange for the right to retain all shares of common stock of the Company Ms. Noel
had acquired upon exercise of warrants, notwithstanding provisions of the warrant agreement that would have required her to return certain
shares to the Company in the event of her resignation. 

, to Danil Pollack, the Company s then-chief executive officer. Upon execution of the note,
 120,000 was remitted and the remaining 30,000 was paid on September 22, 2020. The note did not bear interest and had a maturity date
of November 30, 2020. On November 10, 2020, the Company entered into an exchange agreement with Mr. Pollack. Pursuant to the exchange
agreement, Mr. Pollack exchanged the promissory note for shares of common stock of the Company. 

. On April 27, 2021, the Company
entered into an amendment to the Company s employment agreement with Mr. Pollack. Pursuant to the amendment, the Company agreed
to pay Mr. Pollack an annual salary of effective April 1, 2021. The Company could also in its discretion pay additional compensation
to Mr. Pollack at any time as a bonus. 

that was non-interest bearing and payable upon demand. of this amount was subsequently
deemed to be consideration for shares of common stock the Company issued to Mr. Pollack on January 6, 2021. 

per share (or common stock equivalents with an exercise price less than per share) during the six month period
following the closing of the purchase agreement, in which event the Company was required to issue additional shares to the purchaser for
no additional consideration, such that the total number of common stock received by the purchaser would be equal to divided by
lower financing price. As of August 31, 2020, the Company was obligated to issue shares of common stock
valued at which is included in the common stock payable in the accompanying balance sheet. On January 5, 2021, the Company issued
 shares of common stock. 

F- 14 

. On April 27, 2021, the Company
entered into an amendment to the Company s employment agreement with Mr. Pollack. Pursuant to the amendment, the Company agreed
to pay Mr. Pollack an annual salary of effective April 1, 2021. The Company may also in its discretion pay additional compensation
to Mr. Pollack at any time as a bonus. Mr. Pollack elected to forgive of salary during the year ended August 31, 2021, the amount
was recorded as a capital contribution. 

per month. 

per month, for such quarter, the Company would issue to Mr. Rozen shares of common stock; or (ii) if the Company s average sales were at least per month for such quarter, the Company would issue to Mr. Rozen shares of common stock; 

per month for such quarter, the Company would issue to Mr. Rozen shares of common stock, or (ii) if the Company s average sales were at least per month for such quarter, the Company would issue to Mr. Rozen shares of common stock, and would increase Mr. Rozen s fee to per month effective commencing at the end such quarter; 

per month, for such quarter, the Company would issue to Mr. Rozen shares of common stock, or (ii) if the Company s average sales were at least per month, for such quarter, the Company would issue to Mr. Rozen shares of common stock; and 

per month, for such quarter, the Company would issue to Mr. Rozen shares of common stock; or (ii) if the Company s average sales were at least per month, for such quarter, the Company would issue to Mr. Rozen shares of common stock, and would increase Mr. Rozen s fee to per month effective commencing at the end such quarter. 

F- 15 

of total accounts receivable. During the years ended August 31, 2021 and August 31, 2020 no individual customer
amounted to over of total sales. 

and against its net deferred taxes is necessary
as of August 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

of U.S. net operating loss carryforwards remaining, which expire beginning in
2032. At August 31, 2021 and August 31, 2020, the Company had approximately and , respectively that can be
carried forward indefinitely. 

Change in tax rate estimate 
 -
 
 -

Permanent differences 

Change in valuation allowance 

-
 
 -

Bad debt expense 

Net operating loss carryforward 

Total deferred tax assets 

Valuation allowance 

Total net deferred tax assets 
 -
 
 -

F- 16 

Non-deductible expenses and other 

Change in valuation allowance 

Benefit from income taxes 
 -
 
 -

of a convertible debenture into shares of common stock at a price of per share. 

shares of
the common stock of the Company and share of Series C preferred stock of the Company for cash consideration of .
The Series C Preferred Stock Infinity acquired represents of the voting power of the Company s capital stock, and therefore
the transaction resulted in a change-in-control of the Company. 

to cover payment of the amounts due to certain creditors of the Company, as
set forth in the purchase agreement. 

Monthly rent under the Lease
will start at . 

. The loan does not bear interest and is payable on demand. 

. The
loan does not bear interest and is payable on demand. 

F- 17 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants
on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 

None. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 

Evaluation of Disclosure and Control Procedures 

Management of the Company
conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures (as such term is defined in Rule
13a-15(e) and Rule 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act pursuant to Rule 13a-15
under the as of the end of the period covered by this report. The Company s disclosure controls and procedures are designed
to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded,
processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission s (the SEC rules and forms and that such information is accumulated and communicated to management, including our principal executive and principal
financial officer, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Based on this evaluation,
management concluded that the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures are not effective due to the following material
weaknesses: 

Our chief executive officer
also functions as our principal financial officer. As a result, our officer may not be able to identify errors and irregularities
in the financial statements and reports. 

We were unable to maintain full
segregation of duties within our financial operations due to our reliance on limited personnel in the finance function. While this
control deficiency did not result in any audit adjustments to our financial statements, it could have resulted in a material misstatement
that might have been prevented or detected by a segregation of duties. 

Documentation of all proper
accounting procedures is not yet complete. 

Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Our management is responsible
for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act).
Our internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial
reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes of accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States. 

Our internal control over
financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail,
accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions
are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in
the United States of America, and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations
of management and directors of the Company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized
acquisition, use, or disposition of the Company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. Our
management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of August 31, 2021 based on
the criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway
Commission (2013). 

20 

A material weakness is defined
within the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board s Auditing Standard No. 5 as a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies,
in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the Company s
annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 

In conducting his evaluation,
our officer noted the following material weaknesses in our internal controls over financial reporting: 

While certain accounting procedures
have been adopted, compliance with such procedures has been inconsistent. 

The board of directors has not
established an Audit Committee. Accordingly, the entire board, rather than an independent body, has reviewed our financial statements. 

Segregation procedures could
be improved by strengthening cross approval of various functions, including cash disbursements and internal audit procedures where appropriate. 

As a result of these deficiencies
in our internal controls, our officer concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was not effective. 

To the extent reasonably possible
given our limited resources, we intend to take measures to cure the aforementioned weaknesses, including, but not limited to, increasing
the capacity of our qualified financial personnel to ensure that accounting policies and procedures are consistent across the organization
and that we have adequate control over financial statement disclosures. 

This annual report does not
include an attestation report of the Company s independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial
reporting. The Company s internal control over financial reporting was not subject to attestation by the Company s independent
registered public accounting firm pursuant to rules of the SEC that permit the Company to provide only management s report in this
annual report. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There were no changes in our
internal control over financial reporting, as defined in Rules 13a-15(t) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act, during the fourth quarter
of the fiscal year ended August 31, 2021 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control
over financial reporting. 

Item 9B. Other Information. 

None. 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent
Inspections. 

Not applicable. 

21 

PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers, and
Corporate Governance. 

Our executive officers and directors are as follows: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Title 
 
 Michael Feinsod 
 
 50 
 
 Chief Executive Office and Chairman of the Board of Directors 
 
 Hunter Garth 
 
 32 
 
 Chief Strategy Officer and Director 

Michael Feinsod has
served as our chief executive officer and chairman since November 2021. Mr. Feinsod is the managing member of Infinity Capital, LLC, an
investment management company he founded in 1999. Mr. Feinsod was executive chairman of the board of General Cannabis from August
2014 through July 2020, and was a director of The Kingstone Companies, Inc. from 2008 through June 2015. From 2006 through 2013,
he served in various executive positions at Ameritrans Capital Corporation, a business development company. Mr. Feinsod served as
a director of Ameritrans from December 2005 until July 2013 and served as a director of its subsidiary, Elk Associates Funding
Corporation, from December 2005 until April 2013. Previously, Mr. Feinsod served as an investment analyst and portfolio
manager at Mark Boyar Company, Inc. He is admitted to practice law in New York and served as an associate in the Corporate Law Department
of Paul, Hastings, Janofsky Walker LLP. Mr. Feinsod holds a J.D. from Fordham University School of Law and a B.A. from George
Washington University. We believe that Mr. Feinsod s corporate finance, legal and executive-level experience, as well as his
service on the boards of other public companies, give him the qualifications and skills to serve as one of our directors. 

Hunter Garth 
has served as our chief strategy officer and director and director since November 2021. Mr Garth was most recently was the vice president
of corporate development for General Cannabis Corporation from January 2019 to July 2020, a position in which he was responsible for developing
and sourcing M A activity in the cannabis industry. Prior to that, he was the managing director of Iron Protection Group, a security
company that he founded in 2013 and sold in March 2015 to General Cannabis Corporation. Mr. Garth served in the U.S. Marine Corps from
October 2008 to October 2012 in multiple roles, including infantry squad leader and instructor with the USMC Special Operations Training
Group. Mr. Garth attended the University of West Florida. We believe that Mr. Garth s industry and management-level experience
qualifies him to serve as one of our directors. 

Terms of Office 

Our directors are appointed
for one year terms in accordance with our charter documents and hold office until the earlier of (i) the next annual meeting of our shareholders,
(ii) until they are removed from the board or (iii) until they resign. 

Family Relationships 

None. 

Involvement in Certain Legal Proceedings 

During the past ten years,
none of our current directors or executive officers has been: 

the subject of any bankruptcy
petition filed by or against any business of which such person was a general partner or executive officer either at the time of the bankruptcy
or within two years prior to that time; 

convicted in a criminal proceeding
or is subject to a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor offenses); 

subject to any order, judgment,
or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction or any Federal or State authority,
permanently or temporarily enjoining, barring, suspending or otherwise limiting his involvement in any type of business, securities or
banking activities; 

22 

found by a court of competent
jurisdiction (in a civil action), the Commission or the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have violated a federal or state securities
or commodities law. 

the subject of, or a party to,
any Federal or State judicial or administrative order, judgment, decree, or finding, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated,
relating to an alleged violation of (a) any Federal or State securities or commodities law or regulation; (b) any law or regulation respecting
financial institutions or insurance companies including, but not limited to, a temporary or permanent injunction, order of disgorgement
or restitution, civil money penalty or temporary or permanent cease-and-desist order, or removal or prohibition order; or (c) any law
or regulation prohibiting mail or wire fraud or fraud in connection with any business entity; or 

the subject of, or a party to,
any sanction or order, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any self-regulatory organization (as defined in Section 3(a)(26)
of the Exchange Act (15 U.S.C. 78c(a)(26))), any registered entity (as defined in Section 1(a)(29) of the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C.
1(a)(29))), or any equivalent exchange, association, entity or organization that has disciplinary authority over its members or persons
associated with a member. 

Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports 

Section 16(a) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, requires the Company s officers and directors, and certain persons who own more than 10 of a
registered class of the Company s equity securities (collectively, Reporting Persons ), to file reports of ownership
and changes in ownership Section 16 Reports with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). Based
solely on its review of the copies of such Section 16 Reports received by the Company, all Section 16(a) filing requirements applicable
to the Reporting Persons during and with respect to the fiscal year ended August 31, 2021 were complied with on a timely basis, except
that a Form 3 was not filed by Yaniv Rozen. 

Board Committees 

We have not established any
committees of the board of directors due to the small size of the Company and the board. We do not have an audit committee financial expert
because we do not have the resources to retain one. 

Stockholder Communication with the Board of
Directors 

Stockholders may send communications
to our board of directors by writing to Bespoke Extracts, Inc., 323 Sunny Isles Blvd., Suite 700, Sunny Isles, Florida, 33160, Attention:
Chief Executive Officer. 

Code of Ethics 

The Company has adopted a
Code of Ethics that applies to the Company s chief executive officer. Any person may obtain a copy of our Code of Ethics, without
charge, by mailing a request to the Company at the address appearing on the front page of this Annual Report on Form 10-K or by viewing
it on our website found at www.bespokeextracts.com. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation . 

The following table summarizes
all compensation to our chief executive officers during the years ended August 31, 2021 and August 31, 2020. Our chief executive officer
is our only named executive officer for whom compensation disclosure is required. 

23 

Name
 and Principal Position (a) 
 Year (b) 
 Salary (c) 
 Bonus (d) 
 Stock Awards (e) 
 Option Awards (f) 
 Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation (g) 
 Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Earnings (h) 
 All Other Compensation (i) 
 Total (j) 
 
 Danil Pollack 
 2021 
 44,500 

-- 

44,500 
 
 Former CEO, President (1) 
 2020 
 
 -- 
 -- 
 1,416,571 (3) 
 
 -- 
 -- 
 1,416,571 

Niquana Noel 
 2021 
 -- 

-- 

-- 
 
 Former CEO and President(2) 
 2020 
 
 -- 
 -- 
 2,055,748 (4) 
 -- 
 -- 
 20,000 
 2,075,748 

(1) Mr. Pollack was appointed as
president and chief executive officer of the Company on April 21, 2020 and resigned on November 19, 2021. 

(2) Ms. Noel was appointed as president
and chief executive officer of the Company on October 30, 2018 and served until April 21, 2020. 

(3) Pursuant to Mr. Pollack s
employment agreement, he was granted the right, for a period of six months, to purchase up to 100,000,000 shares of common stock for
a purchase price of 0.001 per share. The Company recognized an expense of 1,416,975 during the year ended August 31, 2020. 

(4) Pursuant to Ms. Noel s
employment agreement, she received a warrant to purchase up to 20,000,000 shares of Common Stock at an exercise price of 0.0001 per
share. Ms. Noel exercised the warrant and was issued the 20,000,000 shares on October 31, 2018. The fair value of this award was determined
to be 2,598,138, of which 2,055,748 was recognized during the fiscal year ended August 31, 2020. 

Employment Agreements 

On April 21, 2020, the Company
entered into an employment agreement with Danil Pollack, and on September 30, 2020, and April 27, 2021, the employment agreement was amended.
Pursuant to the employment agreement, Mr. Pollack was to serve as the Company s chief executive officer and president for a period
of one year, which term will renew automatically for successive one year terms, subject to the right of either party to terminate the
agreement at any time upon written notice. Pursuant to the employment agreement, as amended, the Company agreed to pay Mr. Pollack an
annual salary of 66,000, and Mr. Pollack was granted the right, for a period of six months, to purchase up to 100,000,000 shares of common
stock for a purchase price of 0.001 per share. Mr. Pollack resigned from all positions with the Company on November 19, 2021. 

Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End 

None. 

Compensation of Directors 

No director of the Company
received any compensation for serving as director of the Company during the year ended August 31, 2021. 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial
Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 

The following table sets forth
information known to us relating to the beneficial ownership of our common stock as of December 13, 2021 by: 

(1) each person who is known by
us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of our outstanding voting stock; 

(2) each named executive officer
and director; and 

(3) all named executive officers
and directors as a group. 

24 

Unless otherwise indicated, the
business address of each person listed is care of Bespoke Extracts, Inc., at 2590 Walnut St., Denver, CO 80205. The percentages in the
table are based on 251,889,621 shares of common stock outstanding as of December 13, 2021, and have been calculated on the basis of treating
as outstanding for a particular person, all shares of our common stock outstanding on that date and all shares of our common stock issuable
to that holder in the event of exercise of outstanding options, warrants, rights or conversion privileges owned by that person at that
date which are exercisable within 60 days of December 13, 2021. Except as otherwise indicated, the persons listed below have sole voting
and investment power with respect to all shares of our common stock owned by them. 

Amount of 

Beneficial 
 Percent of 
 
 Name of Beneficial Owner 
 Ownership 
 Class 
 
 Executive Officers and Directors: 

Michael Feinsod (1) 
 50,000,000 
 19.8 
 
 Hunter Garth 
 0 
 -- 
 
 Officers and Directors as a group (2 persons): 
 50,000,000 
 19.8 
 
 5 Holders: 

Danil Pollack (2) 
 76,000,000 
 30.2 
 
 Infinity Management, LLC (1) 
 50,000,000 
 19.8 
 
 McGlothlin Holdings, Ltd. (3) 
 14,562,667 
 5.8 

(1) Represents shares held by Infinity Management, LLC Infinity ).
The managing member of Infinity is Michael Feinsod. He has voting and dispositive power of these shares. Infinity also owns our 1 outstanding
share of Series C Preferred Stock, which entitles the holder to 51 of the voting power of the Company s stockholders. 

(2) Mr. Pollack s address is 8750 Jane Street, Unit 4B, Concord,
ON Canada L4K 2M9 

(3) McGlothlin Holdings, Ltd. s address is PO Box 590, Luling,
TX 78649. Mr. Stan McGlothlin holds voting and dispositive power over these shares. Share information for this stockholder is derived
from a Schedule 13D filed by it on June 26, 2019. 

Equity Compensation Plan Information. 

None. 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related
Transactions, and Director Independence. 

Certain Relationships and Related Transactions. 

On October 3, 2019, the Company
entered into a letter agreement with Niquana Noel, the Company s then-chief executive officer. Pursuant to the agreement, Ms. Noel
exchanged 24,000 in accrued but unpaid compensation owed to her by the Company for one share of newly created Series B Preferred Stock
of the Company. 

On March 25, 2020, the Company
entered into a letter agreement with Niquana Noel. Pursuant to the agreement, Ms. Noel exchanged one share of Series B Preferred Stock
of the Company for one share of newly created Series C Preferred Stock of the Company. 

On April 20, 2020, the Company
entered into a letter agreement with Niquana Noel. Pursuant to the letter agreement, Ms. Noel waived any and all accrued but unpaid compensation
owed to her in exchange for the right to retain all 20,000,000 shares of common stock of the Company Ms. Noel had acquired upon exercise
of warrants, notwithstanding provisions of the warrant agreement that would have required her to return certain shares to the Company
in the event of her resignation. 

25 

From June 2020 to August 2020,
the Company issued and sold to Danil Pollack, the Company s then-chief executive officer, an aggregate of 84,000,000 shares of common
stock, for a purchase price of 0.001 per share, upon exercise of the right to purchase granted to Mr. Pollack under Mr. Pollack s
employment agreement (see Executive Compensation ). 

On August 31, 2020, the Company
issued a promissory note in the principal amount of 150,000, to Danil Pollack. Upon execution of the note, 120,000 was remitted and
the remaining 30,000 was paid on September 22, 2020. The note did not bear interest and had a maturity date of November 30, 2020. This
note was subsequently exchanged for 15,000,000 shares of common stock, as described below. 

On November 10, 2020, the
Company entered into an exchange agreement with Danil Pollack. Pursuant to the exchange agreement, Mr. Pollack exchanged an outstanding
promissory note of the Company in the outstanding principal amount of 150,000 for 15,000,000 newly issued shares of common stock of the
Company. 

On November 30, 2020, the
Company entered into a securities purchase agreement with Danil Pollack. Pursuant to the agreement, the Company issued and sold to Mr.
Pollack 20,000,000 shares of common stock for an aggregate purchase price of 200,000. 

On January 21, 2021, the Company
entered into a securities purchase agreement with Danil Pollack. Pursuant to the purchase agreement, the Company issued and sold to Mr.
Pollack 2,000,000 shares of common stock for an aggregate purchase price of 100,000. 

On November 2, 2021, Danil
Pollack waived all compensation owed to him by the Company as of such date through the date of his resignation as the Company s
chief executive officer. 

On November 29, 2021, Michael Feinsod, the Company s
chief executive officer, loaned the Company 25,000. The loan does not bear interest and is payable on demand. 

On December 3, 2021, Michael Feinsod loaned the Company 15,000. The
loan does not bear interest and is payable on demand. 

Director Independence . 

Neither of our directors is
independent as defined under Nasdaq listing standards. 

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 

The following table shows
the fees that were billed to the Company by its independent auditor, Liggett Webb, P.A. for professional services rendered in 2020
and 2021. 

Fiscal Year 
 Audit Fees 
 Audit- Related Fees 
 Tax Fees 
 All Other Fees 
 
 2020 Liggett Webb, P.A. 
 30,000 
 - 
 4,000 
 - 
 
 2021 - Liggett Webb, P.A. 
 31,000 
 - 
 750 
 - 

Audit fees. Audit fees represent fees
for professional services performed by for the audit of our annual financial statements and the review of our quarterly financial statements,
as well as services that are normally provided in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements. 

Audit-related fees. Audit-related
fees represent fees for assurance and related services performed that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review
of our financial statements. 

Tax Fees. Liggett Webb, P.A.
received 750 and 4,000 for providing tax services relating to preparation of certain tax returns for us during the year ended August
31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

All other fees. Liggett Webb,
P.A., did not receive any other fees from us for the years ended August 31, 2021 or 2020. 

The board of directors serves
as the audit committee of the Company. All audit and non-audit services are pre-approved by the board of directors, which considers, among
other things, the possible effect of the performance of such services on the auditors independence. The board of directors has
considered the role of Liggett Webb, P.A. in providing services to us for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2021 and has concluded
that such services are compatible with Liggett Webb, P.A. s independence as the Company s independent registered
public accounting firm. 

26 

PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules. 

(a) 

(1) Our financial statements are listed on page F-1 of this annual
report. 

(2) Financial statement schedules: None. 

(b) Exhibits. 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description 
 
 3.1 
 
 Articles of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to Form 10-SB filed August 10, 2007) 
 
 3.2 
 
 Articles and Certificates of Merger (incorporated by reference to Form 10-SB filed August 10, 2007) 
 
 3.3 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to 8-K filed March 19, 2012) 
 
 3.4 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to 8-K filed March 5, 2014) 
 
 3.5 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to 8-K filed December 3, 2015) 
 
 3.6 
 
 Articles of Merger (incorporated by reference to 8-K filed March 10, 2017) 
 
 3.7 
 
 Certificate of Designation of Series A Preferred Stock (incorporated by reference to 8-K filed June 14, 2012) 
 
 3.8 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to 8-K filed October 7, 2020) 
 
 3.9 
 
 Certificate of Designation of Series C Preferred Stock (incorporated by reference to 8-K filed March 26, 2020) 
 
 3.10 
 
 Bylaws (incorporated by reference to Form 10-SB filed August 10, 2007) 
 
 4.1 
 
 Description of Registrant s Securities (incorporated by reference to 10-K filed December 18, 2020) 
 
 10.1 
 
 Asset Purchase Agreement, dated December 2, 2021, between Bespoke Extracts Colorado, LLC and WonderLeaf, LLC (incorporated by reference to 8-K filed December 8, 2021) 
 
 10.2 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to Asset Purchase Agreement between Bespoke Extracts Colorado, LLC and WonderLeaf, LLC (incorporated by reference to 8-K filed December 8, 2021) 
 
 10.3 
 
 Lease, dated December 2, 2021, between Bespoke Extracts Colorado, LLC and WL Holdings, Ltd. (incorporated by reference to 8-K filed December 8, 2021) 
 
 14.1 
 
 Code of Ethics (incorporated by reference to 10-K filed December 14, 2018) 
 
 21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries: Bespoke Extracts Colorado, LLC (Colorado) 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 101 
 
 Inline XBRL Document Set for the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes in Part II, Item
8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 104 
 
 Inline XBRL for the cover page of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, included in the Exhibit 101 Inline XBRL
Document Set. 

Filed herewith 

Furnished herewith. 

27 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements
of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

BESPOKE EXTRACTS, INC. 

Dated: December 13, 2021 
 By: 
 /s/ Michael Feinsod 

Michael Feinsod 

Chief Executive Officer 
 (principal executive officer, 
 principal financial officer and 
 principal accounting officer) 

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in
the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

SIGNATURE 
 
 TITLE 
 
 DATE 

/s/ Michael Feinsod 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 
 December 13, 2021 

Michael Feinsod 

(principal executive, financial and accounting officer) 

/s/ Hunter Garth 
 
 Director 
 
 December 13, 2021 

Hunter Garth 

28 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 f10k2021ex31-1_bespoke.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPLE EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

I, Michael Feinsod, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Bespoke
Extracts, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under
which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other
financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I
are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e))
and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) designed such disclosure controls
and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information
relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly
during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) designed such internal control
over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) evaluated the effectiveness
of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of
the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) disclosed in this report any
change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal
quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely
to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I
have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) all significant deficiencies
and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely
affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) any fraud, whether or not material,
that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated: December 13, 2021 
 By: 
 /s/ Michael Feinsod 

Michael Feinsod 

Chief Executive Officer 
 (principal executive and financial officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 3
 f10k2021ex32-1_bespoke.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual
Report of Bespoke Extracts, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2021 as filed with
the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Michael Feinsod, Chief Executive Officer of the
Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section
13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents,
in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: December 13, 2021 
 /s/ Michael Feinsod 

Michael Feinsod 

Chief Executive Officer 
 (principal executive and financial officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 4
 bspk-20210831.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 5
 bspk-20210831_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 6
 bspk-20210831_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 7
 bspk-20210831_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 8
 bspk-20210831_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

