<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20211214_10-K_edgar_data_827876_0001663577-21-000668.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>11964329</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>518501</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1716313</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3994715</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2268477</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3102230</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>13</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001663577-21-000668.hdr.sgml : 20211214
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20211214171543
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001663577-21-000668
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		112
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20210930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20211214
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20211214

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			CLEANSPARK, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000827876
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-COMPUTER INTEGRATED SYSTEMS DESIGN [7373]
		IRS NUMBER:				870449945
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0930

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39187
		FILM NUMBER:		211491909

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2370 CORPORATE CIRCLE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 160
		CITY:			HENDERSON
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89074
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(702) 941-8047

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2370 CORPORATE CIRCLE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 160
		CITY:			HENDERSON
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89074

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	STRATEAN INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20141201

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	SMARTDATA CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19880120

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001663577-21-000668.txt : 20211214

10-K
 1
 clsk10k.htm

UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from _________ to ________ 

Commission file number : 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, 
 , 

(Address of principal executive offices) 
 (Zip Code) 

Registrants telephone number, including area code:

Securities registered
pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class 

Trading 
 Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange 
 on which registered 

Securities registered
pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: N/A 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known
seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. [X] No [ ] 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports
pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes [ ] [X] 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports
required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter
period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 

 [X] No [ ] 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically
every Interactive Data File required to be 

 submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (232.405 of this chapter)
during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). [X] No [ ] 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer,
an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large
accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange
Act. 

Accelerated
 Filer 
 
 Non-accelerated Filer 
 
 Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant
has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant
to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. [ ] 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and
attestation to its management s assessment of 

 the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under
Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit
report. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined
in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). 

 Yes [ ] [X] 

The aggregate market value of the common stock held by non-affiliates as
of March 31, 2021 (the last business day of the registrants most recently completed second fiscal quarter), was approximately 
based on the per share closing price as of March 31, 2021 quoted on the Nasdaq Capital Market for the registrant s common stock,
which was . 

As of December 14, 20 21, there were share s
of common stock outstanding. 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

Certain portions of the registrant s definitive
proxy statement to be delivered to its shareholders in connection with the registrant s 2022 Annual Meeting of Shareholders are
incorporated by reference into Part III of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Such definitive proxy statement will be filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission within 120 days after the end of the fiscal year covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

1 

 Table of Contents 

CLEANSPARK, INC. 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 Form 10-K for the Fiscal Year Ended 

 September 30, 2021 

Page 
 
 PART
 I 

Item
 1. 
 Business 
 4 
 
 Item
 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 11 
 
 Item
 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 32 
 
 Item
 2. 
 Properties 
 32 
 
 Item
 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 33 
 
 Item
 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 33 

PART
 II 

Item
 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 34 
 
 Item
 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 34 
 
 Item
 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 35 
 
 Item
 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 42 
 
 Item
 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 42 
 
 Item
 9. 
 Changes In and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 43 
 
 Item
 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 43 
 
 Item
 9B. 
 Other Information 
 45 

PART
 III 

Item
 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 45 
 
 Item
 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 45 
 
 Item
 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 45 
 
 Item
 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 45 
 
 Item
 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 45 

PART
 IV 

Item
 15. 
 Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules 
 46 

2 

 Table of Contents 

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains certain statements
that are, or may be deemed to be, forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended
(the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ).
These forward-looking statements may include terminology such as aim, anticipate, assume, believe, 
 contemplate, continue, could, due, estimate, expect, 
 goal, intend, may, objective, plan, predict, potential, 
 positioned, seek, should, target, will, would, and
other similar expressions that are predictions of or indicate future events and future trends, or the negative of these terms or comparable
terminations. These forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding future operating results, potential
risks pertaining to these future operating results, future plans or prospects, anticipated benefits of proposed (or future) acquisitions,
dispositions and new facilities, growth, the capabilities and capacities of business operations, any financial or other guidance, expected
capital expenditures and all statements that are not based on historical fact, but rather reflect our current expectations concerning
future results and events. These forward-looking statements are based on management s current expectations, estimates, forecasts,
and projections about our business and the industry in which we operate, as well as the economy, trends and other future conditions, and
are subject to significant risks and uncertainties, and are subject to changes based on various factors, some of which are beyond our
control. Therefore, we can give no assurance that the results implied by these forward-looking statements will be realized. Furthermore,
the inclusion of forward-looking information should not be regarded as a representation by the Company or any other person that future
events, plans or expectations contemplated by the Company will be achieved. The following important factors, among others, could affect
future results and events, causing those results and events to differ materially from those expressed or implied in our forward-looking
statements: 

our ability to achieve profitability, and to maintain profitability, in the future; 

high volatility in the value attributable to our business; 

the rapidly changing regulatory and legal environment in which we operate, may lead to unknown future
 challenges to operating our business or which may subject our business to added costs and/or uncertainty regarding the ability to operate; 

our ability to keep pace with technology changes and competitive conditions; 

our ability to execute on our business strategy; and 

other risks and uncertainties related to our business plan and business strategy. 

For a further list and description of various risks,
factors and uncertainties that could cause future results or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied in our forward-looking
statements, see the Risk Factors and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations sections
contained in this document, and any subsequent reports on Form 10-Q and Form 8-K, and other filings we make with the Securities and Exchange
Commission SEC ). Given these risks and uncertainties, the reader should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking
statements. 

All forward-looking statements included in this Annual
Report on Form 10-K are made only as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and we do not undertake any obligation to publicly
update or correct any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances that subsequently occur, or of which we hereafter
become aware. You should read this document completely and with the understanding that our actual future results or events may be materially
different from what we expect. All forward-looking statements attributable to us are expressly qualified by these cautionary statements. 

Information regarding market and industry statistics
contained in this report is included based on information available to us that we believe is accurate. It is generally based on industry
and other publications that are not produced for purposes of securities filings or economic analysis. Forecasts and other forward-looking
information obtained from these sources are subject to the same qualifications and the additional uncertainties accompanying any estimates
of future market size, revenue and market acceptance of products and services. We do not undertake any obligation to publicly update any
forward-looking statements. As a result, investors should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. 

3 

 Table of Contents 

PART I 

Item 1. Business 

As used in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the terms
 we, us, our, the Company, CleanSpark, Inc. and CleanSpark 
mean CleanSpark, Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries, unless otherwise indicated. 

Overview 

 CleanSpark, Inc. is
a leading bitcoin mining and diversified energy company incorporated in Nevada, whose common stock is listed
on the Nasdaq Capital Market . We sustainably mine bitcoin; we also provide advanced energy technology
solutions to commercial and residential customers to solve modern energy challenges. The Company, through itself and its wholly owned
subsidiaries, has operated in the digital currency mining sector since December 2020, and in the alternative energy sector since March
2014. 

We are currently working with industry leaders and
other advisors in developing a long-term sustainability and clean energy plan. We are also using all available clean and renewable energy
resources that we currently have reasonable access to in all of our bitcoin mining locations in order to further support our sustainability
efforts. 

Lines
of Business 

Digital Currency Mining Segment 

Through
 our wholly owned subsidiaries, ATL Data Centers LLC ATL and CleanBlok, Inc. CleanBlok , we mine bitcoin. We entered the bitcoin mining industry through our acquisition
of ATL in December 2020. We acquired a second data center in August 2021 and have had a co-location agreement with N ew York-based
Coinmint in place since July 2021. Bitcoin mining has now become our principal revenue generating
business activity. We currently intend to continue to acquire additional facilities,
 equipment and infrastructure capacity to continue to expand our bitcoin mining operations. 

Bitcoin was
introduced in 2008 with the goal of serving as a digital means of exchanging and storing value. Bitcoin is a form of digital currency
that depends upon a consensus-based network and a public ledger called a blockchain, which contains a record of every bitcoin
transaction ever processed. The bitcoin network is the first decentralized peer-to-peer payment network, powered by users participating
in the consensus protocol, with no central authority or middlemen, that has wide network participation. The authenticity of each bitcoin
transaction is protected through digital signatures that correspond with addresses of users that send and receive bitcoin. Users have
full control over remitting bitcoin from their own sending addresses. All transactions on the bitcoin blockchain are transparent, allowing
those running the appropriate software to confirm the validity of each transaction. To be recorded on the blockchain, each bitcoin transaction
is validated through a proof-of-work consensus method, which entails solving complex mathematical problems to validate transactions and
post them on the blockchain. This process is called mining. Miners are rewarded with bitcoins, both in the form of newly-created bitcoins
and fees in bitcoin, for successfully solving the mathematical problems and providing computing power to the network. 

 Factors such
as access to computer processing capacity, interconnectivity, electricity cost, environmental factors (such as cooling capacity) and location
play important roles in mining. As of the date of this filing, our mining units are currently capable of producing over 1.3 exahash/s EH in hash rate capacity. In cryptocurrency mining, hash rate is a measure of the processing capacity and
speed by which a mining computer mines and processes transactions on the bitcoin network. Our activities in this area are complemented
by our energy background and planning is underway to deploy our portfolio of energy technologies to advance our bitcoin mining business,
with the goal of maximizing energy savings, increasing total power capacity, providing resilient electricity, and reducing greenhouse
gas emissions. We are expanding our bitcoin mining business with the goal of reaching 2.0 EH/s in hashrate capacity at or near the end
of December 31, 2021. We expect to exceed 3 EH/s in capacity by mid-to-late 2022. Hash rate capacity is one of the most important
metrics for evaluating bitcoin mining companies. 

 We obtain bitcoin
as a result of our mining operations; while we retain a significant portion of the bitcoin, we have sold, and intend to sell bitcoin
from time to time, to support our operations and strategic growth. We do not currently plan to engage in regular trading of bitcoin (other
than as necessary to convert our bitcoin to U.S. dollars) or to engage in hedging activities related to our holding of bitcoin; however,
our decisions to hold or sell bitcoin at any given time may be impacted by the bitcoin market, which has been historically characterized
by significant volatility. Currently, we do not use a formula or specific methodology to determine whether or when we will sell bitcoin
that we hold, or the number of bitcoins we will sell. Rather, decisions to hold or sell bitcoins are currently determined by analyzing
forecasts and monitoring the market in real time. 

4 

 Table of Contents 

Through our recently formed wholly owned subsidiaries,
CSRE Properties, LLC, CSRE Property Management Company LLC, and CSRE Properties Norcross, LLC, we maintain real property holdings for
ATL and CleanBlok. 

Energy Segment 

We provide energy
solutions through our wholly-owned subsidiaries CleanSpark, LLC, CleanSpark Critical
Power Systems, Inc., GridFabric, LLC, and Solar Watt Solutions, Inc. These solutions consist of
engineering, design and software solutions , custom hardware solutions, Open Automated Demand response OpenADR ),
solar, energy storage for microgrid and distributed energy systems to military, commercial and residential
customers in Southern California and through the world . 

Our solutions are supported by our proprietary suite
of software platforms (collectively, the Platforms that include microgrid energy modeling, energy market communications
and energy management solutions as summarized below: 

mPulse and mVoult: Patented, proprietary controls platforms that enable integration and optimization of multiple energy sources. 

Canvas: Middleware used by grid operators and aggregators to administrate load shifting programs. 

Plaid: Middleware used by controls and IoT (internet-of-things) product companies to participate in load shifting programs. 

mVSO: Energy modeling software for internal microgrid design . 

The Platforms were developed to enable the designing,
building, and operating of distributed energy systems and microgrids which efficiently manage energy assets. These strategies are generally
targeted to achieve resiliency and economic optimization. 

We also own patented gasification energy technologies.
Our technology converts organic material into synthesis gas, which can be used as fuel for a variety of applications and as feedstock
for the generation of DME (Di-Methyl Ether). As previously disclosed, we currently plan to continue to focus on our other offerings. 

Other business
activities 

Through p2kLabs, Inc., we provide design, software
development, and other technology-based consulting services. The services provided are generally hourly or fixed-fee project-based arrangements. 

Through ATL, we also provide traditional data center
services, such as providing customers with rack space, power and equipment, and offer several cloud services including virtual services,
virtual storage, and data backup services. 

Markets, Geography and Major Customers 

Digital Currency Mining Segment 

Bitcoin is a global store and exchange of value used
by people across the world as an asset and to conduct daily transactions. Mining bitcoin supports the global bitcoin blockchain and the
millions of people that depend on it for economic security and other benefits. Strictly speaking, there is no customer market for mining
bitcoin but we consider our mining pool operators as customers because they compensate us for providing processing power to the mining
pool (see Item 1A. Risk Factors for more information on our mining pool operators). We own and operate our own facilities and do not lease
mining space to other mining companies or private individuals that mine. Our wholly-owned mining operations are located in the State of
Georgia in the United States. We also have a relationship with a facility located in New York State that hosts a portion of our miners. 

Energy Segment 

Around the world, an aging energy infrastructure is
becoming unstable and unreliable due to increases in loads and limited new, large-scale generation facilities. This inherent instability
is compounded by the push to integrate a growing number and variety of renewable but intermittent energy generation assets and advanced
technologies into outdated electrical grid systems. Defense installations, industrial complexes, communities, campuses and other aggregators
across the world are turning to microgrids as a means to decrease their reliance on the grid, reduce utility costs, utilize cleaner power,
and enhance energy security. 

5 

 Table of Contents 

The Company s products and services predominantly
serve the energy markets throughout the Americas in the residential, commercial, and industrial sectors. Federal, state and local governmental
bodies provide incentives to owners and system integrators of solar energy systems to promote renewable energy in the form of rebates,
tax credits, and other similar incentives. These incentives help to catalyze customer acceptance of renewable energy systems as an alternative
to utility-provided power. Over the most recent year, our energy business operated extensively in California s residential energy
markets by participating in the state s Self-Generation Incentive Program SGIP ). 

For the years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020,
respectively, 61.2 and 64.8 of our total energy revenues were associated primarily with three customers. A loss or decline in business
with these customers could have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

We provide our hardware
products under manufacturing and distribution agreements. We provide our software and services at customer locations and from our office
located in Carlsbad, California . 

Working Capital Items 

Digital Currency Mining Segment 

The bitcoin mining industry is highly competitive
and dependent on specialized mining machines that have few manufacturers. Machine purchases require large down payments and miner deliveries
often arrive many months after initial orders are placed. 

At the time the Company
acquired ATL in December 2020, the Company had approximately 3,471 bitcoin mining units with application-specific integrated circuits ASICs in operation, which produced approximately 190 petahash/s. Since acquiring ATL, the Company has expanded its operations
and purchased additional ASICs. The Company now has 12,900 ASICs (as of the date of this filing 
 in daily operation, which are producing approximately 1.3 EH/s. In addition to the ASICs in operation, the
Company has also entered into futures contracts, pursuant to which it has pre-paid significant down payments to acquire additional mining
machines. The majority of miners we operate and expect to operate once received are the latest generation Antminers manufactured by Bitmain,
including the S19, S19-Pro, and S19j-Pro. We believe that Bitmain s miners are the most efficient and productive miners currently
on the market, though that may change as new manufacturers enter the market. 

In addition to our currently deployed fleet of approximately
12,900 latest-generation miners (as of the date of this filing), we have purchased an additional 26,830 miners that are slated for delivery
over the next 12 months. With the full deployment of these miners, our total fleet will consist of approximately 38,610 miners. 

Energy Segment 

We currently possess a significant amount of inventory,
however, our short-term demand currently exceeds our current inventory levels. We are actively working with our current suppliers to satisfy
our short-term and anticipated long-term needs. Due to current supply chain dynamics worldwide constraining our ability to secure certain
inventory, these constraints have resulting in a significant customer backlog. 

Distribution, Marketing and Strategic Relationships 

Digital Currency Mining Segment 

We have developed strategic relationships with well-established
companies in key areas including traditional and renewable energy, infrastructure, and bitcoin mining equipment procurement. 

6 

 Table of Contents 

Coinmint 

In addition to operating our own mining facilities,
we may engage with third-parties to operate mining equipment on behalf of the Company. On July 8, 2021, CleanBlok entered into a services
agreement with Coinmint, LLC Coinmint ). Pursuant to the agreement, Coinmint has agreed to house and power certain of our
cryptocurrency mining equipment in its facilities, and to use commercially reasonable efforts to mine bitcoin on our behalf. All bitcoin
mining services performed by Coinmint are conducted using mining equipment owned by the Company. As of the date of this filing, we have
received and deployed approximately 6,700 total miners pursuant to the co-location mining services agreement at Coinmint s facility
in New York. 

Pursuant to the agreement, as consideration for the
services, we pay Coinmint certain services fees, which are based on the operating costs incurred by Coinmint in performing the services,
and a variable fee calculated based on the profitability of the bitcoin mined during the relevant payment period, subject to uptime performance
commitments. The agreement has an initial term of one year, after which it will renew automatically for three-month periods until terminated
in accordance with the terms of the agreement. 

Energy Segment 

We have developed strategic relationships with well-established
companies in key areas including distribution and manufacturing. We sell our products worldwide, with a primary focus on Southern California
and the Americas, through our direct product sales force, and partner networks. 

Materials and Suppliers 

Digital Currency Mining Segment 

We engage in high efficiency bitcoin mining by using
ASICs. These specialized computers, often called mining rigs, have few manufacturers. A majority of the machines we purchased this year
were manufactured by Bitmain, a Chinese company and the preeminent manufacturer of bitcoin mining rigs. 

In addition to ASICS, mining equipment includes networking
equipment, power cords, racking, other specialized storage, transformers, and energy. We rely on utility providers for our power needs.
These utilities buy into local energy mixes to source power. We make every effort to establish our facilities in locations serviced by
utilities that generate a substantial portion of their energy from clean and renewable sources. We supplement the energy mix provided
by our partners with the purchase of renewable energy credits because the precise ratio of renewable energy in local energy mixes is not
within our control. We also intend to generate a portion of our own power through renewable solar energy by installing our microgrid solutions
at our mining centers. 

Historically, we have been able to manage our supply
chains effectively, but global supply chains are highly constrained, and we are experiencing substantial increases in shipping costs and
unprecedented logistical delays as we make efforts to ensure timely delivery of equipment. There can be no certainty that we will not
be affected in the future, and we believe that there is significant risk that equipment supply chains will be affected in 2022. Inflationary
pressures may also impact our fiscal year 2022. 

Energy Segment 

Although most components essential to our energy business
are generally available from multiple sources, we believe there are component suppliers and manufacturing vendors whose loss to us could
have an adverse effect on our business and financial condition. The Company also currently engages a contract manufacturer, whereby they
exclusively manufacture parallel switchgear, automatic transfer switches and related control and circuit protective equipment for us.
The Company sources energy storage devices (batteries) from a variety of vendors based on availability, cost, and quality. If we fail
to maintain or expand our relationships with our suppliers and manufacturers, or if one or more that we rely upon to meet anticipated
demand reduces or ceases production, it may be difficult to quickly identify and qualify alternatives on acceptable terms. In addition,
equipment prices may increase in the coming years, or not decrease at the rates we historically have experienced, due to tariffs or other
factors. 

7 

 Table of Contents 

In 2021, we experienced periodic supply chain constraints
around certain inventory items, most notably battery energy supply systems. Global supply chains are highly constrained, and unprecedented
logistical delays have the potential to impact our abilities timely delivery of equipment. There can be no certainty that we will not
be affected in the future, and we believe that there is significant risk that equipment supply chains will be affected in 2022. Inflationary
pressures may also impact our fiscal year 2022. 

Environmental Issues 

Digital Currency Mining and Energy Segments 

No significant pollution or other types of hazardous
emission result from the Company s direct operations and it is not anticipated that our operations will be materially affected by
federal, state or local provisions concerning environmental controls. Our costs of complying with environmental, health and safety requirements
have not been material. Starting in the fourth calendar quarter of 2021, we began to voluntarily purchase renewable energy credits to
offset a significant portion of our energy usage that is derived from non-renewable sources. The Company has also engaged market professionals
to enhance and build a comprehensive environmental, social and governance ESG strategy. 

We do not believe that existing or pending climate
change legislation, regulation, or international treaties or accords are reasonably likely to have a material effect in the foreseeable
future on our business or markets that we serve, nor on our results of operations, capital expenditures or financial position. We
continue to monitor emerging developments in this area. 

Competition 

Digital Currency Mining Segment 

Bitcoin mining is a global activity. During our most
recent fiscal year, a majority of bitcoin mining occurred in China. After China banned bitcoin mining in May 2021, the center of mining
moved to North America. Although bitcoin mining by its nature is not a directly competitive business, all miners compete for bitcoin rewards;
based on this, we define competitors as other bitcoin miners. Our competitors include large, publicly-listed mining companies, large private
mining companies, and, in some cases, independent, individual miners who pool resources. We believe our principal competitive factors
include our energy technology background, a combination of owned, operated, and co-located miners and facilities, our strategic use of
the bitcoin we mine to fund growth, and our commitment to sustainable business practices, including sourcing renewable energy. Within
North America, our major competitors include: 

1) Marathon Digital Holdings 

2) Riot Blockchain, Inc. 

3) Greenidge Generation Holdings 

4) Bit Digital, Inc. 

5) Hut 8 Mining Corp. 

6) Hive Blockchain Technologies 

7) Compute North 

8) Core Scientific 

9) Bitfarms LTD. 

In addition to the foregoing, we compete with other
companies that focus all or a portion of their activities on mining activities at scale. We face significant competition in certain operational
aspects of our business, including, but not limited to, the acquisition of new miners, obtaining the lowest cost of electricity, obtaining
clean energy sources, obtaining access to energy sites with reliable sources of power, and evaluating new technology developments in the
industry. 

Energy Segment 

The
markets we address in our energy operations are characterized by the presence of both new start-ups and well-established product providers. This
industry is capital intensive and highly competitive. The ability to compete effectively is determined by product features, scalability,
relative price, lifetime operating cost, product durability and reliability, safety, ease
of integration, customer support, design innovation, marketing and distribution capability, service and support and corporate reputation.

8 

 Table of Contents 

We offer turnkey energy solutions which include
system design, installation and grid integration. Our P latforms are capable of interoperating
 with the local utility
grid to help users optimize power for their homes or businesses.
 Our solutions are vendor agnostic . Our solutions are ideal for commercial,
industrial, mining, defense, campus and
 community users, both small and large,
with an aim to deliver power at or below the customers
cost of utility power. These attributes contribute to our ability
 to compete with larger,
more established competitors. Our major competitors include: 

1) Schneider
 Electric 

2) Siemens 

3) Spirae 

4) Ageto
 Energy 

5) PowerSecure 

6) ABB 

7) Homer 

8) Tesla 

Intellectual Property 

Digital Currency Mining Segment 

We do not currently own any patents in connection
with our existing and planned digital currency mining related operations. We do rely, and expect to continue relying, upon trade secrets,
trademarks, service marks, trade names, copyrights and other intellectual property rights. 

Energy Segment 

In relation
to our microgrid business, we own
the following patent: Patent No. 9,941,696 B2 Establishing
 Communication and Power
Sharing Links Between Components of a
 Distributed Energy System, awarded
April 10, 2018, which addresses our engineering and
 data-analytics technologies, processes and procedures.
The patent covers our ability to receive
 data from a plurality of sources within a
 microgrid, which is then
analyzed to forecast power needs across the
microgrid, or a combination of multiple 'fractal'
microgrids, and then determining whether
 or when to share power with
 the requesting module. 

In relation to our legacy gasifier business,
we own the following patents: Patent No. 9,359,567 Gasification Method Using Feedstock Comprising Gaseous Fuels; Patent
No. 8,518,133 Parallel Path, Downdraft Gasifier Apparatus and Method; Patent No. 8,105,401 Parallel Path, Downdraft
Gasifier Apparatus and Method; Patent No. 8,347,829 Electrolytic Reactor and Related Methods for Supplementing the Air Intake
of an Internal Combustion Engine. Another patent, Parallel Path Downdraft Gasifier Apparatus and Method, US 9,890, 340 B2, 
awarded February 13, 2018, further enhanced our patent portfolio surrounding our proprietary gasification and waste-to-energy technologies.
Our patents begin to expire between 2028 and 2035. 

Government Regulation 

Digital Currency Mining and Energy Segments 

We are subject to federal,
 state and local laws
 and regulations governing environmental quality
 and pollution control. It is anticipated
that, absent the occurrence of an extraordinary
event, compliance with existing federal,
 state and local laws,
 rules and regulations
concerning the protection of the environment and
 human health will
 not have a material effect upon us,
 our capital expenditures, or earnings. We
 cannot predict the effects
of any additional regulation or legislation,
enforcement policies thereunder and claims
 for damages for injuries to property,
 employees, other persons and the
environment resulting from our 

9 

 Table of Contents 

operations. Our operations are subject to environmental
regulation by state and federal authorities
including the Environmental Protection Agency EPA ).
 This regulation has not increased
the cost of planning, designing and operating
to date. Although we believe
that compliance with environmental regulations
 will not have a material
 adverse effect on our operations or results
 of these operations, there can be no
 assurance that significant costs and liabilities,
including criminal or civil penalties, will not
be incurred. Moreover, it is possible that other
 developments, including stricter environmental laws
 and regulations, and
 claims for damages for injuries
 to property or persons resulting from our activities
 could result in substantial costs and 
 liabilities. 

In the
 conduct of our activities, our operations will
 be subject to the requirements of the federal
 Occupational Safety and Health
Act OSHA and
 comparable state statutes. The OSHA hazard
 communication standard, the
 EPA community right-to-know regulations under
 Title III of the federal Superfund Amendment
 and Reauthorization Act and
 similar state statutes require us to organize
information about hazardous materials used,
released or produced in our operations. Certain of this
information must be provided to employees, state
 and local governmental authorities and
 local citizens. We are also subject to the requirements
 and reporting set forth in OSHA workplace standards. 

Blockchain technologies
and digital currencies, including bitcoin, are increasingly becoming subject to governmental regulation, both in the U.S. and internationally.
B lockchain technologies and cryptocurrency are under review with a number of U.S. governmental agencies,
including, without limitation, the SEC, the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, the Federal Trade Commission and the Financial Crimes
Enforcement Network of the U.S. Department of the Treasury. State and local regulations also may
apply to our digital currency mining. Other governmental or quasi-governmental regulatory bodies have shown an interest in regulating
or investigating companies engaged in digital currency related business. For instance, the Cyber-Digital Task Force of the U.S. Department
of Justice (the DOJ published a report entitled Cryptocurrency: An Enforcement Framework in October 2020.
This report provides a comprehensive overview of the possible threats and enforcement challenges the DOJ views as associated with the
use and prevalence of digital currencies, amongst other things. Further, in early March 2021, the SEC chairperson nominee expressed an
intent to focus on investor protection issues raised by cryptocurrencies. 

Presently, we do not believe any U.S. or State regulatory
body has taken any action or position adverse to our digital currency mining activities; however, future changes to existing regulations
or entirely new regulations may affect our business in ways it is not presently possible for us to predict with any reasonable degree
of reliability. 

In addition, regulators and the media have
expressed concerns related to the potential environmental impacts of bitcoin mining, and its energy-intensive nature in particular. We
are not materially impacted by any current regulations targeted toward the digital currency mining industry. 

Other than the above regulations and maintaining
our good standing in the states in which we operate, complying with applicable local business licensing requirements, complying with all
state and federal tax requirements, preparing our periodic reports under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and complying
with other applicable securities laws, rules, and regulations, we do not believe that existing governmental regulations will have a material
effect on our operations. Certain governmental and quasi-governmental bodies are considering additional regulations in the bitcoin mining
and energy industries; it is not currently known whether any such regulations would have a material impact on our businesses. We do not
currently require the approval of any governmental agency or affiliated program for our operations. 

In the future we may become subject to new
laws and/or regulations, such as further regulation by the SEC and other agencies, which may affect our digital currency mining and other
activities. For additional discussion regarding our belief about the potential risks existing and future regulation pose to our business,
see the Section entitled Risk Factors, below. 

Product Development 

Digital Currency Mining and Energy Segments 

Because the distributed energy and related
software industry is still in a relatively early state of adoption, our ability to compete successfully is heavily dependent upon our
ability to ensure a continual and timely flow of competitive products, services, and technologies to the marketplace. We continue to enhance
our existing products in order to drive further commercialization. We may also expand the range of our product offerings and intellectual
property through licensing and/or acquisition of third-party business and technology. 

Bitcoin mining by its nature has no products. 

10 

 Table of Contents 

Human Capital Resources; Employees; Personnel 

Digital Currency Mining and Energy Segments 

We believe that our future success depends,
in part, on our ability to continue to attract, hire, and retain qualified personnel. As of December 1, 2021, we had 87 staff members,
86 of which were full time. Employees participate in equity incentive plans and receive generous compensation in the form of salary and
benefits. We continually seek to hire and retain talented professionals, although the competition for such personnel in our segments is
significant. None of our employees are represented by a labor union, and we have never experienced a work stoppage. 

Company Websites 

We maintain a corporate website at: www.cleanspark.com
and informational websites for our subsidiaries at www.cleanblok.com, www.gridfabric.io , and www.p2klabs.com. 

The contents of these websites are not incorporated
in, or otherwise to be regarded as part of, this Annual Report. 

We file reports with the SEC, which are available
on our website free of charge. These reports include annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form
8-K, Section 16 filings on Form 3, Form 4, and Form 5, and other related filings, each of which is provided on our website as soon as
reasonably practical after we electronically file such materials with or furnish them to the SEC. In addition, the SEC maintains a website
(www.sec.gov) that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically
with the SEC, including the Company. 

Item 1A.
Risk Factors 

We
 are subject to various risks that may materially
 harm our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. An investment
in our common stock is speculative and involves a high degree of risk. In evaluating an investment
in shares of our common stock, you should carefully consider the risks 
described below, together with the other information included in this Annual Report. 

The risks
 described below are not the only risks we face. If any of the events described in
the following risk factors actually occurs, or if additional risks
 and uncertainties later materialize, that are not presently
 known to us or that we currently deem immaterial,
 then our business, prospects, results of operations and financial condition could
be materially adversely affected. In that event, the trading price of our common stock could
decline, and you may lose all or part of your investment in our shares. The risks discussed
below include forward-looking statements, and our actual results 
may differ substantially from those discussed in these forward-looking statements. 

Risk
Factors Summary 

Below is a summary of the principal factors
that make an investment in our common stock speculative or risky. This summary does not address all of the risks that we face. Additional
discussion of the risks summarized in this risk factor summary, and other risks that we face, can be found below and should be carefully
considered, together with other information included in this Annual Report. 

risks arising from pandemics, epidemics or an outbreak of diseases, such
as the recent outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic; 

supply chain and shipping disruptions have resulted in shipping delays,
a significant increase in lead times and shipping costs, and could increase product costs and result in lost sales and bitcoin production; 

our limited operating history and history of operating losses and negative
cash flow; 

volatile and unpredictable cycles in the emerging and evolving industries
in which we operate; 

competition in the markets in which we operate; 

our reliance on intellectual property rights to protect our technology; 

our ability to manage our suppliers and contract manufacturers; 

11 

 Table of Contents 

our relationships with certain key customers; 

our limited experience selling our distributed energy focus products and
solutions for use in residential markets; 

the concentration of our solar energy business in Southern California; 

potential product defect or liability suits, or any recall of our products; 

our reliance on our management team, and any failure by management to properly
manage growth; 

future strategic acquisitions and other arrangements that we engage in,
which could disrupt our business, cause dilution to our stockholders, reduce our financial resources and harm our operating results; 

our substantial dependency on utility rate structures and government incentive
programs that encourage the use of alternative energy sources; 

our need for financing in the future to sustain and expand our operations
and any inability to obtain such financing on acceptable terms, or at all; 

potential changes in laws and regulations applicable to digital currencies,
or interpretations thereof, including, without limitation, banking regulations and securities regulations and regulations governing mining
activities, both in the U.S. and in other countries; 

the uncertain impact of geopolitical and economic events on the demand for
bitcoin; 

our exposure to pricing risk and volatility associated with the value of
bitcoin because we do not hedge our investment in bitcoin; 

the development and acceptance of competing blockchain platforms or technologies; 

challenges of scaling bitcoin, which, if not overcome, may lead to high
fees or slow transaction settlement times; 

the reward for successfully solving a block will halve in the future and
its value may not adjust to compensate us for the reduction in the rewards we receive from our mining efforts; 

potential actions of malicious actors or botnets; 

our reliance on a third-party mining pool service provider for our mining
revenue payouts; 

loss, theft or restriction on access to bitcoins and other digital assets
we hold; 

the loss or destruction of private keys required to access our bitcoins
and potential data loss relating to our bitcoins; 

the irreversibility of incorrect or fraudulent bitcoin transactions; 

forks in the bitcoin network; 

the open-source structure of the bitcoin network protocol and any failure
to properly monitor and upgrade the protocol; 

the possibility that banks and financial institutions may not provide services
to businesses that engage in cryptocurrency-related activities; 

potential exposure to specifically designated nationals or blocked persons
as a result of our interactions with the bitcoin network; 

the relative novelty and lack of regulation of the digital asset exchanges
on which cryptocurrencies, including bitcoin, trade; 

inadequate sources of recovery if our digital assets are lost, stolen or
destroyed; 

the lack of limitations of FDIC or SIPC protections for the assets we hold; 
 the
 possible failure to comply with internal control over financial reporting requirements under
 Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002; 

the limited rights of legal recourse available to us following any loss
of our bitcoins; 

the possibility that a cryptocurrency other than bitcoin could be more desirable
to the digital asset user base; 

the possibility that our mining costs may exceed our mining revenues; 

damage of the properties included in our mining operation and inability
to get adequate insurance coverage for same; 

our need for significant electrical power to support our mining operations; 

competition from other methods of investing in cryptocurrencies; 

the possibility that operators of bitcoins mining operations may immediately
sell bitcoin rewards earned by mining in the market, thereby constraining the growth of the price of bitcoin; 

risks related to technological obsolescence, the vulnerability of the global
supply chain for cryptocurrency hardware disruption, and difficulty in obtaining new hardware; 

the possible transition of bitcoin mining algorithms to proof of stake validation; 

potential Internet disruptions; 

12 

 Table of Contents 

the limited precedent for financial accounting of digital assets, and the
possibility of future accounting requirements for transactions involving digital assets; 

future developments regarding the treatment of digital assets for U.S. federal
income and applicable state, local and non-U.S. tax purposes; 

the price of our common stock may be volatile and could fluctuate widely
in price; 

any future issuance of preferred stock may adversely affect holders of our
common stock, as shares of preferred stock may have additional rights, preferences and privileges as compared to the common stock; 

we have not, and do not intend to, pay dividends on shares of our common
stock; 

if securities or industry analysts do not publish or do not continue to
publish research or reports about our business, or if they issue an adverse or misleading opinion regarding our stock, our stock price
and trading volume could decline; and 

Provisions in the Nevada Revised Statutes and our Bylaws could make it very
difficult for an investor to bring any legal actions against our directors or officers for violations of their fiduciary duties or could
require us to pay any amounts incurred by our directors or officers in any such actions. 

Risks
Related to Our Business 

Our
business has been, and in the future may be, subject to risks arising from pandemic, epidemic, or an outbreak of diseases, such as the
outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic. 

On March 11,
2020, the World Health Organization declared the COVID-19 outbreak to be a pandemic. Since then, COVID-19 has spread across the globe
and is impacting worldwide economic activity, including through quarantines, travel bans and restrictions, shelter-in-place orders, shutdowns
of businesses, reductions in business activity, supply chain interruptions and overall economic and financial market instability. These
measures have impacted, and may further impact, our workforce and operations, as well as the operations of our customers, our partners
and our vendors and suppliers. Our critical business operations, including our headquarters, and many of our key suppliers, are located
in regions which have been and continue to be impacted by COVID-19. Our customers and suppliers worldwide have also been affected by COVID-19
and may continue to experience material impacts well beyond the end of the pandemic. 

Specifically,
the manufacture of components of our products, the final assembly of our products, and other critical operations are concentrated in certain
geographic locations that have been impacted by COVID-19 and in which local governments continue to take measures to try to contain the
pandemic. There is considerable uncertainty regarding the impact of such measures and potential future measures, including restrictions
on manufacturing facilities, on our support operations or workforce, or on our customers, partners, vendors and suppliers. Such measures,
as well as restrictions on or disruptions of transportation, such as reduced availability or increased cost of air transport, port closures,
and increased border controls or closures, could limit our capacity to meet customer demand and have a material adverse effect on our
financial condition and results of operations. 

 The COVID-19 pandemic and other factors have
adversely affected our supply chain, consistent with its effect across many industries, including creating shipping and logistics challenges
and placing significant limits on component supplies. These effects on our supply chain have resulted in delayed product availability
in our energy business, especially when combined with the demand for our products, and have adversely impacted, and may continue to adversely
impact, our ability to meet our energy product demand, result in additional costs, or may otherwise adversely impact our business and
results of operations. They have also significantly increased the costs of shipping miners, related components and infrastructure. We
expect these impacts, including delayed product availability, to continue for as long as the global supply chain is experiencing these
challenges. 

The spread
of COVID-19 has also caused us to modify our business practices as we comply with state-mandated requirements for safety in the workplace
to ensure the health, safety, and welling-being of our employees. While the company has implemented a Vaccination and Testing Policy,
we still maintain other measures includ ing personal protective
equipment, social distancing, cleanliness of our facilities, and daily monitoring of the health of employees in our facilities, as well
as modifying our policies on employee travel and the cancellation of physical participation in meetings, 

13 

 Table of Contents 

events, and conferences. We may
take further actions in response to the pandemic as may be required by government authorities or that we may determine are in the best
interests of our employees, customers, partners, and suppliers. However, we have not developed a specific and comprehensive contingency
plan designed to address the challenges and risks presented by the COVID-19 pandemic and, even if and when we do develop such a plan,
there can be no assurance that such plan will be effective in mitigating the potential adverse effects on our business, financial condition,
and results of operations. 

In addition,
while the extent and duration of the COVID-19 pandemic on the global economy and our business in particular are difficult to assess or
predict, the pandemic has resulted in, and may continue to result in, significant disruption of global financial markets, which may reduce
our ability to access capital or our customers ability to pay us for past or future purchases, which could negatively affect our
working capital and liquidity. A recession or financial market correction resulting from the lack of containment and spread of COVID-19
could impact overall spending, adversely affecting demand for our products and services, our business, and the value of our common stock. 

The ultimate
impact of the COVID-19 pandemic or a similar health epidemic is highly uncertain and subject to change. The extent of the impact of the
COVID-19 pandemic on our operational and financial performance, including our ability to execute our business strategies and initiatives
in the expected time frame, will depend on future developments, including, but not limited to, the duration and continued spread of the
pandemic, its severity, further related restrictions on travel, any reopening plans, the effectiveness of actions taken in the United
States and other countries to contain and treat the disease, including, without limitation, the effectiveness and timing of vaccination
initiatives in the United States and worldwide and the duration, timing, and severity of the impact on customer spending, including any
recession resulting from the pandemic, all of which are uncertain and cannot be predicted. An extended period of global supply chain and
economic disruption as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, even after the pandemic subsides, could have a materially adverse impact on
our business, results of operations, access to sources of capital and financial condition, though the full extent and duration of any
such impact is also uncertain. 

Supply chain and shipping disruptions have resulted
in shipping delays, a significant increase in shipping costs, and could increase product costs and result in lost sales, which may have
a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition. 

Supply chain disruptions, resulting from factors such
as the COVID-19 pandemic, labor supply and shipping container shortages, have impacted, and may continue to impact, us and our third-party
manufacturers and suppliers. These disruptions have resulted in longer lead times and increased product costs and shipping expenses, including
with respect to the delivery of miners that we have purchased. While we have taken steps to minimize the impact of these increased costs
by working closely with our suppliers and customers, there can be no assurances that unforeseen events impacting the supply chain will
not have a material adverse effect on us in the future. Additionally, the impacts supply chain disruptions have on our third-party manufacturers
and suppliers are not within our control. It is not currently possible to predict how long it will take for these supply chain disruptions
to cease. Prolonged supply chain disruptions impacting us and our third-party manufacturers and suppliers could interrupt product manufacturing,
increased lead times, increased product costs and result in lost sales and bitcoin production, result in a delay in the delivery of miners
that we have purchased, and continue to increase shipping costs associated with the delivery of our purchased miners, which may have a
material adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition. 

We have a limited operating history and
a history of operating losses and negative cash flow, and we may never achieve consistent profitability. 

Our limited operating history, including our
recent entry into the digital currency mining business, makes it difficult to evaluate our business and predict our future results of
operations. Although we have achieved profitable quarters in the past, to date, we have not maintained consistent profitability from period
to period, and no assurances can be made that we will achieve consistent profitability in the near future, if ever. From the Company s
inception through September 30, 2021, we sustained 138,392,118 in cumulative net losses, and we had a net loss for the fiscal year ended
September 30, 2021 of 21,812,010. We have generated these losses as we attempt to implement our business plan, including expanding
our existing products and customer base. We will not achieve consistent profitability unless and until we can develop a substantial and
stable revenue base. 

14 

 Table of Contents 

Our
future success is difficult to predict because we operate in emerging and evolving industries that are subject to volatile and unpredictable
cycles. 

The renewable energy, bitcoin mining, microgrid
and related industries are emerging and evolving, which may lead to period-to-period variability in our operating results and may make
it difficult to evaluate our future prospects. Our energy products and services are based on unique technology that we believe offers
significant advantages to our customers, but the markets we serve are in a relatively early stage of development and it is uncertain how
rapidly they will develop. It is also uncertain whether our energy products will achieve high levels of demand and acceptance as these
markets grow. If companies and customers in the industries we serve do not perceive or value the benefits of our technologies and products,
or if they are unwilling to adopt our products as alternatives to traditional power solutions, the market for our products and services
may not develop or may develop more slowly than we expect, which could significantly and adversely impact our operating results. 

As a supplier
to the renewable energy, microgrid and related industries, we may be subject to business cycles, the timing, length, and volatility of
which may be difficult to predict. The cyclical nature of our business may be driven by sudden changes in customers manufacturing
capacity requirements and spending, which depend in part on capacity utilization, demand for customers products, inventory levels
relative to demand and access to affordable capital. These changes may affect the timing and amounts of customers purchases and
investments in technology, and affect our orders, net sales, operating expenses, and net income. In addition, we may not be able to respond
adequately or quickly to any declines in demand by reducing our costs. To meet rapidly changing demand in each of the industries we serve,
we must effectively manage our resources and production capacity. During periods of decreasing demand for our products, we must be able
to appropriately align our cost structure with prevailing market conditions, effectively manage our supply chain, and motivate and retain
key employees. During periods of increasing demand for our products, we must have sufficient inventory to fulfill customer orders, effectively
manage our supply chain, and attract, retain, and motivate a sufficient number of qualified individuals. If we are not able to timely
and appropriately adapt to changes in our business environment or to accurately assess where we are positioned within a business cycle,
our business, financial condition, or results of operations may be materially and adversely affected. 

The
markets in which we participate are highly competitive, and we may be unable to successfully compete. 

We compete
in the highly competitive market for renewable energy products and microgrid technology and associated services , as well as in
certain operational aspects of our digital currency mining business, including, but not limited to, the acquisition of new miners, obtaining
the lowest cost of electricity, obtaining clean energy sources, obtaining access to energy sites with reliable sources of power, and evaluating
new technology developments in the industry . Evolving industry standards, rapid price changes and
product obsolescence impact the market and its various participants, including us. Our competitors include many domestic and foreign companies,
many of which have substantially greater financial, marketing, personnel and other resources than we do, which may cause us to be at a
competitive disadvantage. Our current competitors or new market entrants could introduce new or enhanced technologies, products or services
with features that render our technologies, products or services obsolete, less competitive or less marketable. The success
 of our energy business will be dependent upon our ability to develop products that are superior
to existing products and products introduced in the future, and which are cost effective. In addition, we may be required to continually
enhance any products that are developed as well as introduce new products that keep pace with technological change and address the increasingly
sophisticated needs of the marketplace. Even if our current technologies prove to be commercially feasible, there is extensive research
and development being conducted on alternative energy sources that may render our technologies and protocols obsolete or otherwise non-competitive. 
The success of our digital currency mining business will be further dependent upon our ability to purchase additional miners, adapt to
changes in technology in the industry, and to obtain sufficient energy at reasonable prices, amongst other things. 

We may also
be unable to keep pace with the technological demands of the marketplace or successfully develop products that will succeed in the marketplace.
Since many of our competitors are larger, well-established companies that have substantially greater financial, technical, manufacturing,
marketing, distribution and other resources than us, we are at an inherent competitive disadvantage. We may not have the capital resources
available to undertake the research that may be necessary to upgrade our equipment or develop new devices to meet the efficiencies of
changing technologies. Our inability to adapt to technological change could have a materially adverse effect on our results of operations. 

15 

 Table of Contents 

We
rely on a variety of intellectual property rights to protect our technology, and enforcing those rights could disrupt our business operation
and divert resources that could ultimately harm our future prospects. 

We rely on
a combination of trade secrets, confidentiality agreements and procedures and patents to protect our proprietary technologies. 

Our business
primarily relies upon trade secret laws and contractual restrictions, such as confidentiality agreements and work-for-hire provisions,
to protect our technology, know-how and other proprietary information. It may be cost prohibitive for us to seek to enforce such rights
through the legal-enforcement mechanisms available to us, and, in any case, such laws and contractual restrictions may not provide meaningful
protection to us against the possible unauthorized use, misappropriation or disclosure of such trade secrets. 

In relation
to our microgrid business, we also own patents that protect our ability to receive data from a plurality of sources within a microgrid,
which is then analyzed to forecast power needs across the microgrid, or a combination of multiple fractal microgrids, and
then determine whether or when to share power with the requesting module. The claims contained in those and any other patents we own may
not provide adequate protection for our products and technology. In the absence of patent protection, our competitors may attempt to copy
our products or gain access to our trade secrets and know-how. In addition, the laws of foreign countries may not protect our proprietary
rights to our technology to the same extent as the laws of the U.S. 

In addition,
our ongoing expansion of our business, including, in particular, through the development of products, may result in claims of intellectual
property infringement, regardless of merit. If an infringement claim or other dispute arises concerning our technology, we could become
involved in litigation that might involve substantial cost. Litigation could divert substantial management attention away from our operations
and into efforts to enforce our patents, protect our trade secrets or know-how or determine the scope of the proprietary rights of others.
If a proceeding resulted in adverse findings, we could be subject to significant liabilities to third parties, and we might also be required
to seek licenses from third parties to manufacture or sell our products. Our ability to manufacture and sell our products may also be
adversely affected by other unforeseen factors relating to any such proceeding or its outcome. 

A
significant part of our success will depend on our ability to manage our suppliers and contract manufacturers, and any failure to do so
could materially and adversely affect our results of operations and relations with our customers. 

We rely upon
a limited number of suppliers to provide the components necessary to build our energy products
and contract manufacturers to procure components and assemble our products. In addition, we rely on a limited number of suppliers
for the purchase and delivery of our miners to support our digital currency mining operations. There
can be no assurance that such key suppliers and contract manufacturers will provide components , products 
or miners in a timely and cost-efficient manner or otherwise meet our needs and expectations. Any
disruption in such key suppliers or contract manufacturers could delay our ability to provide our products to our customers 
or to expand our digital currency mining operations . Our ability to manage such relationships and
timely replace suppliers and contract manufacturers, if necessary, is critical to our success. Our failure to timely replace our contract
manufacturers and suppliers, should that become necessary, could materially and adversely affect our results of operations and relations
with our customers. For example, we depend on Bitmain for the majority of our mining rigs and
Pioneer Custom Electrical Products Corp. as a sole source contract manufacturer of our switchgear product lines, and any change in their
ability to manufacture and deliver these products could have a significant impact on our results of operations. 

Our success is dependent upon our relationships
with certain key customers. 

In the past, w e
have derived a significant portion of our revenues from a relatively limited number of customers. Our dependence on a limited number of
customers may continue in the future. The loss of any one of our major customers or decrease in demand by those customers could have a
material adverse effect on our business, our results of operations and our cash flows. 

16 

 Table of Contents 

We
have limited experience selling our distributed energy focused products and solutions for use in residential markets, and our increased
efforts in this regard may not be as successful as we expect or at all. 

A s a result
of our recent acquisition of Solar Watt, we now are provid ing solar and alternative energy
solutions for homeowners, as well as commercial businesses, and have developed a proprietary
platform to enable integration and optimization of solar, energy storage and back-up solutions for residential applications. Historically,
however, our products and solutions have been primarily sold into commercial and governmental markets. We have limited experience pursuing
the residential markets, and there are unique challenges associated with sales to homeowners and others in the residential market. There
can be no assurance that we will be successful in growing profitably (or at all) sales of our residential market focused products and
solutions or otherwise achieving success in our efforts in this regard. Further, the success of these efforts will depend on part on expansion
of homeowner use of solar energy. To date, solar energy has only achieved limited market acceptance (particularly in regions outside of
Southern California, in which regions we intend to expand our services and capabilities), and its continued market acceptance and growth
may depend on continued support in the form of performance-based incentives, rebates, tax credits and other incentives from federal, state,
local and foreign governments. Additionally, there can be no assurance that we will be able to successfully develop our planned proprietary
platform to enable integration and optimization of solar, energy storage and back-up generators for residential applications. 

Our
solar energy business is concentrated in Southern California, putting us at risk of region-specific disruptions. 

Our solar
energy customer base is currently concentrated in Southern California, and we expect many of our future solar energy installations to
be in California, which could further concentrate our solar energy customer base and operational infrastructure. Accordingly, our business
and results of operations are particularly susceptible to adverse economic, regulatory, political, weather and other conditions in California,
including the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic and any legislative changes related to grid operations . 

If
we are the subject of future product defect or liability suits, or our products are subject to a recall, our business and our reputation
could be adversely affected. 

In the course
of our planned operations, we may become subject to legal actions based on a claim that our energy products are defective in workmanship
or have caused personal or other injuries. We may also be subject to lawsuits and other claims in the future if our products malfunction,
including, for example, if any of our solar service offerings (such as our racking systems, photovoltaic modules, batteries, inverters,
or other products) causes injuries. Because solar energy systems and many of our other current and anticipated products are electricity-producing
devices, it is possible that customers or their property could be injured or damaged by our products, whether due to product malfunctions,
defects, improper installation or other causes. Further, since our products are used in systems that are made up of components sourced
from third party manufacturers, we may be subject to product liability claims even if our products do not malfunction. Additionally, any
of our products could be subject to recalls due to product malfunctions or defects. 

The successful
assertion of product liability claims against us could result in potentially significant monetary damages that could require us to make
significant payments, as well as subject us to adverse publicity, damage our reputation and competitive position and adversely affect
sales of our systems and other products. We rely on third-party manufacturing warranties, warranties provided by our manufacturing partners
and our general liability insurance to cover product liability claims and have not obtained separate product liability insurance. Such
warranties and insurance coverage may not be adequate to cover all potential claims. Moreover, even if such warranties and insurance coverage
are sufficient, any successful claim could significantly harm our business, reputation, financial condition and results of operations.
In addition, product liability claims, injuries, defects or other problems experienced by other companies in the industries in which we
operate could lead to unfavorable market conditions for the industry as a whole, and may have an adverse effect on our ability to attract
customers and thereby have an adverse effect our growth and financial performance. 

17 

 Table of Contents 

We
rely heavily on our management team, whose continued service and performance is critical to our future success. Any failure by management
to properly manage growth, including hiring and retaining competent and skilled management and other personnel, could have a material
adverse effect on our business, operating results, and financial condition. 

We currently have four executive officers our
Chief Executive Officer and President, Zachary Bradford, our Chief Financial Officer, Lori Love, our Chief Revenue Officer, Amer Tadayon,
and S. Matthew Schulz, our Executive Chairman who are responsible for our management functions and are responsible
for strategic development, financing and other critical functions. Some of the members of our management team and our board of directors
may not have prior experience in the energy or cryptocurrency mining industries. This lack of experience may impair our management teams 
and directors ability to evaluate and make well-informed decisions involving our current operations and any future projects we
may undertake in the industries in which we operate. Such impairment and lack of experience could adversely affect our business, financial
condition and future operations. 

Our future
success depends significantly on the continued service and performance of our existing management team. The departure, death, disability
or other extended loss of services of any member of our management team, particularly with little or no notice, could cause delays on
projects, frustrate our growth prospects and could have an adverse impact on our client and industry relationships, our project exploration
and development programs, other aspects of our business and our financial condition, results of operations, cash flow and prospects. 

Our success,
growth prospects, and ability to capitalize on market opportunities also depend to a significant extent on our ability to identify, hire,
motivate and retain qualified managerial personnel, including additional senior members of management. Our growth may be constrained by
resource limitations as competitors and customers compete for increasingly scarce human capital resources. The demand for trained software
engineers, electrical engineers, professionals familiar with cryptocurrency mining and other skilled workers is currently high. Our competitors
may be able to offer a work environment with higher compensation or more opportunities than we can. Any new personnel we hire may not
be or become as productive as we expect, as we may face challenges in adequately or appropriately integrating them into our workforce
and culture. If we are unable to attract and retain a sufficient number of skilled personnel, our ability to successfully implement our
business plan, grow our company and maintain or expand our product offerings may be adversely affected, and the costs of doing so may
increase, which may adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Our expansion
could also place significant demands on our management, operations, systems, accounting, internal controls and financial resources. If
we experience difficulties in any of these areas, we may not be able to expand our business successfully or effectively manage our growth.
Any failure by management to manage growth and to respond to changes in our business could have a material adverse effect on our business,
financial condition and results of operations. 

We
have engaged in, and in the future may engage in, strategic acquisitions and other arrangements that could disrupt our business, cause
dilution to our stockholders, reduce our financial resources and harm our operating results. 

We have previously
engaged in strategic transactions, including acquisitions of companies, product lines, technologies and personnel, such as our recent
acquisitions of ATL in December 2020 and Solar Watt in February 2021, and, as part of our growth strategy, in the future, we
may seek additional opportunities to expand our product offerings or the markets we serve by pursuing strategic transactions. Our ability
to grow through future acquisitions will depend on the availability of, and our ability to identify, suitable acquisition and investment
opportunities at an acceptable cost, our ability to compete effectively to attract those opportunities and the availability of financing
to complete acquisitions. Future acquisitions may require us to issue common stock that would dilute our current stockholders percentage
ownership, assume or otherwise be subject to liabilities of an acquired company, record goodwill and non-amortizable intangible assets
that will be subject to impairment testing on a regular basis and potential periodic impairment charges, 

18 

 Table of Contents 

incur amortization expenses related
to certain intangible assets, incur large acquisition and integration costs, immediate write-offs, and restructuring and other related
expenses, and become subject to litigation. The benefits of an acquisition may also take considerable time to develop, and we cannot be
certain that any particular acquisition will produce the intended benefits in a timely manner or to the extent anticipated or at all.
We may experience difficulties integrating the operations, technologies, products, and personnel of an acquired company or be subjected
to liability for the target s pre-acquisition activities or operations as a successor in interest. Such integration may divert management s
attention from normal daily operations of our business. Future acquisitions may also expose us to potential risks, including risks associated
with entering markets in which we have no or limited prior experience (such as our acquisition of our ATL subsidiary, in light of its
cryptocurrency mining operations), especially when competitors in such markets have stronger market positions, the possibility of insufficient
revenues to offset the expenses we incur in connection with an acquisition and potential loss of, or harm to, our relationships with employees,
customers, consumers and suppliers as a result of integration of new businesses. 

Our
energy business is substantially dependent on utility rate structures and government incentive programs that encourage the use of alternative
energy sources. The reduction or elimination of government subsidies and economic incentives for energy-related technologies would harm
our business. 

We believe
that near-term growth of energy-related technologies, including power conversion and solar energy technology, relies partly on the availability
and size of government and economic incentives and grants (including, but not limited to, the U.S. Investment Tax Credit and various state
and local incentive programs). These incentive programs could be challenged by utility companies, or for other reasons found to be unconstitutional,
or could be reduced or discontinued for other reasons, all of which are outside of our control. The reduction, elimination, or expiration
of government subsidies and economic incentives could harm our business. 

A combination
of utility rate structures and government subsidies that encourage the use of alternative energy sources is a primary driver of demand
for our energy products. For example, public utilities are often allowed to collect demand charges on commercial and industrial customers
in addition to traditional usage charges. In addition, the federal government and many states encourage the use of alternative energy
sources through a combination of direct subsidies and tariff incentives such as net metering for users that use alternative energy sources
such as solar power. California also encourages alternative energy technology through its Self-Generation Incentive Program, or SGIP,
which offers rebates for businesses and consumers who adopt certain new technologies. Other states have similar incentives and mandates
which encourage the adoption of alternative energy sources. Notwithstanding the adoption of other incentive programs, we expect that California
will be the most significant market for the sale of our energy products in the near term. Should California or another state in which
we derive a substantial portion of our product revenues in the future change its utility rate structure or eliminate or significantly
reduce its incentive programs, demand for our products could be substantially affected, which would adversely affect our business prospects,
financial condition and operating results. 

In
the future, we may require additional financing to sustain and expand our operations, and we may not be able to obtain financing on acceptable
terms, or at all, which would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flow and
prospects. 

Our ability
to operate profitably and to grow our business is dependent upon, among other things, generating sufficient revenue from our operations
and, when and if needed, obtaining financing. If we are unable to generate sufficient revenues to operate and/or expand our business,
we will be required to raise additional capital to fund operating deficits (if applicable) and growth of our business, pursue our business
plans and to finance our operating activities, including through equity or debt financings, which may not be available to us on favorable
terms, or at all. 

To the
extent that we raise additional capital through the sale of equity or convertible debt securities, stockholder ownership interest in the
Company may be diluted, and the terms of these securities may include liquidation or other preferences that adversely affect rights as
a stockholder. Debt and equity financings, if available, may involve agreements that include covenants limiting or restricting our ability
to take specific actions, such as redeeming our shares of common stock, making investments, incurring additional debt, making capital
expenditures or declaring dividends. 

19 

 Table of Contents 

We maintain our cash at financial institutions,
which at times, exceed federally insured limits. 

The majority of our cash is held in accounts
at U.S. banking institutions that we believe are of high quality. Cash held in non-interest-bearing and interest-bearing operating accounts
may exceed the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation insurance limits. If such banking institutions were to fail, we could lose all or
a portion of those amounts held in excess of such insurance limitations. 

If we fail to comply with Section 404
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the market may have reduced confidence in our 

 reported financial information. 

We must continue to document, test, monitor
and enhance our internal control over financial reporting in order to satisfy the requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
of 2002. We will continue to perform the documentation and evaluations needed to comply with Section 404. If during this process our management
identifies one or more material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting, we will be unable to assert that our internal
controls are effective, which may cause market participants to have reduced confidence in our reported financial condition. 

Risks
Related to Our Cryptocurrency Mining Operations 

Through
our acquisition of ATL in December 2020, we expanded our business to include bitcoin mining, and we are actively trying to grow our
bitcoin mining infrastructure, equipment and capacity. Bitcoin mining is a significant portion of our business and revenues and is expected
to continue to be the source of a majority of our revenues in the future. Our bitcoin mining
activities, both now and in the future, may subject us to inherent risks, including the risks described below and elsewhere in this 
Annual Report . 

If
regulatory changes or interpretations of our activities require our registration as a money services business (an MSB under
the regulations promulgated by the Financial Crimes Enforcement Network FinCEN under the authority of the U.S. Bank Secrecy
Act (the BSA ), or otherwise under state laws, we may incur significant compliance costs, which could be substantial or cost-prohibitive.
If we become subject to these regulations, our costs in complying with them may have a material adverse effect on our business and the
results of our operations. 

To the
extent our bitcoin mining activities cause us to be deemed an MSB under the regulations promulgated by FinCEN under the authority of the
BSA, we may be required to comply with FinCEN regulations, including those that would mandate us to implement anti-money laundering programs,
make certain reports to FinCEN and maintain certain records. 

To the
extent that our cryptocurrency activities cause us to be deemed a money transmitter (an MT or be given an equivalent designation, under state law in any state in which we operate, we may be required to seek a license or otherwise
register with a state regulator and comply with state regulations that may include the implementation of anti-money laundering programs,
maintenance of certain records and other operational requirements. Currently, the New York State Department of Financial Services maintains
a comprehensive BitLicense framework for businesses that conduct virtual currency business activity. In July 2020,
Louisiana enacted the Virtual Currency Businesses Act, becoming the second state after New York to enact a stand-alone virtual currency
law. We will continue to monitor for developments in state-level legislation, guidance or regulations applicable to us. 

Such additional
federal or state regulatory obligations in the United States or obligations that could arise under the regulatory frameworks of other
countries may cause us to incur significant expenses, possibly affecting its business and financial condition in a material and adverse
manner. Furthermore, we and our service providers may not be capable of complying with certain federal or state regulatory obligations
applicable to MSBs and MTs or similar obligations in other countries. If we are deemed to be subject to such additional regulatory and
registration or licensing requirements, we may be required to substantially alter our bitcoin mining activities and possibly cease engaging
in such activities. Any such action may adversely affect our business operations and financial condition and an investment in our company. 

Current
regulation regarding the exchange of bitcoins under the CEA by the CFTC is unclear; to the extent we become subject to regulation by the
CFTC in connection with our exchange of bitcoin, we may incur additional compliance costs, which may be significant. 

The Commodity
Exchange Act, as amended (the CEA , does not currently impose any direct obligations
on us related to the mining or exchange of bitcoins. Generally , the Commodity Futures Trading
Commission CFTC ), the federal agency that administers the CEA, regards bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies as commodities.
This position has been supported by decisions of federal courts. 

20 

 Table of Contents 

However, the CEA imposes requirements relative
to certain transactions involving bitcoin and other digital assets that constitute a contract of sale of a commodity for future delivery
(or an option on such a contract), a swap, or a transaction involving margin, financing or leverage that does not result in actual delivery
of the commodity within 28 days to persons not defined as eligible contract participants or eligible commercial
entities under the CEA (e.g., retail persons). Changes in the CEA or the regulations promulgated by the CFTC thereunder, as well
as interpretations thereof and official promulgations by the CFTC, may impact the classification of bitcoins and, therefore, may subject
them to additional regulatory oversight by the agency. Although to date the CFTC has not enacted regulations governing non-derivative
or non-financed, margined or leveraged transactions in bitcoin, it has authority to commence enforcement actions against persons who violate
certain prohibitions under the CEA related to transactions in any contract of sale of any commodity, including bitcoin, in interstate
commerce (e.g., manipulation and engaging in certain deceptive practices). 

We cannot
be certain as to how future regulatory developments will impact the treatment of bitcoins under the law. Any requirements imposed by the
CFTC related to our mining activities or our transactions in bitcoin could cause us to incur additional extraordinary, non-recurring expenses,
thereby materially and adversely impacting an investment in the Company. In addition, changes
in the classification of bitcoins could subject us, as a result of our bitcoin mining operations, to additional regulatory oversight by
the agency. Although to date the CFTC has not enacted regulations governing non-derivative or non-financed, margined or leveraged transactions
in bitcoin, it has authority to commence enforcement actions against persons who violate certain prohibitions under the CEA related to
transactions in any contract of sale of any commodity, including bitcoin, in interstate commerce (e.g., manipulation and engaging in certain
deceptive practices). 

Moreover,
if our mining activities or transactions in bitcoin were deemed by the CFTC to constitute a collective investment in derivatives for our
shareholders, we may be required to register as a commodity pool operator with the CFTC through the National Futures Association. Such
additional registrations may result in extraordinary, non-recurring expenses, thereby materially and adversely impacting an investment
in the Company. If we determine not to comply with such additional regulatory and registration requirements, we may seek to cease certain
of our operations. Any such action may adversely affect an investment in the Company. 

While no
provision of the CEA, or CFTC rules, orders or rulings (except as noted herein) appears to be currently applicable to our business, this
is subject to change. 

If
the SEC or another regulatory body considers bitcoin or any other cryptocurrency that we may mine in the future to be a security under
U.S. securities laws, we may be required to comply with significant SEC registration and/or other requirements. 

In general,
novel or unique assets such as bitcoin and other digital assets may be classified as securities if they meet the definition of investment
contracts under U.S. law. In recent years, the offer and sale of digital assets other than bitcoin, most notably Kik Interactive Inc. s
Kin tokens and Telegram Group Inc. s TON tokens, have been deemed to be investment contracts by the SEC. While we believe that bitcoin
is unlikely to be considered an investment contract, and thus a security under the investment contract definition, we cannot provide any
assurances that digital assets that we mine or otherwise acquire or hold for our own account, including bitcoin, will never be classified
as securities under U.S. law. 

To the
extent that any digital asset we have already mined or will mine is deemed a security, we may be obligated to comply with registration
and/or other requirements by the SEC. This would cause us to incur significant, non-recurring expenses, thereby materially and adversely
impacting an investment in the Company. 

21 

 Table of Contents 

If
regulations or interpretations change and regulation of bitcoin under the U.S. securities laws or otherwise is promulgated, we may be
classified as an investment company. 

Current
and future legislation and the SEC s rulemaking and other regulatory developments, including interpretations released by a regulatory
authority, may impact the manner in which bitcoin is treated for classification and clearing purposes. The SEC s July 25, 2017
Report expressed its view that digital assets may be securities depending on the facts and circumstances. As of the date of this Annual
Report, we are not aware of any rules that have been proposed to regulate bitcoin as a security, and SEC staff have publicly suggested
that bitcoin is not a security for purposes of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the 1940 Act ), because current
purchasers of bitcoin are not relying on the essential managerial and entrepreneurial efforts of others to produce a profit. We cannot
be certain, however, as to how future regulatory developments will impact the treatment of bitcoin under the law. 

For
example, in the event that the bitcoin (or, in the future, any digital assets) held by us, whether as a result of our cryptocurrency
mining business or otherwise (including by acquisition), are determined to constitute securities under the U.S. securities laws and
such assets exceed 40 of our total assets, exclusive of cash, we would inadvertently become an investment company under the 1940
Act. Classification as an investment company under the 1940 Act requires registration with the SEC. If an investment company fails
to register, it would have to stop doing almost all business, and its contracts would become voidable. Registration is
time-consuming and restrictive and may require a restructuring of our operations, and we would be very constrained in the kind of
business we could engage in as a registered investment company. Further, we would become subject to substantial regulation
concerning management, operations, transactions with affiliated persons and portfolio composition, and would need to file reports
under the 1940 Act. The cost of compliance with the 1940 Act and any other regulations applicable to our crypto mining business
would result in our incurring substantial additional expenses, and the failure to properly register with the SEC or otherwise if
required would have a materially adverse impact to conduct our operations. 

It may be illegal now, or in the future, to
mine, acquire, own, hold, sell or use bitcoin or other cryptocurrencies, participate in blockchains or utilize similar cryptocurrency
assets in one or more countries, the ruling of which could adversely affect us. 

Although currently cryptocurrencies generally are
not regulated or are lightly regulated in most countries, several countries, such as China, India and Russia, may continue taking regulatory
actions in the future that could severely restrict the right to mine, acquire, own, hold, sell or use these cryptocurrency assets or to
exchange for local currency. For example, in China and Russia (India is currently proposing new legislation), it is illegal to accept
payment in bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies for consumer transactions and banking institutions are barred from accepting deposits of
cryptocurrencies. In addition, in March 2021, the governmental authorities for the Chinese province of Inner Mongolia banned bitcoin mining
in the province due to the industry s intense electrical power demands and its negative environmental impacts. If other countries,
including the U.S., implement similar restrictions, such restrictions may adversely affect us. Such circumstances could have a material
adverse effect on us, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects or operations and potentially the value of
any bitcoin or other cryptocurrencies we mine or otherwise acquire or hold for our own account, and thus harm investors. 

There are several new and existing competitors
in our industry that are purchasing mining equipment at scale, which may cause delays or difficulty in us obtaining new miners. 

Many of the competitors in our industry have also
been purchasing mining equipment at scale, which has caused a world-wide shortage of mining equipment and extended the corresponding delivery
schedules for new miner purchases. There are no assurances that Bitmain, or any other manufacturers, will be able to keep pace with the
surge in demand for mining equipment. It is uncertain how manufacturers will respond to this increased global demand and whether they
can deliver on the schedules promised to all of their customers. In the event Bitmain or other manufacturers, are not able to keep pace
with demand, we may not be able to purchase additional miners in sufficient quantities, on the delivery schedules that meet our business
needs, or at favorable prices. 

22 

 Table of Contents 

The
impact of geopolitical and economic events on the demand for bitcoin is uncertain. 

Geopolitical
crises may trigger large-scale purchases of bitcoin, which could rapidly increase their prices. This may, however, also increase the likelihood
of a subsequent price swing in the opposite direction as crisis-driven purchasing behavior dissipates, ultimately decreasing the value
of bitcoins or any other digital asset in our possession. Such risks are similar to the risks of purchasing commodities in generally uncertain
times, such as the risk of purchasing, holding or selling gold. 

Alternatively,
global crises and economic downturns may discourage investment in bitcoin and digital assets in general as investors shift their investments
towards less volatile asset classes. Such events could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects or operations and potentially
the value of bitcoin we mine or otherwise acquire or hold for our own account. 

The
value of bitcoin may be subject to pricing risk and has historically been subject to wide swings. Because we do not currently hedge our
investment in bitcoin and do not intend to for the foreseeable future, we may be directly exposed to bitcoin s price volatility
and surrounding risks. 

While bitcoin
prices are determined primarily using data from various exchanges, over-the-counter markets and derivative platforms, they have historically
been volatile and are impacted by a variety of factors. Such factors include, but are not limited to, the worldwide growth in the adoption
and use of bitcoins, the maintenance and development of the software protocol of the bitcoin network, changes in consumer demographics
and public tastes, fraudulent or illegitimate actors, real or perceived scarcity, and political, economic, regulatory or other conditions.
Furthermore, pricing may be the result of, and may continue to result in, speculation regarding future appreciation in the value of bitcoin,
or our share price, making prices more volatile or creating bubble type risks. 

Currently,
we do not use a formula or specific methodology to determine whether or when we will sell bitcoin that we hold, or the number of bitcoins
we will sell. Rather, decisions to hold or sell bitcoins are currently determined by analyzing forecasts and monitoring the market in
real time. Such decisions, however well-informed, may result in untimely sales and even losses, adversely affecting an investment in us.
At this time, we do not anticipate engaging in any hedging activities related to our holding of bitcoin; this could expose us to substantial
decreases in the price of bitcoin. 

The
development and acceptance of competing blockchain platforms or technologies may cause consumers to use alternative distributed ledgers
or other alternatives. 

The development
and acceptance of competing blockchain platforms or technologies may cause consumers to abandon bitcoin. As we exclusively mine, and expect
to exclusively mine bitcoin, we could face difficulty adapting to emergent digital ledgers, blockchains, or alternatives thereto. This
could prevent us from realizing the anticipated profits from our investments. Such circumstances could have a material adverse effect
on our business, prospects or operations and potentially the value of any bitcoin we mine or otherwise acquire or hold for our own account
and harm investors. 

Bitcoin
faces significant challenges with scaling which, if not overcome, may lead to high fees or slow transaction settlement times. 

Bitcoin is
presently limited with respect to how many transactions can occur per second. Developers and contributors in the bitcoin ecosystem debate
potential solutions to increasing the average number of transactions per second that networks can handle. Some have implemented mechanisms
or are researching ways to increase scale, such as increasing the allowable sizes of blocks, and therefore the number of transactions
per block, which would increase the number of transactions that could occur per second. However, it is uncertain how long those mechanisms
being explored to increase the scale of settlement of bitcoin transactions will take to become effective, if at all. Any failure to improve
bitcoin settlement times could materially affect the price of bitcoin and, as a result, adversely affect an investment in us. 

23 

 Table of Contents 

Bitcoin
is subject to halving; the reward for successfully solving a block will halve several times in the future and its value may not adjust
to compensate us for the reduction in the rewards we receive from our mining efforts. 

Halving is
a process designed to control the overall supply and reduce the risk of inflation in cryptocurrencies using a Proof-of-Work consensus
algorithm. In an event referred to as bitcoin halving, the bitcoin reward for mining any block is cut in half. For example,
the mining reward for bitcoin declined from 12.5 to 6.25 bitcoin on May 11, 2020. This process is scheduled to occur once every 210,000
blocks, or roughly four years, until the total amount of bitcoin rewards issued reaches 21 million, which is expected to occur around
2140. Once 21 million bitcoin are generated, the network will stop producing more. Currently, there are more than 18 million bitcoin in
circulation. While bitcoin prices have had a history of price fluctuations around halving events, there is no guarantee that the price
change will be favorable or would compensate for the reduction in mining reward. If a corresponding and proportionate increase in the
price of bitcoin does not follow these anticipated halving events, the revenue from our mining operations would decrease, and we may not
have an adequate incentive to continue mining and may cease mining operations altogether, which may adversely affect an investment in
us. 

Furthermore,
such reductions in bitcoin rewards for uncovering blocks may result in a reduction in the aggregate hash rate of the bitcoin network as
the incentive for miners decreases. Miners ceasing operations would reduce the collective processing power on the network, which would
adversely affect the confirmation process for transactions and make the bitcoin network more vulnerable to malicious actors or botnets
obtaining control in excess of 50 of the processing power active on the blockchain. Such events may adversely affect our activities
and an investment in us. 

If a malicious actor or botnet obtains
control of more than 50 of the processing power on the bitcoin network, such actor or botnet could manipulate the network to adversely
affect us, which would adversely affect an investment in us. 

If a malicious
actor or botnet, a collection of computers controlled by networked software coordinating the actions of the computers, obtains over 50 
of the processing power dedicated to mining bitcoin, such actor may be able to construct fraudulent blocks or prevent certain transactions
from completing in a timely manner, or at all. The malicious actor or botnet could control, exclude or modify the order of transactions,
though it could not generate new units or transactions using such control. The malicious actor could also double-spend, 
or spend the same bitcoin in more than one transaction, or it could prevent transactions from being validated. In certain instances, reversing
any fraudulent or malicious changes made to the bitcoin blockchain may not be possible. 

Although
there are no known reports of malicious activity or control of blockchains achieved through controlling over 50 of the processing power
on the bitcoin network, it is believed that certain mining pools may have exceeded, and could exceed, the 50 threshold on the bitcoin
network. This possibility creates a greater risk that a single mining pool could exert authority over the validation of bitcoin transactions.
To the extent that the bitcoin ecosystem, and the administrators of mining pools, do not have adequate controls and responses in place,
the risk of a malicious actor obtaining control of the processing power may increase. If such an event were to occur, it could have a
material adverse effect on our business, prospects or operations and potentially the value of any bitcoin we mine or otherwise acquire
or hold for our own account and harm investors. 

Our
reliance on a third-party mining pool service provider for our mining revenue payouts may adversely affect an investment in us. 

We currently rely on Foundry Digital
and Antpool pools or Cryptocurrency Customers ), open access mining pools that support cryptocurrencies including
bitcoin, to receive our mining rewards and fees from the network. Our pools have the sole discretion to modify the terms of our agreement
at any time, and, therefore, our future rights and relationship with our pools may change. In general, mining pools allow miners to combine
their computing and processing power, increasing their chances of solving a block and getting paid by the bitcoin network. The rewards,
distributed proportionally to our contribution to the pool s overall mining power, are distributed by the pool operator. Should
our pools operator systems suffer downtime due to a cyber-attack, software malfunction or other similar issues, it will negatively
impact our ability to mine and receive revenue. Furthermore, while we receive daily reports from our pools detailing the total processing
power provided to the pools and the proportion of that total processing power, we provided to determine the distribution of 

24 

 Table of Contents 

rewards
to us, we are dependent on the accuracy of our pool s record keeping. Therefore, we have little means of recourse against our pools 
operators if we determine the proportion of the reward paid out to us by the mining pool operator is incorrect, other than leaving the
pools. If we are unable to consistently obtain accurate proportionate rewards from our pools, we may experience reduced rewards for our
efforts, which would have an adverse effect on our business and operations. 

Bitcoins
and other digital assets we mine or hold for our own account may be subject to loss, theft or restriction on access. 

There is
a risk that some or all of our bitcoins could be lost or stolen. Bitcoins are stored in and accessed by cryptocurrency sites commonly
referred to as wallets. A hot wallet refers to any cryptocurrency wallet that is connected to the Internet. Generally, hot
wallets are easier to set up and access than wallets in cold storage, but they are also more susceptible to hackers and other technical
vulnerabilities. Cold storage refers to any cryptocurrency wallet that is not connected to the Internet. Cold storage is generally more
secure than hot storage, but is not ideal for quick or regular transactions. When we keep our bitcoin in cold storage, we may experience
lag time in our ability to respond to market fluctuations in the price of our cryptocurrency assets. 

We currently mine bitcoin by contributing to
and benefiting from our pools processing power. Our share of bitcoins mined from our pools are initially received by us in wallets
we control, which are maintained by Coinbase Inc., a U.S. based digital assets exchange. We maintain the majority of our bitcoin in cold
storage with a minority allocation kept in hot wallets for working capital purposes. Bitcoins we mine or hold for our own account may
be subject to loss, theft or restriction on access. Hackers or malicious actors may launch attacks to steal, compromise or secure bitcoins,
such as by attacking the bitcoin network source code, exchange miners, third-party platforms (including Coinbase), cold and hot storage
locations or software, or by other means. We may be in control and possession of substantial holdings of bitcoin, and as we increase in
size, we may become a more appealing target of hackers, malware, cyber-attacks or other security threats. Any of these events may adversely
affect our operations and, consequently, our investments and profitability. 

The loss or destruction of private keys
required to access our bitcoins may be irreversible. Our loss of access to our private keys or our experience of a data loss relating
to our bitcoins could adversely affect an investment in us. 

Bitcoins may only be controlled by the possessor
of both the unique public and private keys relating to the local or online digital wallet in which they are held. We publish the public
key relating to digital wallets in use when we verify the receipt or transfers of bitcoins to and from our wallets and disseminate such
information into the network on an anonymous basis, but we safeguard the private keys relating to such digital wallets. Digital asset
exchanges, such as Coinbase, where we hold our bitcoin, engage in similar practices. To the extent such private keys are lost, destroyed
or otherwise compromised, we will be unable to access our bitcoins and such private keys may not be capable of being restored by any network.
Any loss of private keys relating to digital wallets used to store our bitcoins whether by us or digital asset exchanges where we hold
our bitcoin, could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects or operations and potentially the value of any bitcoin we
mine or otherwise acquire or hold for our own account. 

Incorrect
or fraudulent bitcoin transactions may be irreversible. 

Bitcoin
transactions are irreversible and stolen or incorrectly transferred bitcoins may thus be irretrievable. While we exchange our bitcoins
directly for U.S. dollars on Coinbase and do not presently use, or expect to use, our bitcoins for any other transactions, any incorrectly
executed or fraudulent cryptocurrency transactions may still adversely affect our investments and assets. 

Forks
in the bitcoin network may occur in the future, which may affect the value of bitcoins held by us. 

A small
group of contributors can propose refinements or improvements to the bitcoin network s source code that alter the protocols and
software that govern the bitcoin network and the properties of bitcoin, including the irreversibility of transactions and limitations
on the mining of new bitcoin. This is known as a fork. In the event a developer or group of developers proposes modifications
to the bitcoin network that are not accepted by a majority of miners and users, but that is nonetheless accepted by a substantial plurality
of miners and users, two or more competing and incompatible blockchain implementations could result. This is known as a hard fork. 

25 

 Table of Contents 

The value
of bitcoin after the creation of a fork is subject to many factors, including, but not limited to, the value of the fork product, market
reaction to the creation of the fork product, and the occurrence of forks in the future. As such, existing forks, such as Bitcoin Cash
and Bitcoin Gold, and future forks may have a negative effect on bitcoin s value and may adversely affect an investment in us. 

The
open-source structure of the bitcoin network protocol means that the contributors to the protocol are generally not directly compensated
for their contributions in maintaining and developing the protocol. A failure to properly monitor and upgrade the protocol could damage
the bitcoin network and an investment in us. 

As an open-source
project, bitcoin does not generate revenues for its contributors, and contributors are generally not compensated for maintaining and updating
the bitcoin network protocol. The lack of guaranteed financial incentives for contributors to maintain or develop the bitcoin network
and the lack of guaranteed resources to adequately address emerging issues with the bitcoin network may reduce incentives to address the
issues adequately or in a timely manner. To the extent that contributors may fail to adequately update and maintain the bitcoin network
protocol, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, or operations and potentially the value of any bitcoin or
other cryptocurrencies we mine or otherwise acquire or hold for our own account. 

Banks
and financial institutions may not provide banking services, or may cut off services, to businesses that engage in cryptocurrency-related
activities. 

A number
of companies that engage in bitcoin and/or other cryptocurrency-related activities have been unable to find banks or financial institutions
that are willing to provide them with bank accounts and other services. Similarly, a number of companies and individuals or businesses
associated with cryptocurrencies may have had and may continue to have their existing bank accounts closed or services discontinued with
financial institutions. To the extent that such events may happen to us, they could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects
or operations and potentially the value of any bitcoin or other cryptocurrencies we mine or otherwise acquire or hold for our own account. 

Our
interactions with the bitcoin network may expose us to SDN or blocked persons or cause us to violate provisions of law that did not contemplate
distributed ledger technology. 

The Office of Financial Assets Control OFAC of the US Department of Treasury requires us to comply with its sanction program and not conduct business with persons named on its specially
designated nationals SDN list. However, because of the pseudonymous nature of blockchain transactions, we may inadvertently
and without our knowledge engage in transactions with persons named on OFAC s SDN list. We also may not be adequately capable of
determining the ultimate identity of the persons with whom we transact. 

The
digital asset exchanges on which cryptocurrencies, including bitcoin, trade are relatively new and largely unregulated, and thus may be
exposed to fraud and failure. Such failures may result in a reduction in the price of bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies and can adversely
affect an investment in us. 

Digital
asset exchanges on which cryptocurrencies trade are relatively new and, in most cases, largely unregulated. Many digital exchanges do
not provide the public with significant information regarding their ownership structure, management teams, corporate practices or regulatory
compliance. As a result, the marketplace may lose confidence in, or may experience problems relating to, cryptocurrency exchanges, including
prominent exchanges handling a significant portion of the volume of digital asset trading. 

A lack
of stability in the digital asset exchange market and the closure or temporary shutdown of digital asset exchanges due to fraud, business
failure, hackers or malware, or government-mandated regulation may reduce confidence in digital asset networks and result in greater volatility
in cryptocurrency values. These potential consequences of a digital asset exchange s failure could adversely affect an investment
in us. 

26 

 Table of Contents 

We
may not have adequate sources of recovery if our digital assets are lost, stolen or destroyed. 

We rely
on Coinbase to facilitate the custody of our bitcoins. If our bitcoins are lost, stolen or
destroyed under circumstances rendering a party, including Coinbase, liable to us, the responsible party may not have the financial resources
sufficient to satisfy our claim. For example, as to a particular event of loss, the only source of recovery for us might be limited, to
the extent identifiable, to other responsible third parties (e.g., a thief or terrorist), any of which may not have the financial resources
(including liability insurance coverage) to satisfy a valid claim of ours. 

Bitcoins
held by us are not subject to FDIC or SIPC protections. 

We do not
hold our bitcoins with a banking institution or a member of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FDIC or the Securities
Investor Protection Corporation SIPC ), and, therefore, our bitcoins are not subject to the protections enjoyed by depositors
with FDIC or SIPC member institutions. As a result, we may suffer a loss with respect to our bitcoins that is not covered by insurance,
and we may not be able to recover any of our carried value in these bitcoins if they are lost or stolen or suffer significant and sustained
reduction in conversion spot price. If we are not otherwise able to recover damages from a malicious actor in connection with these losses,
our business and results of operations may suffer, which may have a material negative impact on our stock price. 

The
limited rights of legal recourse available to us expose us and our investors to the risk of loss of our bitcoins for which no person is
liable. 

At this
time, there is no specifically enumerated U.S. or foreign governmental, regulatory, investigative or prosecutorial authority or mechanism
through which to bring an action or complaint regarding missing or stolen cryptocurrency. To the extent that we are unable to recover
our losses from such action, error or theft, such events could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects or operations
of and potentially the value of any bitcoin we mine or otherwise acquire or hold for our own account. 

The
sale of our bitcoins to pay for expenses at a time of low bitcoin prices could adversely affect an investment in us. 

We may
sell our bitcoins to pay for expenses on an as-needed basis, irrespective of then-current prices. Consequently, we may sell our bitcoins
at a time when bitcoin prices are low, which could adversely affect an investment in us. At this time, we do not mitigate against the
potential for decreasing price by engaging in hedging activities related to our bitcoin holdings. See the above risk factor entitled,
 The value of bitcoin may be subject to pricing risk and has historically been subject to wide swings. Because we do not currently
hedge our investment in bitcoin and do not intend to for the foreseeable future, we may be directly exposed to bitcoin s price volatility
and surrounding risks . 

Demand
for bitcoin is driven, in part, by its status as a prominent and secure cryptocurrency. It is possible that a cryptocurrency other than
bitcoin could have features that make it more desirable to a material portion of the digital asset user base, resulting in a reduction
in demand for bitcoins. 

Bitcoin
holds a first-to-market advantage over other cryptocurrencies. This first-to-market advantage is driven in large part by
having the largest user base and, more importantly, the largest combined mining power in use. Nonetheless, another form of cryptocurrency
could become materially popular due to either a perceived or exposed shortcoming of the bitcoin network or a perceived advantage of another
form of digital currency. If another form of digital currency obtains significant market share, this could reduce the interest in, and
value of, bitcoin and the profitability of our bitcoin operations. 

Our
mining costs may be in excess of our mining revenues, which could seriously harm our business and adversely impact an investment in us. 

Mining
operations are costly and our expenses may increase in the future. Increases in mining expenses may not be offset by corresponding increases
in revenue. Our expenses may become greater than we anticipate, and our investments to make our business more cost-efficient may not succeed.
Increases in our costs without corresponding increases in our revenue would adversely affect our profitability and could seriously harm
our business and an investment in us. 

27 

 Table of Contents 

The
properties included in our mining operation may experience damages, including damages that are not covered by insurance. 

Our current
mining locations and any future sites we establish will be subject to a variety of risks relating to physical condition and operation,
including but not limited to: 

construction or repair defects or other structural
or building damage; any noncompliance with or liabilities under applicable environmental, health or safety regulations or requirements
or building permit requirements; 

any damage resulting from natural disasters, such
as hurricanes, earthquakes, fires, floods and windstorms; and 

claims by employees and others for injuries sustained
at our properties. 

Although
our mining sites are equipped with standard security measures normally associated with a traditional data center, our mining sites could
still be rendered inoperable, temporarily or permanently, as a result of a fire or other natural disaster or by a terrorist or other events
outside of our control. The measures we take to prevent and insure against these risks may not be sufficient or effective. 

We
are subject to risks associated with our need for significant electrical power. 

The operation
of a bitcoin mining facility can require massive amounts of electrical power. Any mining site we currently operate or establish in the
future can only be successful if we can continue to obtain sufficient electrical power for that site on a cost-effective basis. To the
extent that we establish multiple sites, there may be significant competition for suitable locations, and government regulators may potentially
restrict the ability of electricity suppliers to provide electricity to mining operations in times of electricity shortage or may otherwise
potentially restrict or prohibit the provision or electricity to mining operations. 

Additionally,
our facilities could be adversely affected by a power outage. Although we maintain limited backup power at certain sites, it would not
be feasible to run miners on back-up power generators in the event of a government restriction on electricity or a power outage. To the
extent we are unable to receive adequate power supply and are forced to reduce or cease our operations due to the availability or cost
of electrical power, our business would be adversely affected. 

Our
operations and profitability may be adversely affected by competition from other methods of investing in cryptocurrencies. 

We compete
with other users and/or companies that are mining cryptocurrencies and other potential financial vehicles, including securities backed
by or linked to cryptocurrencies. Market and financial conditions, and other conditions beyond our control, may make it more attractive
to invest in other financial vehicles, or to invest in cryptocurrencies directly, which could limit the market for our shares and reduce
their liquidity. The emergence of other financial vehicles and exchange-traded funds have increased scrutiny on cryptocurrencies, and
such scrutiny could be applicable to us and impact our ability to successfully establish or maintain a public market for our securities.
Such circumstances could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects or operations and potentially the value of any bitcoin
we mine or otherwise acquire or hold for our own account, and harm investors. 

To
the extent that the profit margins of bitcoin mining operations are not high, operators of bitcoin mining operations are more likely to
immediately sell bitcoin rewards earned by mining in the market, thereby constraining the growth of the price of bitcoin. 

28 

 Table of Contents 

Bitcoin mining
operations have evolved from individual users mining with computer processors, graphics processing units and first-generation ASIC
servers. Currently, new processing power is predominantly added by incorporated and unincorporated professionalized mining operations.
Professionalized mining operations may use proprietary hardware or sophisticated ASIC machines acquired from ASIC manufacturers. They
require the investment of significant capital for the acquisition of this specialized hardware, the leasing of operating space (often
in data centers or warehousing facilities), incurring of electricity costs and the employment of technicians to operate the mining farms.
As a result, professionalized mining operations are of a greater scale than those prior and have more defined and regular expenses and
liabilities. These regular expenses and liabilities require professionalized mining operations to maintain profit margins on the sale
of bitcoin. To the extent the price of bitcoin declines and such profit margin decreases, professionalized miners will be pressured to
immediately sell bitcoin earned from mining operations, whereas it is believed that smaller, individual operations in past years
were more likely to hold newly mined bitcoin for lengthier periods. The immediate selling of newly mined bitcoin greatly increases the
trading volume of bitcoin, creating downward pressure on the market price of bitcoin. 

There
are risks related to technological obsolescence, the vulnerability of the global supply chain for cryptocurrency hardware disruption,
and difficulty in obtaining new hardware which may have a negative effect on our business. 

Our mining
operations can only be successful and ultimately profitable if the costs, including hardware and electricity costs, associated with mining
bitcoin are lower than the price of a single bitcoin. As our mining facility operates, our miners experience ordinary wear and tear, and
may also face more significant malfunctions caused by a number of extraneous factors beyond our control. The degradation of our miners
will require us to, over time, replace those miners which are no longer functional. Additionally, as the technology evolves, we may be
required to acquire newer models of miners to remain competitive in the market. This upgrading process requires substantial capital investment,
and we may face challenges in doing so on a timely and cost-effective basis. 

Further, the global supply of miners is unpredictable
and presently heavily dependent on manufacturers based in China, which was severely affected by the emergence of the COVID-19 coronavirus
global pandemic. We currently utilize several types of ASIC miners as part of our mining operation, including Bitmain Antminers, Avalon
miners and MicroBT WhatsMiners, which are all produced in China, Malaysia, and Indonesia. Geopolitical matters, including the U.S. relationship
with China, may impact our ability to import ASIC miners. As a result, we may not be able to obtain adequate replacement parts for our
existing miners or obtain additional miners from manufacturers on a timely basis. Such events could have a material adverse effect on
our business, prospects or operations and potentially the value of any bitcoin we mine or otherwise acquire or hold for our own account,
and harm investors. 

There
is a possibility of bitcoin mining algorithms transitioning to proof of stake validation and other mining related risks, which could make
us less competitive and ultimately adversely affect our business and an investment in us. 

Proof of
stake is an alternative method in validating cryptocurrency transactions. Should the bitcoin mining algorithm shift from a proof of work
validation method to a proof of stake method, mining would require less energy and may render any company that maintains advantages in
the current climate (for example, from lower priced electricity, processing, real estate, or hosting) less competitive. As a result of
our efforts to optimize and improve the efficiency of our bitcoin mining operations, we may be exposed to the risk in the future of losing
the benefit of our capital investments and the competitive advantage we hope to gain and may be negatively impacted if a switch to proof
of stake validation were to occur. Such events could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects or operations and potentially
the value of any bitcoin we mine or otherwise acquire or hold for our own account. 

We
may face risks of Internet disruptions, which could have an adverse effect on not only the price of bitcoin but our ability to mine bitcoin. 

A disruption
of the Internet may adversely affect the mining and use of cryptocurrencies, including bitcoin. Generally, cryptocurrencies and our business
of mining bitcoin is dependent upon the Internet. A significant disruption in Internet connectivity could disrupt bitcoin s network
operations until the disruption is resolved and have an adverse effect on the price of bitcoin and our ability to mine bitcoin. 

29 

 Table of Contents 

Since
there has been limited precedent set for financial accounting of digital assets, including bitcoin, it is unclear how we will be required
to account for transactions involving digital assets. 

Because there
has been limited precedent set for the financial accounting of cryptocurrencies and related revenue recognition and no official guidance
has yet been provided by the Financial Accounting Standards Board or the SEC, it is unclear how companies may in the future be required
to account for cryptocurrency transactions and assets and related revenue recognition. A change in regulatory or financial accounting
standards or interpretation by the SEC could result in changes in our accounting treatment and the necessity to restate our financial
statements. Such a restatement could adversely impact the accounting for the bitcoins we hold and bitcoin transactions and, more generally,
negatively impact our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 

Future
developments regarding the treatment of digital assets for U.S. federal income and applicable state, local and non-U.S. tax purposes could
adversely impact our business. 

Due to the
new and evolving nature of digital assets and the absence of comprehensive legal guidance with respect to digital assets and related transactions,
many significant aspects of the U.S. federal income and applicable state, local and non-U.S. tax treatment of transactions involving digital
assets, such as the purchase and sale of bitcoin and the receipt of staking rewards and other digital asset incentives and rewards products,
are uncertain, and it is unclear what guidance may be issued in the future with respect to the tax treatment of digital assets and related
transactions. 

Current IRS
guidance indicates that for U.S. federal income tax purposes digital assets such as bitcoins should be treated and taxed as property,
and that transactions involving the payment of bitcoins for goods and services should be treated in effect as barter transactions. The
IRS has also released guidance to the effect that, under certain circumstances, hard forks of digital currencies are taxable events giving
rise to taxable income and guidance with respect to the determination of the tax basis of digital currency. However, current IRS guidance
does not address other significant aspects of the U.S. federal income tax treatment of digital assets and related transactions. Moreover,
although current IRS guidance addresses the treatment of certain forks, there continues to be uncertainty with respect to the timing and
amount of income inclusions for various crypto asset transactions, including, but not limited to, staking rewards and other crypto asset
incentives and rewards products. While current IRS guidance creates a potential tax reporting requirement for any circumstance where the
ownership of a bitcoin passes from one person to another, it preserves the right to apply capital gains treatment to those transactions,
which is generally favorable for investors in bitcoin. 

There can
be no assurance that the IRS will not alter its existing position with respect to digital assets in the future or that other state, local
and non-U.S. taxing authorities or courts will follow the approach of the IRS with respect to the treatment of digital assets such as
bitcoins for income tax and sales tax purposes. Any such alteration of existing guidance or issuance of new or different guidance may
have negative consequences including the imposition of a greater tax burden on investors in bitcoin or imposing a greater cost on the
acquisition and disposition of bitcoin, generally; in either case potentially having a negative effect on the trading price of bitcoin
or otherwise negatively impacting our business. In addition, future technological and operational developments that may arise with respect
to digital currencies may increase the uncertainty with respect to the treatment of digital currencies for U.S. federal income and applicable
state, local and non-U.S. tax purposes. 

Risks Related to Our Securities 

The price of our common stock may be volatile and could
fluctuate widely, which could result in substantial losses for investors. 

30 

 Table of Contents 

The market price of our common stock is likely
to be highly volatile and could fluctuate widely in response to various factors, many of which are beyond our control, including, without
limitation: 

technological innovations or new products and services by us or our competitors; 

government regulation of our products and services; 

the establishment of partnerships with other technology companies; 

intellectual property disputes; 

additions or departures of key personnel; 

sales of our common stock; 

our ability to integrate operations, technology, products and services; 

our ability to execute our business plan; 

operating results below expectations; 

loss of any strategic relationship; 

industry developments; 

economic and other external factors; and 

period-to-period fluctuations in our financial results. 

In addition, the
securities markets have from time to time experienced
significant price and volume fluctuations
that are unrelated to the operating performance
 of particular companies. These market fluctuations
may also materially and adversely
affect the market price of our common stock. 

We have the right to designate and issue
additional shares of preferred stock. If we were to designate and/or issue additional preferred stock, it is likely to have rights, preferences
and privileges that may adversely affect the common stock. 

We are authorized
 to issue 10,000,000 shares of blank- check
Preferred Stock, with such
rights, preferences and privileges as
 may be determined from time
to time by our Board of Directors. Our Board of Directors is empowered,
 without stockholder approval, to issue
 Preferred Stock in one or more series, and to
 fix for any series the
dividend rights, dissolution or liquidation preferences, redemption prices, conversion
rights, voting rights, and other rights, preferences
 and privileges for the
 Preferred Stock. Currently, 2,000,000 shares are designated as Series A Preferred
Stock, of which 1,750,000 shares are outstanding,
the features of which are discussed elsewhere
 in this Annual R eport. 

The issuance
 of shares of Preferred Stock, depending
 on the rights, preferences and privileges
attributable to the Preferred Stock, could
reduce the voting rights and powers
 of the common stock and the
 portion of our assets allocated for distribution
 to common stockholders in a liquidation event,
 and could also result in dilution
 in the book value per share
 of the common stock . The preferred stock
could also be utilized, under certain circumstances, 
as a method for raising additional capital or
 discouraging, delaying or preventing a change
 in control of the Company, to the
detriment of the investors in the common stock
 offered hereby. We cannot assure that we
will not, under certain circumstances, issue
shares of our Preferred Stock. 

We have not paid dividends on shares
of our common stock in the past and have no immediate plans to pay do so in the future. 

We have not paid, and do not plan to pay,
any cash dividends with respect to our common stock in the immediate future. We plan to reinvest
 all of our earnings, to the extent
 we have earnings, in order to market
 our products and to cover operating costs and
 to otherwise become and
 remain competitive. We cannot assure
 stockholders that we would,
 at any time, generate sufficient surplus cash
 that would be available
 for distribution to the holders of our
 common stock as a dividend. Therefore, stockholders
 should not expect to receive cash dividends
 on our common stock. 

If securities
 or industry analysts do not publish or
do not continue to publish research or reports
about our business, or if they issue an adverse
or misleading opinion regarding our stock, our stock price and trading
 volume could decline. 

31 

 Table of Contents 

The trading
market for our common stock is influenced by
 the research and reports that
industry or securities analysts publish about us or our business.
 If any of the analysts who
 cover us now or in the future issue an adverse opinion regarding
 our stock, our stock price would likely
decline. If one or more of these analysts ceases
 coverage of our company or fail
 to publish reports on us regularly, we
 could lose visibility in the financial markets, 
 which in turn could cause
 our stock price or trading volume to decline. 

Provisions in the Nevada Revised Statutes and our Bylaws
could make it very difficult for an investor to bring any legal actions against our directors or officers for violations of their fiduciary
duties or could require us to pay any amounts incurred by our directors or officers in any such actions. 

Members
of our Board of Directors and our officers will have no liability for breaches of their fiduciary duty of care as a director or officer,
except in limited circumstances, pursuant to provisions in the Nevada Revised Statutes and our Bylaws as authorized by the Nevada Revised
Statutes. Specifically, Section 78.138 of the Nevada Revised Statutes provides that a director or officer is not individually liable to
the company or its shareholders or creditors for any damages as a result of any act or failure to act in his or her capacity as a director
or officer unless it is proven that (1) the directors or officers act or failure to act constituted a breach of his or her fiduciary duties
as a director or officer and (2) his or her breach of those duties involved intentional misconduct, fraud or a knowing violation of law.
This provision is intended to afford directors and officers protection against and to limit their potential liability for monetary damages
resulting from suits alleging a breach of the duty of care by a director or officer. 

Accordingly,
stockholders may be unable to prevail in a legal action against our directors or officers even if they have breached their fiduciary duty
of care. In addition, our Bylaws allow us to indemnify our directors and officers from and against any and all costs, charges and expenses
resulting from their acting in such capacities with us. This means that if one were able to enforce an action against our directors or
officers, in all likelihood, we would be required to pay any expenses they incurred in defending the lawsuit and any judgment or settlement
they otherwise would be required to pay. Accordingly, our indemnification obligations could divert needed financial resources and may
adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows, and adversely affect prevailing market prices
for our common stock. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 

None. 

Item 2. Properties 

On August 6, 2021, the Company, through its
wholly owned subsidiary CSRE Properties Norcross, LLC, closed on the purchase of real property located at 5295 Brook Hollow Parkway, Norcross,
Georgia, 30071 (the Norcross Property ). The total purchase price was 6,550,000 and the seller conveyed fee simple title
by limited warranty deed. The Norcross Property consists of an office building of approximately 86,000 square feet on approximately 7
acres of land. The Norcross Property is utilized by CleanBlok to conduct cryptocurrency mining activities. 

On May 20, 2021,
the Company, through its wholly owned subsidiary ATL, closed on the purchase of real property located at 2380
Godby Road, College Park, Georgia, 30349 (the Godby Road Property ), which it had been
leasing prior to the purchase. The total purchase price was 4,711,799 and the seller conveyed fee simple title by limited warranty deed.
The Godby Road Property consists of an office/warehouse building of approximately 41,387 square feet on approximately 6 acres of land.
The Godby Road Property is utilized by ATL and CleanBlok to conduct cryptocurrency mining activities. 

On June 15, 2021, the Company entered into
a lease for warehouse and office space at 2042 Corte Del Nogal, Suite C, Carlsbad, California, 92011. The 5-year lease is for an approximately
12,704 square foot industrial unit and part of a larger 47,744 square foot multi-tenant industrial flex building and requires monthly
base rent payments of 11,307. The leased property is utilized by our energy segment. 

32 

 Table of Contents 

On August 26, 2021, the Company entered into
a lease for office space at 2370 Corporate Circle, Suite 160, Henderson, Nevada, 89074. The 65-month lease is for 4,552 rentable square
feet an initial base rent of 10,925 and increases 3 each year. The Corporate Circle space will be utilized as the CleanSpark corporate
and executive headquarters. Until the Corporate Circle location is move-in ready, we sublease offices located at 8475 S. Eastern Ave.,
Suite 200, Las Vegas, Nevada. We are currently on a year-to-year lease agreement that calls for us to make payments of 1,525 per month. 

We also have an office located at 1185 S.
1800 W, Suite 3, Woods Cross Utah 84087. We are currently on a year-to-year lease agreement that calls for us to make payments of 2,300
per month. This property is utilized by corporate employees. 

The Company believes its existing facilities and equipment are
in good operating condition and are suitable for the conduct of its business. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 

We are subject to litigation, claims, investigations
and audits arising from time to time in the ordinary course of our business. 

For a description of our material pending
legal proceedings, please see footnote 15 pertaining to commitments and contingencies included elsewhere in this Annual Report. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

Not applicable. 

33 

 Table of Contents 

PART II 

Item 5. Market for Registrants Common Equity,
Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

Market Information 

Our common stock, par value 0.001 per share,
is listed on The Nasdaq Capital Market under the ticker symbol CLSK. 

Holders of Our Common Stock 

As of December 14, 2021, we had 185
registered holders of record of our common stock, with others in street name. 

The holders of our common stock are entitled
to one vote for each share held of record on all matters submitted to a vote of stockholders. Holders of our common stock have no preemptive
rights and no right to convert their common stock into any other securities. There are no redemption or sinking fund provisions applicable
to our common stock. 

Dividends 

There are no restrictions in our articles
of incorporation or bylaws that prevent us from declaring dividends. The Nevada Revised Statutes, however, do prohibit us from declaring
dividends where after giving effect to the distribution of the dividend: 

1. 
 we would not be able to pay our debts as they become due in the usual course of business, or; 

2. 
 our total assets would be less than the sum of our total liabilities plus the amount that would be needed to satisfy the rights of shareholders who have preferential rights superior to those receiving the distribution. 

We have never declared any dividends on shares
of our common stock, and we do not plan to declare any dividends in the foreseeable future. 

Recent Sales
of Unregistered Securities ;
Use of Proceeds from Registered Securities 

As of December 10, 2021, we issued an aggregate
of 8,404 unregistered shares of our common stock to the Sellers of Gridfabric in accordance with the Membership Interest Purchase Agreement
entered into on August 31, 2020, based upon the achievement of certain milestones. The shares had an aggregate value of 150,000. 

The shares of common stock were issued in a transaction
not involving a public offering in reliance upon an exemption from registration provided by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act, and/or
Regulation D promulgated thereunder. 

During the fiscal year ended September 30, 2021, there
were no other unregistered sales of our securities that were not reported in a Current Report on Form 8-K or our Quarterly Reports on
Form 10-Q. 

Repurchases 

The Company has not made any repurchases of
shares or other units of any class of the Company s equity securities during the fourth quarter of the fiscal year covered by this
Annual Report. 

Item 6. [Reserved] 

34 

 Table of Contents 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

Forward-Looking Statements 

The following discussion of our financial
condition and results of operations for the years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020 should be read in conjunction with our consolidated
financial statements and the notes to those statements that are included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Our discussion
includes forward-looking statements based upon current expectations that involve risks and uncertainties, such as our plans, objectives,
expectations and intentions. Actual results and the timing of events could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking
statements as a result of a number of factors. We use words such as anticipate, estimate, plan, project, continuing, ongoing, expect,
believe, intend, may, will, should, could, and similar expressions to identify forward-looking statements. 

Results of Operations for the Year Ended
September 30, 2021 and 2020 

Revenues 

We earned 49,438,115 in revenues during the
year ended September 30, 2021, as compared with 10,028,701 in revenues for the year ended September 30, 2020. 

For the year ended September 30, 2021, our
revenue was derived from cryptocurrency mining revenues, the sale of equipment, solar panels, batteries, design, engineering, and services
revenue. Income from our mining segment is a result of bitcoin mining activities in the United States. Income from our Energy segment
is the result of contracts to sell switchgear equipment, perform engineering design, and provide software for distributed energy and microgrid
systems. For the year ended September 30, 2021, we also generated services revenue from p2kLabs. We hope to generate more significant
revenue from customers through the sale and licensing of our Software platforms and services in the future. However, we
 are unable to estimate with any degree of certainty the amount of future revenues, from existing or future software contracts.
Also, we do not anticipate earning significant revenues from our Gasifier business until
such time that we have fully developed our technology and are able to market our products. 

Costs and Expenses 

We had costs and expenses of 78,015,168 for
the year ended September 30, 2021, as compared with 25,171,817 for the year ended September 30, 2020. 

Our cost of revenues were 13,964,711 for
the year ended September 30, 2021, as compared with cost of revenues of 7,907,849 for the year ended September 30, 2020. 

Our cost of revenues in 2021 was mainly the
result of mining energy costs, hosting fees, contract manufacturing expenses, and hardware materials. Our cost of revenues in 2020 was
mainly the result of contract manufacturing expenses and hardware materials. 

Mining expenses incurred during the year ended
September 30, 2021 is 4,889,996. It consisted mainly of energy costs and hosting fees paid to Coinmint. 

Contract
manufacturing expenses decreased to 3,926,060 for
the year ended September 30, 2021, from 6,704,075 for
the year ended 2020. Our manufacturing expense consisted of the cost of contract manufacturing of switchgear equipment. 

35 

 Table of Contents 

Hardware
material purchases increased to 3,205,547 for the year ended September 30, 2021, from 824,665 
 in hardware expenses for the
year ended September 30, 2020. Our materials expense for the years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020 consisted mainly of the cost of energy
storage and solar panels. 

Professional fees increased to 8,272,966
for the year ended September 30, 2021 from 6,521,016 for the same period ended September 30, 2020. Our professional fees expenses for
the year ended September 30, 2021 consisted mainly of legal fees of 4,570,216, accounting and tax fees of 1,070,174 consulting fees
of 818,741, investor relations and external marketing consulting fees of 959,717, director fees of 177,084, recruitment and conference
fees of 251,183, subcontract fees of 185,980 and audit and review fees of 214,100. 

Our professional fees expenses for the year
ended September 30, 2020 consisted mainly of consulting fees of 607,392 paid to management of the Company, stock-based compensation for
consulting of 2,265,194, sales consulting of 278,547, legal fees of 1,472,421, investor relations and external marketing consulting
of 725,347, director fees of 442,000, consulting for software and engineering of 82,031, accounting and tax fees of 186,969 and audit
and review fees of 135,060. 

Payroll expenses increased to 25,355,684
for the year ended September 30, 2021 from 6,813,641 for the same period ended September 30, 2020. Our payroll expenses for the year
ended September 30, 2021 consisted mainly of salary and wages expense of 17,624,078 and employee and officer stock-based compensation
and related bonuses of 7,731,605. Our payroll expenses for the year ended September 30, 2020 consisted mainly of salary and wages expense
of 4,293,559 and employee and officer stock-based compensation of 2,520,083. 

General
and administrative fees increased to 5,291,652 for
the year ended September 30, 2021 from 1,093,062 for the same period ended September 30, 2020. Our general and administrative expenses
for the year ended September 30, 2021 consisted mainly of marketing related expenses of 1,488,933, travel expenses of 367,632, rent
expenses of 445,944, insurance expenses of 720,053, dues and subscriptions of 1,129,963, repairs and maintenance of 174,192, supplies
of 134,163, utilities of 184,232 and bad debt expense of 246,453. Our general and administrative expenses for the year ended September
30, 2020 consisted mainly of travel expenses of 82,407, rent expenses of 117,223, insurance expenses of 232,043, dues and subscriptions
of 362,887, marketing related expenses of 153,091, and bad debt expense of 36,924. 

Depreciation and amortization expense increased
to 12,244,368 for the year ended September 30, 2021, from 2,836,249 for the same period ended September 30, 2020. 

Impairment expenses were recorded for the
year ended September 30, 2021 for 12,885,776, and no impairment expenses were recorded for the same period ended September 30, 2020.
Impairment expense for the year ended September 30, 2021 consisted primarily of bitcoin impairment of 6,608,076, goodwill impairment
of 5,723,388 and software impairment of 554,322, which represents a write down of our GridFabric product line of 250,000 and our mVSO
platform of 304,322. 

Other Income/Expenses 

We
had net other income of 6,765,043 for the year ended September 30, 2021, compared with other expenses of 8,203,027 for the year ended
September 30, 2020. Other income for the year ended September 30, 2021 consisted mainly of other income of 544,778, change in fair value
of contingent consideration of 84,198, gains on derivative assets of 2,790,387, realized gains on the sale of digital currency of 3,104,378,
realized gains on the sale of equity securities of
 179,046, interest income of 221,488 and interest expense of 154,079. Our other income/expenses for the year ended September 30, 2020
consisted mainly of other income of 20,000, unrealized gains on equity security and derivative security of 116,868 and 2,115,269 respectively,
interest income of 308,804, and interest expense of 10,758,750. 

Net Loss 

Net loss for the year ended September 30,
2021 was 21,812,010 compared to net loss of 23,346,143 for the year ended September 30, 2020. 

36 

 Table of Contents 

Non-GAAP Measures 

Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EPS is not a measurement
of financial performance under generally accepted accounting principles in the United States, or GAAP. Because of varying available
valuation methodologies, subjective assumptions and the variety of equity instruments that can impact a company's non-cash operating expenses,
CleanSpark management believes that providing a non-GAAP financial measure that excludes non-cash and non-recurring expenses allows for
meaningful comparisons between the Company's core business operating results and those of other companies, as well as providing the Company
with an important tool for financial and operational decision making and for evaluating its own core business operating results over different
periods of time. 

The Company's adjusted EBITDA measure may not provide
information that is directly comparable to that provided by other companies in its industry, as other companies in its industry may calculate
non-GAAP financial results differently, particularly related to non-recurring, unusual items. The Company's adjusted EBITDA is not a measurement
of financial performance under GAAP and should not be considered as an alternative to operating income or as an indication of operating
performance or any other measure of performance derived in accordance with GAAP. Our management does not consider adjusted EBITDA to be
a substitute for, or superior to, the information provided by GAAP financial results. 

We are providing supplemental financial measures for
(i) non-GAAP adjusted earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization, or adjusted EBITDA that excludes
the impact of interest, taxes, depreciation, amortization, our share-based compensation expense, and impairment of assets, unrealized
gains/losses on securities, certain financing costs, other non-cash items, certain non-recurring expenses, and impacts related to discontinued
operations; and (ii) non-GAAP adjusted EBITDA and non-GAAP earnings per share that excludes the impact of interest, taxes, depreciation,
amortization, our share-based compensation expense, and impairment of assets, unrealized gains/losses on securities, certain financing
costs, other non-cash items, and impacts related to discontinued operations. These supplemental financial measures are not measurements
of financial performance under generally accepted accounting principles in the United States GAAP and, as a result, these
supplemental financial measures may not be comparable to similarly titled measures of other companies. Management uses these non-GAAP
financial measures internally to help understand, manage, and evaluate our business performance and to help make operating decisions. 

We believe that these non-GAAP financial measures
are also useful to investors and analysts in comparing our performance across reporting periods on a consistent basis. The first supplemental
financial measure excludes (i) impacts of interest, taxes, and depreciation; (ii) significant non-cash expenses such as our share-based
compensation expense, unrealized gains/losses on securities, certain financing costs, other non-cash items that we believe are not reflective
of our general business performance, and for which the accounting requires management judgment, and the resulting expenses could vary
significantly in comparison to other companies; (iii) significant impairment losses related to long-lived and digital assets, which include
our bitcoin for which the accounting requires significant estimates and judgment, and the resulting expenses could vary significantly
in comparison to other companies; and (iv) and impacts related to discontinued operations that would not be applicable to our future business
activities. 

Non-GAAP financial measures are subject to material
limitations as they are not in accordance with, or a substitute for, measurements prepared in accordance with GAAP. For example, we expect
that share-based compensation expense, which is excluded from the first two non-GAAP financial measures, will continue to be a significant
recurring expense over the coming years and is an important part of the compensation provided to certain employees, officers, and directors. 

We have also excluded impairment losses on assets,
including impairments of our digital currency our non-GAAP financial measures, which may continue to occur in future periods as a result
of our continued holdings of significant amounts of bitcoin. Our non-GAAP financial measures are not meant to be considered in isolation
and should be read only in conjunction with our Consolidated Financial Statements, which have been prepared in accordance with GAAP. We
rely primarily on such Consolidated Financial Statements to understand, manage, and evaluate our business performance and use the non-GAAP
financial measures only supplementally. 

37 

 Table of Contents 

The following is a reconciliation of our non-GAAP
adjusted EBITDA to the most directly comparable financial measure stated in accordance with GAAP, which excludes the impact of (i) interest,
taxes, depreciation, amortization; (ii) our share-based compensation expense; (iii) impairment expense; (iv) unrealized gains/losses on
securities; (v) and (vi) impacts related to discontinued operations, to its most directly comparable GAAP measures for the periods indicated: 

Years Ended September 30, 

2021 
 2020 
 
 Reconciliation
 of non-GAAP adjusted EBITDA 

Net Loss: 
 (21,812,010 
 (23,346,143) 
 
 Interest and taxes 
 (67,409 
 10,449,946 
 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 12,244,368 
 2,836,249 

Share-based compensation
 expense 
 8,546,712 
 2,053,232 
 
 Digital asset impairment
 losses 
 6,608,076 

Energy other goodwill
 impairment losses 
 6,277,710 

Unrealized (gains)/losses
 of securities and derivatives 
 (2,785,234 
 2,232,137) 
 
 Discontinued
 operations 

non-GAAP
 adjusted EBITDA 
 9,012,213 
 (10,238,853) 

The following is a reconciliation of our non-GAAP
adjusted EBITDA earnings per share, in each case excluding the impact of (i) interest, taxes, depreciation, amortization; (ii) our share-based
compensation expense; (iii) impairment expense; (iv) unrealized gains/losses on securities; (v) certain financing costs and other non-cash
items; (vi) certain non-recurring expenses; and (vii) impacts related to discontinued operations: 

Reconciliation of non-GAAP adjusted EBITDA per share: 

Non-GAAP adjusted EBITDA 
 9,012,213 
 (10,238,853) 
 
 Interest and taxes (per diluted share) 
 
 1.09 
 
 Depreciation and amortization (per share) 
 0.42 
 0.30 
 
 Share-based compensation expense 
 0.29 
 0.21 
 
 Digital asset impairment losses (per share) 
 0.22 

Energy other goodwill impairment losses 
 0.21 

Unrealized (gains)/losses of securities and derivatives (per share) 
 (0.09 
 (0.23) 
 
 Discontinued operations 

Non-GAAP EBITDA per share 
 0.31 
 (1.07) 

38 

 Table of Contents 

The following is a reconciliation of fair
market value of our digital currency holdings to the current carrying value at September 30, 2021. We did not hold any digital currency
as of September 30, 2020: 

Carrying Value (1) 
 Fair Market Value (2) 
 
 Number of Bitcoins held 
 627 
 627 
 
 Value per coin (1) (2) 
 37,645 
 43,929 
 
 Total 
 23,603,415 
 27,543,483 

(1) Value per coin is the average book value
per coin determined by the number of coins held as of the balance sheet date divided by the carrying value. 

 (2) Value per coin is the quoted market price
as of the balance sheet date. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

For the year ended September 30, 2021, our
primary sources of liquidity came from existing cash and proceeds from share offerings. On March 18, 2021, the Company consummated a
fully underwritten public offering of shares of its common stock, which resulted in net proceeds to the Company of approximately 187,200,000.
On June 3, 2021, the Company entered into an At the Market Offering Agreement (the ATM with H.C. Wainwright Co.,
LLC HCW ), pursuant to which it may, from time to time, offer and sell up to an aggregate of 500,000,000 of shares of
its common stock to or through HCW. During the fiscal year ended September 30, 2021, the Company issued an aggregate of 3,443,379 shares
of the Company s common stock under the ATM for net proceeds of 46.4 million. The shares were sold pursuant to a prospectus dated
March 15, 2021 and a prospectus supplement dated June 3, 2021 filed with the SEC. Based on our current plans and business conditions,
we believe that existing cash, cash generated from operations and our ATM will be sufficient to satisfy our anticipated cash requirements
until we reach profitability, and we are not aware of any trends or demands, commitments, events or uncertainties that are reasonably
likely to result in a decrease in liquidity of our assets. However, our future capital requirements will depend on many factors including
our growth rate, the timing and extent of spending to support development efforts, the expansion of our sales and marketing, the timing
of new product introductions and the continuing market acceptance of our products and services. If cash generated from operations is
insufficient to satisfy our capital requirements, we may open a revolving line of credit with a bank, or we may have to sell additional
equity or debt securities or obtain credit facilities. In the event such financing is needed in the future, there can be no assurance
that such financing will be available to us, or, if available, that it will be in amounts and on terms acceptable to us. If cash flows
from operations became insufficient to continue operations at the current level, and if no additional financing was obtained, our business,
operating results and financial condition would be adversely affected. 

As of September 30, 2021, we had total current
assets of 57,726,321, consisting of cash, accounts receivable, inventory, digital currency, investments, prepaid expenses and other current
assets, and total assets in the amount of 317,473,121. Our total current liabilities as of September 30, 2021 were 10,063,022. We had
a working capital surplus of 47,663,299 as of September 30, 2021. 

Operating
activities used 35,429,342 in cash for the year ended September 30, 2021, as compared with 6,642,734 for the same period ended September
30, 2020. Our net loss of 21,812,010 was the main component of our negative operating cash flow for the year ended September 30, 2021,
offset mainly by stock-based compensation of 8,546,712, impairment expense of 12,885,786 and depreciation and amortization of 12,244,368.
Our net loss of 23,346,143 was the main component of our negative operating cash flow for the year ended September 30, 2020, offset mainly
by amortization of debt discount of 9,010,547, depreciation and amortization of 2,672,331, shares issued as interest of 2,050,000,
amortization of capitalized software of 163,918 and stock-based compensation of 2,053,232. 

Cash
flows used by investing activities during the year ended September 30, 2021 was 217,714,926, as compared with 2,383,623 for the year
ended September 30, 2020. Our acquisitions of Solar watt Solutions for 1,000,136,
purchase of fixed assets of 139,234,948, and deposits on mining equipment of 87,959,910 were the main components of our negative investing
cash flow for the year ended September 30, 2021. The negative cash flow from investing activities is offset by sale of digital currencies
of 11,443,132, acquisition of ATL Data
Center, net of cash received of 45,783 and sale of equity securities of 373,121. 

For the year ended September 30, 2020, our
investment in the capitalized software of 84,924, acquisition of P2K Labs of 1,141,990, acquisition of Grid Fabric of 371,812, purchase
of fixed assets of 34,897, and investment in equity and debt security of 750,000 were the main components of our negative investing
cash flow. 

Cash
flows provided by financing activities during the year ended September 30, 2021 amounted to 268,058,393, as compared with 4,313,702
for the year ended September 30, 2020. Our positive cash flows from financing activities for the year ended September 30, 2021 consisted
of 270,656,118 in proceeds from offerings, 3,750,932 in proceeds from the exercise of warrants and
options offset by repayments of 5,882,553 on promissory notes and 288,602 in finance leases. Our positive cash flows from financing
activities for the year ended September 30, 2020 consisted of 4,000,000 in proceeds from the sale of common stock, 531,169 in proceeds
from promissory notes offset by repayments of 217,467 on promissory notes. 

39 

 Table of Contents 

Contractual Obligations 

The
Company has purchase commitments for approximately 203.6 million related to purchase of miners as of September 30, 2021, and the Company
has paid 144.7 million
towards these commitments as of the end of this period. 

The
Company has purchase commitments for infrastructure assets and other mining equipment of approximately 6,512,000 as of September 30,
2021 and the Company has paid 4,576,000 towards these commitments during this
period. 

The following table sets forth certain information
concerning our obligations to make contractual future payments towards our agreements as of September 30, 2021: 

2022 
 2023 
 2024 
 2025 
 2026 
 Thereafter 
 Total 
 
 Recorded
 contractual obligations: 

Operating
 lease obligations 
 316,908 
 324,948 
 333,234 
 341,767 
 299,039 
 50,659 
 1,666,555 
 
 Finance
 Lease obligations 
 449,431 
 321,887 
 142,428 
 12,320 
 1,853 
 
 927,919 
 
 Miner
 equipment 
 58,930,880 

58,930,880 
 
 Infrastructure
 assets 
 1,936,000 

1,936,000 
 
 Total 
 61,633,219 
 646,835 
 475,662 
 354,087 
 300,892 
 50,659 
 63,461,354 

Contingent consideration 

 GridFabric: On August 31, 2020, the Company acquired GridFabric, LLC. Pursuant
to the terms of the purchase agreement, additional shares of the Company s common stock valued at up to 750,000 were issuable if
GridFabric achieves certain revenue and product release milestones. On September 30, 2021, the contingent consideration was re-measured
to 500,000. 

Subsequent to September 30, 2021, the Company settled all contingent consideration
due to GridFabric resulting in the issuance of 8,404 shares of Company common stock valued at 150,000. 

Solar Watt Solutions: On February 24, 2021, the Company acquired Solar
Watt Solutions, Inc. Pursuant to the terms of the purchase agreement, additional cash consideration of up to 2,500,000 and up to 310,018
shares of the Company s common stock may be payable if Solar Watt Solutions achieves certain revenue milestones. As of September
30 2021, none of the contingent consideration had been earned. 

Known Trends or Uncertainties 

Although we have not seen any significant
reduction in revenues to date, we have seen some consolidation in our industry during economic downturns. These consolidations have not
had a negative effect on our total sales; however, should consolidations and downsizing in the industry continue to occur, those events
could adversely impact our revenues and earnings going forward. 

As discussed in the Risk Factors section of
this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the world has been affected due to the COVID-19 pandemic. Until the pandemic has passed, there remains
uncertainty as to the effect of COVID-19 on our business in both the short and long-term. 

We believe that the need for improved productivity
in the research and development activities directed toward developing new products and/or software will continue to result in increasing
adoption of energy solution tools such as those we produce. New product and/or software developments in the energy business segment could
result in increased revenues and earnings if they are accepted by our markets; however, there can be no assurances that new products and/or
software will result in significant improvements to revenues or earnings. For competitive reasons, we do not disclose all of our new product
development activities. 

Our continued quest for acquisitions could
result in a significant change to revenues and earnings if one or more such acquisitions are completed. 

The potential for growth in new markets is
uncertain. We will continue to explore these opportunities until such time as we either generate sales or determine that resources would
be more efficiently used elsewhere. 

40 

 Table of Contents 

Inflation 

We have not been affected materially by inflation
during the periods presented, and no material effect is expected in the near future. 

Recently
Issued Accounting Pronouncements 

In
October 2021, the FASB issued ASU 2021-08, Business Combinations (Topic 805): Accounting for Contract Assets and Contract Liabilities
from Contracts with Customers, which requires contract assets and contract liabilities acquired in a business combination to be recognized
and measured by the acquirer on the acquisition date in accordance with ASC 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers, as if it
had originated the contracts. Under the current business combinations guidance, such assets and liabilities are recognized by the acquirer
at fair value on the acquisition date. This new guidance is effective for the Company for its fiscal year beginning February 1, 2023 and
interim periods within that fiscal year, and early adoption is permitted. The Company is evaluating its potential impact but
does not expect the new standard to have a material impact on the Company's results of operations or cash flows . 

In March 2020, the FASB issued ASU 2020-04,
Reference Rate Reform (Topic 848): Facilitation of the Effects of Reference Rate Reform on Financial Reporting and issued subsequent amendments
to the initial guidance (collectively, Topic 848 ). Topic 848 became effective immediately and expires on December 21, 2022.
Topic 848 allows eligible contracts that are modified to be accounted for as a continuation of those contracts, permits companies to preserve
their hedging accounting during the transition period and enables companies to make a one-time election to transfer or sell held-to-maturity
debt securities that are affected by rate reform. Topic 848 provides optional expedients and exceptions for contracts, hedging relationships
and other transactions that reference the London Inter-Bank Offered Rate LIBOR or another reference rate expected to be
discontinued because of reference rate reform if certain criteria are met. The adoption of ASU 2020-04 is not expected to have a material
impact on the Company s financial statements or disclosures. 

The Company adopted ASU 2016-13, Financial
Instruments Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments on October 1, 2020 ASU 2016-13 ).
ASU 2016-13 requires entities to use a new forward-looking expected loss model that reflects expected credit losses, including
credit losses related to trade receivables, and requires consideration of a broader range of reasonable and supportable information to
inform credit loss estimates, which generally will result in the earlier recognition of allowances for losses. As the Company was a Smaller
Reporting Company at the time of issuance of the ASU, the Company expects to adopt the ASU effective October 1, 2023, including the interim
periods within the fiscal year. In August 2020, the FASB issued ASU2020-06, Debt - Debt with Conversion and Other Options (subtopic
470-20) and Derivatives and Hedging - Contracts in Entity s Own Equity (subtopic 815-40), which reduces the number of accounting
models in ASC 470-20 that require separate accounting for embedded conversion features. As a result, a convertible debt instrument will
be accounted for as a single liability measured at its amortized cost as long as no other features require bifurcation and recognition
as derivatives. By removing those separation models, the effective interest rate of convertible debt instruments will be closer to the
coupon interest rate. Further, the diluted net income per share calculation for convertible instruments will require the Company to use
the if-converted method. The treasury stock method should no longer be used to calculate diluted net income per share for convertible
instruments. The amendment will be effective for the Company with annual periods beginning January 1, 2022 and early adoption is permitted.
The adoption of ASU 2020-06 is not expected to have a material impact on the Company s financial statements or disclosures. 

In August 2020, the FASB issued Account Standard
Update ASU 2020-06, Debt - Debt with Conversion and Other Options (subtopic 470-20) and Derivatives and Hedging
- Contracts in Entity s Own Equity (subtopic 815-40), which reduces the number of accounting models in ASC 470-20 that require
separate accounting for embedded conversion features. As a result, a convertible debt instrument will be accounted for as a single liability
measured at its amortized cost as long as no other features require bifurcation and recognition as derivatives. By removing those separation
models, the effective interest rate of convertible debt instruments will be closer to the coupon interest rate. Further, the diluted net
income per share calculation for convertible instruments will require the Company to use the if-converted method. The treasury stock method
should no longer be used to calculate diluted net income per share for convertible instruments. The amendment will be effective for the
Company with annual periods beginning January 1, 2022 and early adoption is permitted. The adoption of ASU 2020-06 is not expected to
have a material impact on the Company s financial statements or disclosures. 

The Company has evaluated all other recent
accounting pronouncements and believes that none of them will have a material effect on the Company's financial position, results of operations
or cash flows. 

Critical Accounting Policies 

In December 2001, the SEC requested that all
registrants list their most critical accounting policies in the Management Discussion and Analysis. The SEC indicated that a critical
accounting policy is one which is both important to the portrayal of a Company s financial condition and results, and requires managements
most difficult, subjective or complex judgments, often as a result of the need to make estimates about the effect of matters that are
inherently uncertain. 

Our accounting policies are discussed in detail
in the footnotes to our financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2021 however
we consider our critical accounting policies to be those related to revenue recognition, long-lived assets, accounts receivable, fair
value of financial instruments, cash and cash equivalents, digital currency and stock-based compensation. 

Our
significant estimates include estimates used to review the Company s goodwill and digital currency impairment, intangible assets
acquired, impairments and estimations of long-lived assets, revenue recognition on percentage of completion type contracts, revenue recognition
from digital currency mining, valuation of derivative assets and liabilities, available-for-sale investments, allowances for uncollectible
accounts, valuation of digital currencies, valuation of contingent consideration, warranty, and the valuations of share based awards. 
 The Company bases its estimates on historical experience and on various other
assumptions that are believed to be reasonable in the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the
carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates
under different assumptions or conditions including, but not limited to, the ultimate impact that COVID-19 may have on the Company s
operations. 

Off Balance Sheet Arrangements 

As of September 30, 2021, there were no off-balance
sheet arrangements. 

41 

 Table of Contents 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures
About Market Risk 

As a first time large accelerated filer, we
are not required to provide the information required by this Item until the first quarter after the fiscal year in which it is first determined
that we have become a large accelerated filer. 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary
Data 

Index to Financial Statements Required by
Article 8 of Regulation S-X: 

Audited Consolidated Financial
Statements: 

F-1 
 Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 F-5 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2021 and 2020; 
 
 F-6 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations and
 Comprehensive Loss for the years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020; 
 
 F-7 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity for the years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020 
 
 F-8 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020; 
 
 F-9 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

42 

 Table of Contents 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED
PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Shareholders and Board of Directors
of 

 CleanSpark, Inc. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements

We have audited the accompanying consolidated
balance sheets of CleanSpark, Inc. and its subsidiaries (collectively, the Company as of September 30, 2021 and 2020, and
the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss, stockholders equity, and cash flows for each of the two
years in the period ended September 30, 2021, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ).
In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of September
30, 2021 and 2020, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended September 30,
2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

We also have audited the Company s
internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2021, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated
Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO and our report
dated December 14, 2021 expressed an adverse opinion. 

Basis for Opinion 

The Company s management is responsible
for these financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness
of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial
Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements and an opinion on the Company s
internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting
Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with
the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with
the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the
financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial
reporting was maintained in all material respects. 

Our audits of the financial statements included
performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing
procedures that responds to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures
in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management,
as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included
obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing
and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing
such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matters 

The critical audit matters communicated
below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated
to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved
our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our
opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate
opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

F- 1 

 Table of Contents 

Evaluation of the Accounting for and
Disclosure of Digital Currency Held 

As disclosed in Note 2 to the consolidated
financial statements, the Company s digital currency held as of September 30, 2021, which mainly consist of Bitcoin, are accounted
for as indefinite-lived intangible assets, and have been included in current assets on the consolidated balance sheet. The Company s
digital currency as of September 30, 2021 amounted to approximately 23,603,000. We identified the accounting for and disclosure of the
digital currency held as a critical audit matter because, currently, no specific definitive guidance exists for the accounting for and
disclosure of digital currencies held in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States GAAP ).
The Company s management has exercised significant judgment in their determination of how existing GAAP should be applied to the
accounting for its digital currency held, the associated financial statement presentation and accompanying footnote disclosures. 

The primary procedures we performed to address
this critical audit matter included the following: 

Evaluated management s rationale for the application of Accounting
Standards Codification ASC 350 to account for its digital currency held and examined management s processes for
determining the amount of impairment expense recognized; 

Evaluated management s rationale for the inclusion of digital currency
as a current asset on the balance sheet; 

Independently and directly confirmed the balance and ownership of digital
currency that is in the custody of a third party; 

Evaluated management s disclosures of its digital currency activities
in the financial statement footnotes; and 

Examined supporting sale and cash receipt evidence for digital currency
sales, including management s processes for calculating any gains or losses on sales of its digital currency. 

Evaluation of the Accounting for and
Disclosure of Digital Currency Mining Revenue Recognized 

As disclosed in Note 2, the Company recognizes
revenue in accordance with ASC 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers. The Company provides computing power to the mining pools and
in exchange for providing such computing power, the Company is entitled to a fractional share of the fixed cryptocurrency award the pool
operator receives for successfully adding a block to the blockchain, plus a fractional share of the transaction fees attached to that
block. The Company s fractional share is based on the proportion of computing power the Company contributed to the mining pool operator
to the total computing power contributed by all mining pool participants in solving the current algorithm. During the year ended September
30, 2021, the Company recognized net digital currency mining revenue of approximately 38,846,000. We identified the accounting for and
disclosure of digital currency mining revenue recognized as a critical audit matter because, currently, no specific definitive guidance
exists for the accounting for and disclosure of digital currency mining revenue recognized in accordance with GAAP. The Company s
management has exercised significant judgment in their determination of how existing GAAP should be applied to the accounting for and
disclosure of digital currency mining revenue recognized. 

The primary procedures we performed to address
this critical audit matter included the following: 

Performed a site visitation of the facility where the Company s mining
hardware is located. The visitation included an observation of the physical and environmental controls and mining equipment inventory
observation procedures; 

Evaluated management s rationale for the application of ASC 606 to
account for digital currency awards earned; 

Evaluated management s disclosures of its digital currency activities
in the financial statement footnotes; 

Evaluated and tested management s rationale and supporting documentation
associated with the valuation of digital currency awards earned; 

Independently confirmed certain financial data and wallet records directly
with the mining pools; 

Compared the Company s wallet records of digital currency mining compensation
received to publicly available blockchain records; and 

Undertook an analytical review of total digital currency mining revenue
expected to be recognized by the Company by assessing the total hash power contributed onto the network by the Company against total block
rewards and transaction fees issued over the year. 

/s/ MaloneBailey, LLP 

 www.malonebailey.com 

 We have served as the Company's auditor
since 2018. 

 Houston, Texas 

 December 14, 2021 

F- 2 

 Table of Contents 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED
PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Shareholders and Board of Directors
of 

 CleanSpark, Inc. 

Opinion on Internal Control Over
Financial Reporting 

We have audited the internal control over
financial reporting of CleanSpark, Inc. and its subsidiaries (collectively, the Company as of September 30, 2021 based
on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of
the Treadway Commission COSO ). In our opinion, because of the effect of the material weaknesses described below on the
achievement of the objectives of the control criteria, the Company did not maintain effective internal control over financial reporting
as of September 30, 2021, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by COSO. 

We do not express an opinion or any other
form of assurance on management s statements referring to any corrective actions taken by the Company after the date of management s
assessment. 

We also have audited, in accordance with
the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB ), the consolidated financial statements
of the Company as of September 30, 2021 and 2020 and for the years then ended and our report dated December 14, 2021 expressed an unqualified
opinion on those financial statements. 

The Company acquired ATL Data Centers LLC
and Solar Watt Solutions, Inc. (collectively, the Acquired Businesses during the year ended September 30, 2021, and management
excluded from its assessment of the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of September 30,
2021, the Acquired Businesses internal control over financial reporting associated with total assets of 267.3 million (of
which 27.3 million represents goodwill and intangibles included within the scope of the assessment), and total revenues of 43.2 million
included in the consolidated financial statements of the Company as of and for the year ended September 30, 2021. Our audit of internal
control over financial reporting of the Company also excluded an evaluation of the internal control over financial
reporting of the Acquired Businesses. 

Basis for Opinion 

The Company s management is responsible
for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over
financial reporting, included in the Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting Management s
Report ). Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on
our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in
accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and
the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audit in accordance with
the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective
internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting
included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists,
and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audit also included
performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis
for our opinion. 

F- 3 

 Table of Contents 

A material weakness is a deficiency, or
combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material
misstatement of the company s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. The following
material weaknesses have been identified and included in management s assessment: (1) the Company did not adequately implement or
properly maintain controls over its financial close and reporting process, its process over the recording of energy and other services
revenue and its process over the accounting and valuation of certain aspects of business combinations involving significant estimates
and (2) the Company did not adequately design and maintain effective general information technology controls over third-party information
systems and applications that are relevant to the preparation of the Company s financial statements. These material weaknesses were
considered in determining the nature, timing, and extent of audit tests applied in our audit of the 2021 consolidated financial statements,
and this report does not affect our report on those financial statements. 

Definition and Limitations of Internal
Control Over Financial Reporting 

A company s internal control over
financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation
of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.
A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance
of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2)
provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being
made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding
prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material
effect on the financial statements. 

Because of its inherent limitations, internal
control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future
periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance
with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

/s/ MaloneBailey, LLP 

 www.malonebailey.com 

 We have served as the Company's auditor
since 2018. 

 Houston, Texas 

 December 14, 2021 

F- 4 

 Table of Contents 

CLEANSPARK, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

September
 30, 2021 
 September
 30, 2020 
 
 ASSETS 

Current
 assets 

Cash
 and cash equivalents, including restricted cash 

Accounts
 receivable, net 

Contract
 assets 

Inventory 

Prepaid
 expense and other current assets 

Digital
 currency 

Derivative
 investment asset 

Investment
 equity security 

Investment
 debt security, AFS, at fair value 

Total
 current assets 

Property
 and equipment, net 

Operating
 lease right of use asset 

Capitalized
 software, net 

Intangible
 assets, net 

Deposits
 on mining equipment 

Other
 long-term asset 

Goodwill 

Total
 assets 

LIABILITIES
 AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 

Current
 liabilities 

Accounts
 payable and accrued liabilities 

Contract
 liabilities 

Operating
 lease liability 

Finance
 lease liability 

Acquisition
 liability 

Contingent
 consideration 

Total
 current liabilities 

Long-term
 liabilities 

Loans
 payable 

Operating
 lease liability, net of current portion 

Finance
 lease liability, net of current portion 

Total
 liabilities 

Stockholders'
 equity 

Common
 stock; par
 value; shares
 authorized; and shares
 issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2021 and September 30, 2020, respectively 

Preferred
 stock; par
 value; shares
 authorized; Series A shares; authorized; and issued
 and outstanding as of September 30, 2021 and September 30, 2020 respectively 

Additional
 paid-in capital 

Accumulated
 other comprehensive loss 

Accumulated
 deficit 
 
 ) 
 
 Total
 stockholders' equity 

Total
 liabilities and stockholders' equity 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

 Table of Contents 

CLEANSPARK,
INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 

September
 30, 2021 
 September
 30, 2020 
 
 Revenues,
 net 

Digital
 currency mining revenue, net 

Energy
 hardware, software and services revenue 

Other
 services revenue 

Total
 revenues, net 

Costs
 and expenses 

Cost of revenues
 (exclusive of depreciation and amortization shown below) 

Professional
 fees 

Payroll
 expenses 

General
 and administrative expenses 

Impairment
 of goodwill 

Other
 impairment expense (related to Intangible Assets) 

Depreciation
 and amortization 

Total
 costs and expenses 

Loss
 from operations 
 
 ) 

Other
 income/(expense) 

Other
 income 

Change
 in fair value of contingent consideration 

Realized
 gain on sale of digital currency 

Realized
 gain on sale of equity securities 

Unrealized
 gain (loss) on equity security 

Unrealized
 gain on derivative security 

Interest
 income 

Interest
 expense 
 
 ) 
 
 Loss
 on disposal of assets 
 
 ) 
 
 Total
 other income (expense) 
 
 ) 

Loss
 before income tax (expense) or benefit 
 
 ) 
 
 Income
 tax (expense) or benefit 

Net
 loss 
 
 ) 

Other
 comprehensive loss 

Total
 comprehensive loss 
 
 ) 

Preferred
 stock dividends 

Total
 comprehensive loss attributable to common shareholders 
 
 ) 

Loss
 per common share - basic and diluted 
 
 ) 

Weighted
 average common shares outstanding - basic and diluted 

The accompanying
notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

 Table of Contents 

CLEANSPARK,
INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

For
 the Year Ended September 30, 2021 

Preferred
 Stock 
 Common
 Stock 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Additional
 Paid-in Capital 
 Accumulated
 Other Comprehensive Loss 
 Accumulated
 Deficit 
 Total
 Stockholders' Equity 
 
 Balance,
 September 30, 2020 

Shares issued for services 

Exercise of options and warrants 

Shares returned for settlement
 of debt 

Shares issued for business acquisition 

Shares in Escrow for business acquisition 

Options and warrants issued for services 

Shares issued under underwritten offering,
 net of offering costs 

16,978,734 

Shares returned in relation to business
 acquisition 

) 
 
 Preferred stock dividends 

) 
 
 Net loss 

) 
 
 Other comprehensive
 loss 

) 
 
 Balance, September
 30, 2021 

For
 the Year Ended September 30, 2020 

Preferred
 Stock 
 Common
 Stock 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Additional
 Paid-in Capital 
 Accumulated
 Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 Accumulated
 Deficit 
 Total
 Stockholders' Equity 
 
 Balance,
 September 30, 2019 

Shares issued for services 

Options and warrants issued for services 

Shares issued upon conversion of debt and 
 accrued interest 

Rounding shares issued for stock split 

Shares returned and cancelled 

Options issued for business acquisition 

Shares issued for business acquisition 

Shares issued upon exercise of warrants 

Shares issued under registered direct offering 

Net loss 

) 
 
 Other comprehensive
 loss 

Balance, September
 30, 2020 

The accompanying notes
are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 7 

 Table of Contents 

CLEANSPARK,
INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For
 the Year Ended 

September
 30, 2021 
 September
 30, 2020 
 
 Cash Flows from Operating
 Activities 

Net loss 
 
 ) 
 
 Adjustments to reconcile
 net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Stock based
 compensation including expenses in lieu of commission to brokers 

Impairment expense on
 digital currency 

Unrealized gain on equity
 security 
 
 ) 
 
 Digital currency issued
 for services 

Realized gain on sale
 of equity security 

Realized gain on digital
 currency 

Depreciation and amortization 

Provision for bad debts 

Gain on derivative asset 
 
 ) 
 
 Gain on forgiveness of debt 

Change
 in fair value of contingent consideration 

Amortization of debt
 discount 

Shares issued as interest 

Loss on asset disposal 
 
 ) 
 
 Impairment expense on
 capitalized software 

Impairment of Goodwill 

Noncash lease expense 

Changes in operating
 assets and liabilities 

Decrease (increase)
 in prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Decrease in contract
 assets 

Decrease
 in contract liabilities, net 
 
 ) 
 
 (Increase) in accounts
 receivable 
 
 ) 
 
 Increase in accounts
 payable and accrued liabilities 

(Increase) in digital
 currency 

(Decrease) in lease
 liability 
 
 ) 
 
 Increase in
 inventory 
 
 ) 
 
 (Decrease)
 in due to related parties 
 
 ) 
 
 Net cash used in operating
 activities 
 
 ) 

Cash Flows from investing 

Increase in deposits
 on mining equipment 

Proceeds from sale of
 digital currencies 

Proceeds from sale of
 equity securities 

Investment
 in infrastructure development 
 (81,868) 

Purchase of property
 and equipment 
 
 ) 
 
 Acquisition of ATL Data
 Center, net of cash received 

Acquisition of p2KLabs,
 net of cash received 
 
 ) 
 
 Acquisition of Solar
 Watt Solutions 

Cash consideration for
 acquisition of GridFabric, net of cash acquired 
 
 ) 
 
 Investment in capitalized
 software 
 
 ) 
 
 Investment in debt and
 equity securities 
 
 ) 
 
 Net cash used in investing
 activities 
 
 ) 

Cash Flows from Financing
 Activities 

Payments on promissory
 notes 
 
 ) 
 
 Proceeds from promissory
 notes 

Payments on finance
 leases 

Proceeds from exercise
 of options and warrants 

Proceeds from
 offerings, net 

Dividend paid 

Net cash provided by
 financing activities 

Net increase (decrease)
 in Cash 
 
 ) 

Cash and cash equivalents, including
 restricted cash, beginning of period 

Cash
 and cash equivalents, including restricted cash, end of period 

Supplemental disclosure of
 cash flow information 

Cash paid for
 interest 

Cash paid
 for tax 

Non-cash
 investing and financing transactions 

Day one
 recognition of right of use asset and liability 

Remeasurement
 of right of use asset and liability due to lease modification 

Shares
 and options issued for business acquisition 

Options
 issued for services 

Shares
 issued for services 

Shares
 issued for conversion of debt and accrued interest 

Cashless exercise of
 warrants 

Shares
 issued as collateral returned to treasury 

The accompanying
notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 8 

 Table of Contents 

CLEANSPARK,
INC. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

as SmartData Corporation. In October 2016, the Company changed its name to CleanSpark, Inc. 

CleanSpark, Inc. is
a bitcoin mining and diversified energy company incorporated in Nevada. The Company sustainably mines bitcoin and provides advanced
energy technology solutions to commercial and residential customers to solve modern energy challenges. The Company, through itself and
its wholly owned subsidiaries, has operated in the digital currency mining sector since December 2020, and in the alternative energy
sector since March 2014. 

CleanSpark, Inc. aims
to develop a long-term sustainability and clean energy plan to support its bitcoin mining operations. 

Lines
of Business 

Digital Currency
Mining Segment 

Through our
wholly owned subsidiaries, ATL Data Centers LLC ATL and CleanBlok, Inc. CleanBlok ,
the Company mines bitcoin. The Company entered the bitcoin mining industry through our acquisition of ATL in December 2020. It acquired
a second data center in August 2021 and have had a co-location agreement with N ew York-based Coinmint in place since
July 2021. Bitcoin mining has now become the Company s principal revenue generating business activity. We currently intend
to acquire additional facilities, equipment and infrastructure capacity to continue to expand
our bitcoin mining operations. 

Through our
subsidiaries CSRE Properties Norcross, LLC and CSRE Property Management Company, LLC and CSRE Properties, LLC, we maintain real property
holdings for ATL Data Centers LLC and CleanBlok Inc. 

Energy
Segment 

The
Company provides energy solutions through our wholly owned subsidiaries CleanSpark,
LLC, CleanSpark Critical Power Systems, Inc., GridFabric, LLC, and Solar Watt Solutions, Inc. These
solutions consist of engineering, design and software solutions , custom hardware solutions, Open Automated Demand response OpenADR ), solar, energy storage for microgrid and distributed energy systems to
military, commercial and residential customers in Southern California and throughout the world . 

The Company s
solutions are supported by a proprietary suite of software solutions that include microgrid energy modeling, energy market communications
and energy management solutions. 

Other
business activities 

Through our wholly
owned subsidiary p2kLabs, Inc., we provide design, software development, and other technology-based consulting services. The services
provided are generally hourly or fixed-fee project-based arrangements. 

Through ATL, we also provide traditional
data center services, such as providing customers with rack space, power and equipment, and offer several cloud services including virtual
services, virtual storage, and data backup services. 

and 
 during the years ended September 30, 2021 and September 30, 2020, respectively. While the
Company has experienced negative cash flows from operations, the Company has sufficient capital to support its ongoing operations from
cash flows provided from operational activities, including potential sale of digital currency, and has access to additional capital through
the registered sale of equity securities pursuant to a registration statement on Form S-3. In addition, the Company is continuing to
grow its business segments through which it expects to grow its working capital base. As of September 30, 2021 and September 30, 2020,
the Company had working capital of and
 , respectively. 

million of available cash on-hand and Bitcoin with a fair market value of 
million . In determining whether there is substantial doubt about the Company s ability
to continue as a going concern, the Company may consider the effects of any mitigating plans for additional sources of financing. The
Company identified additional financing sources it believes are currently available to fund its operations and drive future growth that
include (i) the ability to access capital using the at-the-market ATM equity offering program available to the Company
whereby the Company may sell additional shares of its common stock (discussed in Note 11 Stockholders Equity), and (ii) the ability
to raise additional financing from other sources. (Refer to Note 11 for further details) 

and 0,
 respectively. 

Engineering
 Construction Contracts and Service Contracts 

The Company
recognizes engineering and construction contract revenue over time, as performance obligations are satisfied, due to the continuous transfer
of control to the customer. Engineering and construction contracts are generally accounted for as a single unit of account (a single
performance obligation) and are not segmented between types of services. The Company recognizes revenue based primarily on contract cost
incurred to date compared to total estimated contract cost (an input method). The input method is the most faithful depiction of the
Company s performance because it directly measures the value of the services transferred to the customer. Customer-furnished materials,
labor and equipment and, in certain cases, subcontractor materials, labor and equipment, are included in revenue and cost of revenue
when management believes that the company is acting as a principal rather than as an agent (i.e., the company integrates the materials,
labor and equipment into the deliverables promised to the customer). Customer-furnished materials are only included in revenue and cost
when the contract includes construction activity and the Company has visibility into the amount the customer is paying for the materials
or there is a reasonable basis for estimating the amount. The Company recognizes revenue, but not profit, on certain uninstalled materials
that are not specifically produced, fabricated, or constructed for a project. Revenue on these uninstalled materials is recognized when
the cost is incurred (when control is transferred). Changes to total estimated contract cost or losses, if any, are recognized in the
period in which they are determined as assessed at the contract level. Pre-contract costs are expensed as incurred unless they are expected
to be recovered from the client. Project mobilization costs are generally charged to project costs as incurred when they are an integrated
part of the performance obligation being transferred to the client. Customer payments on engineering and construction contracts are typically
due within 30 to 45 days of billing, depending on the contract. 

The Company recognizes
energy (solar panel and battery) installation contract revenue for residential customers at a point in time upon completion of the installation.
The revenues associated with energy installations for commercial customers are recognized over a period of time as noted in the engineering
and construction contract revenue disclosure above. 

For service
contracts (including maintenance contracts) in which the Company has the right to consideration from the customer in an amount that corresponds
directly with the value to the customer of the Company s performance completed to date, revenue is recognized when services are
performed and contractually billable. Service contracts that include multiple performance obligations are segmented between types of
services. 

For contracts
with multiple performance obligations, the Company allocates the transaction price to each performance obligation using an estimate of
the stand-alone selling price of each distinct service in the contract. Revenue recognized on service contracts that have not been billed
to clients is classified as a current asset under contract assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Amounts billed to clients in excess
of revenue recognized on service contracts to date are classified as a current liability under contract liabilities. Customer payments
on service contracts are typically due within 30 days of billing, depending on the contract. 

The total revenue
recognized from sale of residential battery, residential solar and commercial solar for the years ended September 30, 2021 and September
30, 2020 is 
 and ,
respectively. 

Revenues
from Sale of Equipment 

Performance
Obligations Satisfied at a point in time. 

We recognize
revenue on agreements for equipment we sell on a standardized basis to the market at a point in time. We recognize revenue at the point
in time that the customer obtains control of the good, which is generally upon shipment or when the customer has physical possession
of the product depending on contract terms. We use proof of delivery for certain large equipment with more complex logistics, whereas
the delivery of other equipment is estimated based on historical averages of in-transit periods (i.e., time between shipment and delivery).
Generally, shipping costs are included in the price of equipment unless the customer requests a non-standard shipment. In situations
where an alternative shipment arrangement has been made, the Company recognizes the shipping revenue upon customer receipt of the shipment. 

In situations
where arrangements include customer acceptance provisions based on seller or customer-specified objective criteria, we recognize revenue
when we have concluded that the customer has control of the goods and that acceptance is likely to occur. We generally do not provide
for anticipated losses on point in time transactions prior to transferring control of the equipment to the customer. 

Our billing
terms for these point in time equipment contracts vary and generally coincide with shipment to the customer; however, within certain
businesses, we receive progress payments from customers for large equipment purchases, which is generally to reserve production slots
with our manufacturing partners, which are recorded as contract liabilities. 

Due to the
customized nature of the equipment, the Company does not allow for customer returns. 

Service
Performance obligations satisfied over time. 

We enter into
long-term product service agreements with our customers primarily within our microgrid segment. These agreements require us to provide
preventative maintenance, and standby support services that include certain levels of assurance regarding system performance throughout
the contract periods, these contracts will generally range from 1 to 10 years. We account for items that are integral to the maintenance
of the equipment as part of our service-related performance obligation, unless the customer has a substantive right to make a separate
purchasing decision (e.g., equipment upgrade). Contract modifications that extend or revise contract terms are not uncommon and generally
result in our recognizing the impact of the revised terms prospectively over the remaining life of the modified contract (i.e., effectively
like a new contract). Revenues are recognized for these arrangements on a straight-line basis consistent with the nature, timing and
extent of our services, which primarily relate to routine maintenance and as needed product repairs. Our billing terms for these contracts
vary, but we generally invoice periodically as services are provided. 

Contract
assets represent revenue recognized in excess of amounts billed and include unbilled receivables (typically for cost reimbursable
contracts) of and
contract work in progress (typically for fixed-price contracts) of and as
of September 30, 2021 and September 30, 2020, respectively. Unbilled receivables, which represent an unconditional right to payment
subject only to the passage of time, are reclassified to accounts receivable when they are billed under the terms of the contract.
There are no advances that are payments on account of contract assets that have been deducted from contract assets as of September
30, 2021 and September 30, 2020. Contract liabilities mostly represent customer deposits. The Company recorded and in
contract liabilities as of September 30, 2021 and September 30, 2020, respectively. 

The total revenue
recognized from sale of switchgear for the years ended September 30, 2021 and September 30, 2020 is 
 and 
respectively. 

Revenues
from software 

The Company
derives its software revenue from both subscription fees from customers for access to its energy software offerings and software license
sales and support services. Revenues from software licenses are generally recognized upfront when the software is made available to the
customer and revenues from the related support is generally recognized ratably over the contract term. The Company s policy is
to exclude sales and other indirect taxes when measuring the transaction price of its subscription agreements. 

The Company s
subscription agreements generally have monthly or annual contractual terms. Revenue is recognized ratably over the related contractual
term beginning on the date that the platform is made available to a customer. Access to the platform represents a series of distinct
services as the Company continually provides access to, and fulfills its obligation to the end customer over the subscription term. The
series of distinct services represents a single performance obligation that is satisfied over time. 

The total revenue recognized from design,
software development and other technology-based consulting services for the years ended September 30, 2021 and September 30, 2020 is
 
 and ,
 respectively. 

Revenues
from design, software development and other technology-based consulting services 

For service contracts performed under Master
Services Agreements MSA and accompanying Statement(s) of Work SOW ), revenue is recognized based on the
performance obligation(s) outlined in the SOW which is typically hours worked or specific deliverable milestones. In the case of a milestone-based
SOW, the Company recognizes revenues as each deliverable is signed off by the customer. 

The total revenue
recognized from design, software development and other technology-based consulting services for the years ended September 30, 2021 and
September 30, 2020 is 
 and ,
respectively. 

Revenues from
data center services 

The Company provides
data services such as providing its customers with rack space, power and equipment, and cloud services such as virtual services, virtual
storage, and data backup services, generally based on monthly services provided at a defined price included in the contracts. The performance
obligations are the services provided to a customer for the month based on the contract. The transaction price is the price agreed with
the customer for the monthly services provided and the revenues are recognized monthly based on the services rendered for the month. 

The total revenue
recognized from data center services for the years ended September 30, 2021 and September 30, 2020 is 
 and ,
respectively. 

Variable
Consideration 

The nature
of the Company s contracts gives rise to several types of variable consideration, including claims and unpriced change orders;
awards and incentive fees; and liquidated damages and penalties. The Company recognizes revenue for 

variable consideration
when it is probable that a significant reversal in the amount of cumulative revenue recognized will not occur. The Company estimates
the amount of revenue to be recognized on variable consideration using the expected value (i.e., the sum of a probability-weighted amount)
or the most likely amount method, whichever is expected to better predict the amount. Factors considered in determining whether revenue
associated with claims (including change orders in dispute and unapproved change orders in regard to both scope and price) should be
recognized include the following: (a) the contract or other evidence provides a legal basis for the claim, (b) additional costs were
caused by circumstances that were unforeseen at the contract date and not the result of deficiencies in the company s performance,
(c) claim-related costs are identifiable and considered reasonable in view of the work performed, and (d) evidence supporting the claim
is objective and verifiable. If the requirements for recognizing revenue for claims or unapproved change orders are met, revenue is recorded
only when the costs associated with the claims or unapproved change orders have been incurred. Back charges to suppliers or subcontractors
are recognized as a reduction of cost when it is determined that recovery of such cost is probable and the amounts can be reliably estimated.
Disputed back charges are recognized when the same requirements described above for claims accounting have been satisfied. 

The C ompany
generally provides limited warranties for work performed under its engineering and construction contracts. The warranty periods typically
extend for a limited duration following substantial completion of the Company s work on a project. Historically, warranty claims
have not resulted in material costs incurred. 

Practical
Expedients 

If the Company
has a right to consideration from a customer in an amount that corresponds directly with the value of the Company s performance
completed to date (a service contract in which the company bills a fixed amount for each hour of service provided), the Company recognizes
revenue in the amount to which it has a right to invoice for services performed. 

The Company
does not adjust the contract price for the effects of a significant financing component if the Company expects, at contract inception,
that the period between when the company transfers a service to a customer and when the customer pays for that service will be one year
or less. 

The Company
has made an accounting policy election to exclude from the measurement of the transaction price all taxes assessed by governmental authorities
that are collected by the Company from its customers (use taxes, value added taxes, some excise taxes). 

For the year
ended September 30, 2021 and 2020, the Company reported revenues of 
 and ,
respectively. 

Restricted cash construction escrow account 

Cash and cash equivalents per consolidated Balance
 Sheet 

Other receivables 

Retainage receivable 

Provision
 for doubtful allowances 
 
 ) 
 
 Total Accounts Receivable,
 net 

Supplies and other 

Total inventory 

The Company
has presented inventory amounting to separate
from Prepaid and other current assets to Inventory as of September 30, 2020. 

For individual
debt securities where the Company either intends to sell the security or more likely than not will not recover all of its amortized cost,
OTTI (other than temporary impairment) is recognized in earnings equal to the entire difference between the security's cost basis and
its fair value at the balance sheet date. For individual debt securities for which a credit loss has been recognized in earnings, interest
accruals and amortization and accretion of premiums and discounts are suspended when the credit loss is recognized. Interest received
after accruals have been suspended is recognized in income on a cash basis. 

The Company holds investments in both publicly
held and privately held equity securities. However, as described in Note 1, the Company is primarily doing business of in the digital
currency mining sector and alternative energy sector, and not in the business of investing in securities. 

Privately held equity securities are recorded
at cost and adjusted for observable transactions for same or similar investments of the issuer (referred to as the measurement alternative)
or impairment. All gains and losses on privately held equity securities, realized or unrealized, are recorded through gains or losses
on equity securities on the consolidated statement of operations and comprehensive loss. 

Publicly held equity securities are based
on fair value accounting with unrealized gains or losses resulting from changes in fair value reflected as unrealized gains or losses
on equity securities in our consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. 

and 
 for periods ended September 30, 2021 and September 30, 2020, respectively.
The accounts offered by custodians of the Company s bitcoin are not insured by the FDIC. The fair market value of bitcoin held in
accounts covered by FDIC limits was 
 and 
for the periods ended September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The
Company has not experienced any losses in such accounts and believes it is not exposed to any significant credit risk in these accounts. 

The Company has certain customers and vendors
who individually represented 10 or more of the Company s revenue or capital expenditures. (see Note 16 for details) 

warranty
costs and associated liabilities as of September 30, 2021 and September 30, 2020. 

shares
and shares, respectively, issuable upon exercise of outstanding options warrants and restricted stock units, as well
as shares issuable upon preferred stock conversions, that were excluded from the current and prior period calculations of diluted
net loss per share as their inclusion would have been anti-dilutive to the Company s net loss. 

Machinery and equipment 
 
 - 
 
 Mining equipment 

Leasehold improvements 
 Shorter of estimated lease term or 
 years 
 
 Furniture and fixtures 
 
 - 

for
the year ended September 30, 2021. There was no impairment
expense for the year ended September 30, 2020. 

New Acquisitions 

Impairment 

Goodwill- September 30, 2020 

New Acquisitions 

Impairment 

Goodwill-
 September 30, 2021 

The
Company amortizes intangible assets with finite lives over their estimated useful lives, which range between two and twenty years as
follows: 

- 
 
 Websites 

Customer list and non-compete agreement 
 - 
 
 Design assets 

Trademarks 

Engineering trade secrets 
 - 
 
 Software 
 - 
 
 Strategic contract 

Infrastructure asset 

Capitalized software 

Sale of digital currencies 

Realized gain on sale of digital currencies 

Digital currencies issued for services 

Impairment loss 

Balance as on September 30, 2021 

design
documentation and infrastructure design documentation, or the completed and tested product design and a working model. Significant management
judgments and estimates are utilized in the assessment of when technological feasibility is established, and the evaluation is performed
on a product-by-product basis. For products where proven technology exists, this may occur early in the development cycle. Prior to a
product's release, if and when we believe capitalized costs are not recoverable, we
 expense the amounts as part of Product development. Capitalized costs for products that are cancelled or are expected
to be abandoned are charged to Product development in the period of cancellation. 

Commencing
upon a product's release, capitalized software development costs are amortized to Cost of revenues software amortization 
based on the ratio of current revenues to total projected revenues for the specific product, generally resulting in an amortization period
of seven years for our current product offerings. In recognition of the uncertainties involved in estimating future revenue, amortization
will never be less than straight-line amortization of the products remaining estimated economic life. 

We
evaluate the future recoverability of capitalized software development costs on a quarterly basis. For products that have been released
in prior periods, the primary evaluation criterion is the actual performance of the software platform to which the costs relate. For
products that are scheduled to be released in future periods, recoverability is evaluated based on the expected performance of the specific
products to which the costs relate. Criteria used to evaluate expected product performance include: historical performance of comparable
products developed with comparable technology; market performance of comparable software; orders for the product prior to its release;
pending contracts and general market conditions. 

Significant
management judgments and estimates are utilized in assessing the recoverability of capitalized costs. In evaluating the recoverability
of capitalized costs, the assessment of expected product performance utilizes forecasted sales amounts and estimates of additional costs
to be incurred. If revised forecasted or actual product sales are less than the originally forecasted amounts utilized in the initial
recoverability analysis, the net realizable value may be lower than originally estimated in any given quarter, which could result in
an impairment charge. Material differences may result in the amount and timing of expenses for any period if matters resolve in a manner
that is inconsistent with management's expectations. If an impairment occurs the reduced amount of the capitalized software costs that
have been written down to the net realizable value at the close of each annual fiscal period will be considered the cost for subsequent
accounting purposes. 

The
following table presents the Company s financial instruments that are measured and recorded at fair value on the Company s
balance sheets on a recurring basis, and their level within the fair value hierarchy as of September 30, 2021 and September 30, 2020: 

September
30, 2021: 

Investment
 in equity security 

Investment
 in debt security 

Contingent
 cash consideration 

Total

September
30, 2020: 

Amount
 ) 
 Level
 1 
 Level
 2 
 Level
 3 
 
 Derivative
 asset 

Investment
 in equity security 

Investment
 in debt security 

Contingent
 cash consideration 

Total

and 
as of September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

The
 revenue presentation is updated to remain consistent with the business segments of the Company.
 In 2020, revenues were categorized into hardware and software related sales. In 2021, the
 Company has realigned its focus and accordingly revenue is reported based upon business segments
 of digital currency mining, energy and others. 

Product
 development expense for the year ended September 30, 2020 has been reclassified to be included
 in depreciation and amortization expense. 

In
August 2020, the FASB issued Account Standard Update ASU 2020-06, Debt - Debt with Conversion and Other Options
(subtopic 470-20) and Derivatives and Hedging - Contracts in Entity s Own Equity (subtopic 815-40), which reduces the number
of accounting models in ASC 470-20 that require separate accounting for embedded conversion features. As a result, a convertible debt
instrument will be accounted for as a single liability measured at its amortized cost as long as no other features require bifurcation
and recognition as derivatives. By removing those separation models, the effective interest rate of convertible debt instruments will
be closer to the coupon interest rate. Further, the diluted net income per share calculation for convertible instruments will require
the Company to use the if-converted method. The treasury stock method should no longer be used to calculate diluted net income per share
for convertible instruments. The amendment will be effective for the Company with annual periods beginning January 1, 2022 and early
adoption is permitted. The adoption of ASU 2020-06 is not expected to have a material impact on the Company s financial statements
or disclosures. 

shares of restricted common stock with a deemed value of calculated based on
the five-day average price to the Sellers, of which (a) shares with a deemed value of would be fully earned on closing,
and (b) an additional shares with a deemed fair value of were issued to an escrow agent and only earned by Sellers,
subject to holdback pending Sellers satisfaction of certain future milestones with 

The
Company determined the fair value of the consideration given to the sellers of SWS in connection with the transaction in accordance with
ASC 820 was as follows: 

Contingent consideration 

shares of common stock as contingent equity consideration 

shares of common stock 

Total Consideration 

Goodwill 

Other Assets and Liabilities assumed, net 

Total 

The goodwill recorded as result of the acquisition
represents the strategic benefits of growing the Company s service portfolio and the expected revenue growth from increased market
penetration. Acquired goodwill is not deductible for income tax purposes. The total purchase price was allocated to identifiable assets
deemed acquired, and liabilities assumed, based on their estimated fair values. 

In connection with the preparation of our financial statements, the Company
determined that the accounting treatment of the contingent consideration as reported in the March 31, 2021 and June 30, 2021 consolidated
financial statements needed to be revised. Specifically, the contingent cash consideration liability recorded at acquisition date
of 
 should be adjusted to 
 due to probability of non-satisfaction of future milestones. As a result, the contingent cash consideration liability recorded at acquisition
date of was adjusted to due to probability of non-satisfaction of future milestones. 

The immaterial
impacts of these adjustments for the quarters ended March 31, 2021 and June 30, 2021 are as follows: 

 Condensed Consolidated
Balance Sheet (unaudited) 

March 31, 2021 
 June 30, 2021 
 
 As Reported ) 
 Change ) 
 As Revised ) 
 As Reported ) 
 Change ) 
 As Revised ) 

Goodwill 
 
 ) 

) 

Total assets 
 
 ) 

) 

Contingent consideration - Current 
 
 ) 

) 

Total current liabilities 
 
 ) 

) 

Contingent consideration - Non Current 
 
 ) 
 - 
 
 ) 

Total Liabilities 
 
 ) 

) 

Additional paid-in capital 
 
 ) 

) 

Total Stockholders' equity 
 
 ) 

) 

Total Liabilities and Stockholders' equity 
 
 ) 

) 

Condensed Consolidated Statement of operations (unaudited) 

For the Three Months Ended March 31, 2021 
 For the Three Months Ended June 30, 2021 
 
 As Reported ) 
 Change ) 
 As Revised ) 
 As Reported ) 
 Change ) 
 As Revised ) 

Change in fair value of contingent consideration 
 
 ) 
 ) 
 
 ) 
 ) 
 
 Total other income (expense) 
 
 ) 
 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 
 Net Income/(loss) 
 
 ) 
 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 
 Net Income (loss) attributable to the Company s common shareholders 
 
 ) 
 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 

The
amortization period for customer list is estimated to be 1.5 years. The Company estimated the fair value of the identified customer list
using a discounted cash flow model. These fair value measurements were based on significant inputs not observable in the market and thus
represent a Level 3 measurement. Key assumptions include the level and timing of expected incremental future cash flows over its remaining
useful life, and discount rates the Company believe to be consistent with the inherent risks associated with customer list, which is
 . The Company believes the level and timing of expected future cash flows appropriately reflects market participant assumptions. 

The contingent
cash consideration was re-measured to 
 at September 30, 2021. The company estimates the total
contingent cash consideration to be between and based on the range of possible outcomes. In addition, the Company estimates
the total stock consideration to be between and based on the range of possible outcomes. 

Net sales and net loss of this business included in the Company s
consolidated results of operations in fiscal year 2021 were approximately and , respectively. 

ATL
DATA CENTERS, LLC 

On
December 9, 2020, the Company entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the ATL Merger with ATL Data Centers LLC ATL and its members. The Company accounted for the acquisition of ATL as an acquisition 

 of
a business under ASC 805 Business Combination. 

At the closing, ATL became a wholly owned subsidiary
of the Company. In exchange, the Company issued shares of restricted common stock to the selling members of ATL, of which: (i)
 shares were fully earned on closing, and (ii) an additional shares were issued and held in escrow, subject to holdback
pending satisfaction of certain indemnification claims and future milestones, 

The
Company determined the fair value of the consideration given to the sellers of SWS in connection with the transaction in accordance with
ASC 820 was as follows: 

shares of common stock 

shares of common
 stock held in escrow 

Total Consideration 

Of the shares held in escrow, shares
were released to the selling members of ATL and shares were returned to the Company and canceled due to nonsatisfaction of certain
indemnification claims during the year ended September 30, 2021. The remaining shares held in escrow consist of shares
subject to holdback pending satisfaction of further indemnification claims and shares subject to satisfaction of future milestones. 

In connection with the return of the shares
held in escrow that were cancelled due to the non-satisfaction of certain indemnification claims, total consideration and the related
goodwill, decreased by during the year ended September 30, 2021. 

The consideration remitted in connection with the
ATL Merger is subject to adjustment based on post-closing adjustments to closing cash, indebtedness, and transaction expenses of ATL
within 90 days of closing. The Company also assumed approximately million in debts of ATL at closing. As part of the transaction
costs, the Company issued shares of common stock for an aggregate value of to the broker which were expensed upon issuance
of the shares. 

Goodwill 

Other Assets and Liabilities assumed, net 

Total 

The
Company made measurement period adjustments, primarily to strategic contract and goodwill, to better reflect the facts and circumstances
that existed at the acquisition date. 

The
goodwill recorded as a result of the acquisition represents the strategic benefits of growing the Company s service portfolio
and the expected revenue growth from increased mcarket penetration. Acquired goodwill is not deductible for income tax purposes. The
total purchase price was allocated to identifiable assets deemed acquired, and liabilities assumed, based on their estimated fair
values. 

The strategic contract relates to supply of a
critical input to our digital currency mining business. The other assets and liabilities assumed include 
million of digital currency mining equipment and 
million of notes payable related to this equipment, which was settled by the Company during the year ended September 30, 2021. In
connection with the acquisition, the Company had acquired an operating lease related to a rental building, which had a purchase
option associated with the lease agreement. The Company exercised the purchase option to buy the property in May 2021 and, as a
result, terminated the lease. 

The amortization period for strategic contracts is
estimated to be . The Company estimated the fair value of the identified strategic contract using a discounted cash flow model.
These fair value measurements were based on significant inputs not observable in the market and thus represent a Level 3 measurement.
Key assumptions include the level and timing of expected future cash flows, conditions and demands over its remaining useful life, and
discount rates the Company believe to be consistent with the inherent risks associated with strategic contract, which is . The Company
believe the level and timing of expected future cash flows appropriately reflects market participant assumptions. 

Net sales and net income of this business included in
CleanSpark s consolidated results of operations in fiscal year 2021 were approximately 
and ,
respectively. 

P2K LABS,
INC. 

On
January 31, 2020, the Company, entered into an Agreement with p2k, and its sole stockholder, Amer Tadayon (the Seller ),
whereby the Company purchased all of the issued and outstanding shares of p2k in exchange for an aggregate adjusted purchase price of
cash and equity of . The transaction closed simultaneously upon the execution of the Agreement by the parties on January 31,
2020. 

As
a result of the transaction, p2k became a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. Pursuant to the terms of the Agreement, the purchase
price was as follows: 

a)
 in cash was paid to the Seller; 

b)
 restricted shares of the Company s common stock, valued at , were issued to the Seller (the Shares ).
The Shares are subject to certain lock-up and leakout provisions whereby the 

c)
 in cash was paid to an independent third-party escrow where such cash is subject to offset for adjustments to the purchase price
and indemnification purposes; 

d)
 
 restricted shares of the Company s common stock, valued
at ,
were issued to an independent third-party escrow agent (the Holdback Shares and will be released to the Seller upon achievement
of certain revenue milestones. During the year ended September 30, 2021, restricted shares of the Company s common stock
were released to the Seller and the balance of shares of the Company s common stock were returned and cancelled. The Holdback
Shares are subject to the Leak-Out Terms. 

The Shares and Holdback Shares were deemed to have
a fair market value of per share, which was the closing price of the Company s common stock on January 31, 2020; and 

e) common stock options that were deemed
to have a fair market value of on the date of the closing of the transaction. 

The Company accounted for the acquisition of p2k as
an acquisition of a business under ASC 805 Business Combinations. 

The Company determined the fair value of the consideration
given to the Seller in connection with the transaction in accordance with ASC 820 Fair Value Measurement was as follows: 

shares of common stock 

common stock options 

Total Consideration 

The
total purchase price of the Company s acquisition of p2k was allocated to identifiable assets deemed acquired, and liabilities
assumed, based on their estimated fair values as indicated below. 

Design and other assets 

Goodwill 

Other assets and liabilities assumed, net 

Total 

Net
sales and net loss of this business included in the Company s consolidated results of operations in fiscal year 2021
were approximately and , respectively. 

GRIDFABRIC,
LLC 

On August 31, 2020, the Company entered into a Membership
Interest Purchase Agreement (the Agreement with GridFabric, and its sole member, Dupont Hale Holdings, LLC (the Seller ),
whereby the Company purchased all of the issued and outstanding membership units of GridFabric from the Seller (the Transaction in exchange for an aggregate purchase price of cash and stock of up to (the Purchase Price ). The Transaction
closed simultaneously with execution on August 31, 2020. As a result of the Transaction, GridFabric, became a wholly owned subsidiary
of the Company. 

Pursuant
to the terms of the Agreement, the Purchase Price was as follows: 

1. 
 in cash was paid to the Seller at closing; 

2. 
 in cash was delivered to an independent third-party escrow agent where such cash is subject
 to offset for adjustments to the Purchase Price and indemnification purposes for a period
 of 12 months; 

3. 
 restricted shares of the Company s common stock, valued at ,
were issued to the Seller. The shares issued are subject to certain leak-out provisions whereby 

4. additional
 shares of the Company s common stock, valued at up to , will be issuable to
 Seller if GridFabric achieves certain revenue and product release milestones related to the
 future performance of GridFabric (the Earn-out Shares ). The Earn-Out Shares
 are also subject to the Leak-Out Terms. 

The
Shares were issued at a fair market value of 9.46 per share. The Earn-Out Shares are accounted for as contingent consideration and the
number of shares to be issued will be determined based on the closing price of the Company s common stock on the date such milestone
event occurs. 

The
Agreement contains standard representations, warranties, covenants, indemnification and other terms customary in similar transactions. 

In
connection with the transaction, the Company also entered into employment relationships and non-compete agreements with GridFabric s
key employees for a period of 36 months and plans to issue future equity compensation to said employees, subject to approval of the Company s
board of directors. 

The
Company accounted for the acquisition of GridFabric as an acquisition of a business under ASC 805 Business Combinations. 

The
Company determined the fair value of the consideration given to the Seller in connection with the Transaction in accordance with ASC
820 Fair Value Measurement was as follows: 

shares of common stock 

Contingent consideration - common stock issuable
 upon achievement of milestone(s) 

Total Consideration 

During the year ended September 30, 2021, the Company reassessed
the contingent consideration due to GridFabric to . 

A change in the fair value of the contingent
consideration of 
is included in change in fair value of contingent consideration in
Consolidated Statement of Consolidated Operations and Comprehensive Loss. 

The total purchase price of the Company s acquisition
of GridFabric was allocated to identifiable assets deemed acquired, and liabilities assumed, based on their estimated fair values as indicated
below. 

Customer list 

Non-compete 

Goodwill 

Net Assets 

Total 

Net sales and operating loss of this business included
in the Company s consolidated results of operations in fiscal year 2021 were approximately and , respectively. 

The
following is the unaudited pro forma information assuming the acquisition of GridFabric, p2k Labs, ATL, and SWS occurred on October 1,
2019: 

Net income (loss) 
 
 ) 

Net profit / (loss) per common share basic and diluted 
 
 ) 

Weighted
 average common shares outstanding basic and
 diluted 

The
unaudited pro forma consolidated financial results have been prepared for illustrative purposes only and do not purport to be indicative
of the results of operations that would have actually resulted had the acquisition occurred on the first day of the earliest period presented,
or of future results of the consolidated entities. The unaudited pro forma consolidated financial information does not reflect any operating
efficiencies and cost savings that may be realized from the integration of the acquisition. All transactions that would be considered
inter-company transactions for proforma purposes have been eliminated. 

and that
comprise of the following: 

International
Land Alliance, Inc. 

On November 5, 2019, the Company entered in a
binding Memorandum of Understanding (the MOU with International Land Alliance, Inc. ILAL ), a Wyoming corporation,
to lay a foundational framework where the Company will deploy its energy solutions products and services to ILAL, its energy projects,
and its customers. 

In connection with the MOU, and to support the power
and energy needs of ILALs development and construction of certain projects, the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement SPA ),
dated as of November 6, 2019, with ILAL. 

Investment
 in Debt Securities (Preferred Stock) and related Embedded Derivative Asset 

 Pursuant
to the terms of the SPA with ILAL, the Company purchased shares
of Series B Preferred Stock of ILAL (the Preferred Stock an aggregate purchase price of 
(the Stock Transaction ), less certain expenses and fees. 

The Company
accrued interest on our available-for-sale debt securities totaling and ,
as of September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively, presented as prepaid expense and other current assets on
the Consolidated Balance Sheets . The fair value of investment in Debt Securities is and as
of September 30, 2021 and 2020. The Company has presented loss on fair value of preferred stock amounting to for
the year ended September 30, 2021 as part of other comprehensive loss in the Consolidated Statement of Operations and Comprehensive
Loss. There was an immaterial loss or gain on the fair value of preferred stock for the year ended September 30, 2020. 

The Company has deemed this variable conversion feature
of ILAL preferred stock as an embedded derivative instrument in accordance with ASC Topic No. 815. This topic requires the Company to
account for the conversion feature on its balance sheet at fair value and account for changes in fair value as a derivative gain or loss. Unrealized
gain or loss on fair valuation of this embedded feature is recognized as an income in Consolidated statements of Operations and Comprehensive
Loss. 

Total fair value
of investment in Derivative assets as of September 30, 2021 and 2020 is and .
The Company fair values the debt security as a straight debt instrument based on liquidation value and accrued interest to date. The
fair value of the derivative asset is based on the difference in the fair value of the debt security determined as a straight debt
instrument and the fair value of the debt security if converted as of the reporting date. 

Commitment
 shares - Common stock of ILAL 

 Pursuant
to the terms of the SPA with ILAL, the Company also received shares
(commitment shares) of ILALs common stock. The commitment shares were fully earned at the time of execution of the agreement.
During the year ended September 30, 2021, out of commitment
shares, the Company sold shares
at various prices and fair valued the remaining shares
at the closing stock price of ILAL as of September 30, 2021. Realized gain on sale of shares and the unrealized loss on fair value
of the remaining shares amounted to 
and ,
respectively 

Total fair value of investment in equity securities as on September
30, 2021 and 2020 is 
 and ,
respectively. 

Investment
 in Equity Securities- LawClerk 

In
February 2020, the Company made a 
 strategic relationship investment in LawClerk for Series
A Preferred Shares of LawClerk. This investment is recorded on a cost basis and adjusted for observable transactions for same or similar
investments of the issuer (referred to as the measurement alternative) or impairment. The Company annually performs impairment analysis
on this investment and there were impairments required for the years ended September 30, 2021
and 2020. 

Total value of this investment as of September 30, 2021 and 2020
 is ,
respectively. 

Refer
the table below for a reconciliation of carrying value of all investments for the year ended September 30 , 2021 and 2020: 

- 

Unrealized
 gain on fair value recognized in income 
 
 - 

- 
 
 Balance as of September 30, 2020 

Shares
 sold during the year 
 
 - 
 
 - 

- 
 
 Realized
 gain on fair value recognized income 
 
 - 
 
 - 

- 
 
 Unrealized
 gain (loss) recognized in net income 
 
 - 

- 
 
 Unrealized
 loss on fair value recognized in other comprehensive loss 

- 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Balance as of September 30, 2021 

Websites 

Customer list and non-compete agreement 

Design assets 

Trademarks 

Engineering trade secrets 

Software 

Strategic Contract 

Infrastructure asset 

mPulse software 

Total 

September 30, 2020 

Intangible
 assets 
 Accumulated
 amortization 
 Total 
 
 Patents 

Websites 

Customer list and non-compete agreement 

Design assets 

Trademarks 

Engineering trade secrets 

Software 

mVSO software 

mPulse software 

Total 

Amortization
expense for the years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020 was 
 and 2,767,345,
respectively. 

During
the year ended September 30, 2021, the Company recorded an impairment of 
 related to write-off of software. There was no
 impairment during the year ended September 30, 2020. 

The
strategic contract relates to supply of a critical input to our digital currency mining business at significantly low prices compared
to market. During the year September 30, 2021, the initial allocation of 
 was adjusted by .
The strategic contract is now carried at 
 net of accumulated amortization of . 

The
Company expects to record amortization expense of intangible assets over the next 5 years and thereafter as follows: 

2023 

2024 

2025 

2026 

Thereafter 

In 

Impairment of goodwill 

Impairment of software 

Total impairment loss 

For
impairment relating to digital currency and goodwill, refer to Digital Currency and Business combinations, Intangible Assets and Goodwill.
(See Note 2) 

Land and building 

Machinery and equipment 

Leasehold improvements 

Furniture and fixtures 

Construction in progress 

Total 

Less: accumulated depreciation 
 
 ) 
 
 Property and equipment, net 

Depreciation
expense for the years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020 was 
 and ,
respectively. During the year ended September 30, 2020, the Company disposed of 
 of property and equipment resulting in a loss on disposal of
 .
There was no disposal
made during the year ended September 30, 2021. 

The
Company has purchased mining equipment for approximately 
 million during the year ended September 30, 2021. This primarily
consisted of miners of 
 million with the remaining consisting of ancillary mining equipment. 

College
Park Data Center: On May 19, 2021, the Company exercised its purchase option on the ATL lease agreement to purchase property for 
 million in College Park, Georgia. The property contains
approximately six acres of land and includes approximately 41,000 square feet of office and warehouse space. ATL utilizes, and intends
to continue utilizing, this space for cryptocurrency mining activities. 

Construction
in progress: The Company is expanding its facility in Atlanta, a build out adjacent to the ATL data center mentioned
above. 

Norcross Data Center : On August 6, 2021, CSRE
Properties Norcross, LLC, the Company s wholly owned subsidiary, purchased certain real property located in Norcross, Georgia for
 plus transaction and settlement costs. The property consists of approximately seven acres of land and includes an approximately
87,000 square foot office building. The Company intends to utilize this office space to conduct certain of its cryptocurrency mining
activities. 

The
Company has purchase commitments for approximately 
 million related to purchase of miners as of September 30, 2021,
and the Company has paid 
 million towards these commitments as of the end of this period.
As of September 30, 2021, the remaining commitment for future payments was 
 million. 

As
of September 30, 2021, the Company has outstanding deposits worth million to premier suppliers and manufacturers for securing our
purchases of mining equipment. 

Total 

Promissory
Notes 

On
May 7, 2020, the Company applied for a loan from Celtic Bank Corporation, as lender, pursuant to the Paycheck Protection Program of the
Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act (the CARES Act ), as administered by the U.S. Small Business Administration
(the SBA ). On May 15, 2020, the loan was approved, and the Company received the proceeds from the loan in the amount of 
 (the PPP Loan ). The Company applied for and received
loan forgiveness from the SBA on March 23, 2021. The entire principal balance and interest charges were forgiven. The gain on loan forgiveness
of 
 is included in other income in the consolidated statements
of operations and comprehensive loss for the year ended September 30,
2021. 

Finance lease cost: 

Amortization of right-of-use assets 

Interest on lease obligations 

(1)
Included in general and administrative expenses 

Other
lease information is as follows: 

Financing cash flows from finance leases 

Operating cash flows from finance leases is 
 for the year ended September 30, 2021. 

years 

years 
 
 Weighted-average remaining lease term - finance leases 
 
 years 

Weighted-average discount rate -
 operating leases 

Weighted-average discount
 rate - finance leases 

The
following is a schedule of the Company's lease liabilities by contractual maturity as of September 30, 2021: 

2023 

2024 

2025 

2026 

Thereafter 

Total undiscounted lease obligations 

Less imputed interest 

Total presnet value of lease liabilities 

Less: Current portion of lease obligations 

Total lease obligations, net of current portion 

and ,
respectively, for accounting, tax, administrative services and reimbursement for office supplies. Blue Chip is 
 beneficially owned by Mr. Bradford. None of the services were
associated with work performed by Mr. Bradford. The services consisted of preparing and filing tax returns, bookkeeping, accounting and
administrative support assistance. The Company also sub-leases office space from Blue Chip. During the years ended September 30, 2021
and 2020, 
 and ,
respectively, was paid to Blue Chip for rent. 

Bryan
Huber Former Officer and Director 

On
August 28, 2018, the Company executed an agreement with Zero Positive, LLC an entity controlled by Mr. Huber. In accordance with the
agreement with Zero Positive, LLC, Mr. Huber earned 
 during the year ended September 30, 2020. 

On
March 12, 2020, the Agreement was terminated upon the execution of a separation agreement. All amounts owed from all agreements totaling,
 90,000,
 were paid in full. 

On
September 28, 2018, in connection with the consulting agreement executed with Zero Positive, LLC, the Company issued warrants to purchase
 
 shares of common stock at an exercise price of 
 per share to Zero Positive. The warrants were valued at 
 using the Black Scholes option pricing model based upon the
following assumptions: term of , risk free interest rate of ,
a dividend yield of 
 and volatility rate of .
 As of September 30, 2020, 
 warrants had vested, and the Company recorded an expense of
 
 during the year ended September 30, 2020. 

There
were no transactions during the year ended September 30, 2021. 

Matthew
Schultz- Executive Chairman of the Board and Former Chief Executive Officer 

The
Company had a consulting agreement with Matthew Schultz, for management services. Mr. Schultz, for management services. Mr. Schultz received
 
 as compensation for his services as chairman of the board during
the year ended September 30, 2020. The agreement was terminated at the conclusion of fiscal year ending September 30, 2020 when Mr.
Schultz s position was changed from Chairman to Executive Chairman and he accepted the associated employment agreement. 

The
Company additionally entered into an agreement on November 15, 2019 with an organization to provide general investor relations and consulting
services that Mr. Schultz is affiliated with. The Company paid the organization 
 in fees plus 
 in expense reimbursements for the year ended September 30,
2020. The agreement was terminated in March 2020. 

shares of common stock and shares of preferred stock, par
value per share. As of September 30, 2021, there were shares of common stock issued and outstanding and shares
of preferred stock issued and outstanding. As of September 30, 2020, there were shares of common stock issued and outstanding
and shares of preferred stock issued and outstanding. 

On
December 5, 2019, the Board of Directors approved a reverse stock split of the Company s common stock, par value per share.
On December 10, 2019, Financial Industry Regulatory Authority FINRA approved the 1:10 reverse stock split of the Company s
common stock. The reverse stock split took effect on December 11, 2019. Unless otherwise noted, impacted amounts and share information
in the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto as of and for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2020, have been adjusted
for the stock split as if such stock split occurred on the first day of the first period presented. There is no impact of this transaction
in the year ended September 30, 2021. 

Amendment
to Articles of Incorporation 

On
October 4, 2019, pursuant to Article IV of our Articles of Incorporation, our Board of Directors voted to increase the number of
shares of preferred stock designated as Series A Preferred Stock from one million shares to two million shares, par value 
per share. 

the Certificate of Designation for the Series A Preferred Stock, holders of shares of Series A Preferred Stock are
entitled to quarterly dividends on 2 of our earnings before interest, taxes and amortization. The dividends are payable in cash or common
stock. The company paid 177,502 in preferred stock dividends during the year ended September 30, 2021. The holders will also have a
liquidation preference on the stated value of 0.02 per share plus any accumulated but unpaid dividends. The holders are further entitled
to have us redeem their Series A Preferred Stock for three shares of common stock in the event of a change of control and they are entitled
to vote together with the holders of our common stock on all matters submitted to shareholders at a rate of forty-five (45) votes for
each share held. 

The
rights of the holders of Series A Preferred Stock are defined in the relevant Amendment to the Certificate of Designation filed with
the Nevada Secretary of State on October 9, 2019. 

On October 2, 2020, the Company filed a Certificate
of Amendment to its Articles of Incorporation with the Nevada Secretary of State to increase its authorized shares of common stock to
 . 

On
March 16, 2021, the Company filed a Certificate of Amendment to its Articles of Incorporation with the Nevada Secretary of State to increase
its authorized shares of common stock to . 

On September 17, 2021, the Company filed
its First Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation (the Amended and Restated Articles with the Secretary of State
of the State of Nevada, which Amended and Restated Articles became effective upon filing. The Amended and Restated Articles were previously
approved by the Company s Board, subject to stockholder approval, on July 16, 2021, and were approved by the Company s stockholders
at the Company s Annual Meeting and, among other things, increased the Company s authorized shares of common stock to . 

Common
Stock issuances for the year ended September 30, 2021 

The
Company issued shares of the Company s common stock in connection with its underwritten equity offering at a price of
 per share for net proceeds of approximately million. 

The
Company issued shares of the Company s common stock in connection with its underwritten public equity offering at a price
of per share for net proceeds of approximately million. 

The
Company issued shares of common stock as settlement of accrued bonus compensation related to the year ended September 30, 2020.
The fair value of these shares was approximately million and was fully expensed for in the prior year. The Company issued 
shares of common stock for the current year related to bonus compensation. The fair value of these shares is approximately million. 

The
Company issued 
 shares of common stock in relation to the acquisition of ATL, which includes
 shares held in escrow. The Company issued 
 shares of common stock in relation to the acquisition of SWS ,
which includes shares held in escrow. (See Note 3 for additional details) 

The
Company issued shares of common stock for services rendered for a total fair value of approximately which has been fully
expensed during the year ended September 30, 2021. 

The
Company issued shares of common stock in relation to the exercise of stock options and warrants. (See Notes 12 and 13 for additional
details) 

The
Company issued restricted stock units to certain SWS employees as part of the transaction to incentivize the employees
for retention purposes. These restricted stock units vest over a period of . As of September 30, 2021, of the restricted
stock units had been forfeited. (See Note 13 for additional details) 

On
June 3, 2021, the Company entered into an At The Market Offering Agreement ATM with H.C. Wainwright Co., LLC, to
create an at-the-market equity program under which the Company may, from time to time, offer and sell shares of its common stock having
an aggregate gross offering price of up to to or through H.C. Wainwright Co., LLC. During the year ended September
30, 2021, the Company issued shares of the Company s common stock under the ATM for net proceeds of million. The
shares were sold pursuant to a prospectus dated March 15, 2021 and a prospectus supplement dated June 3, 2021 filed with the SEC. 

Common
stock returned during the year ended September 30, 2021 

As
a result of an adjustment of holdback shares to actual milestones earned in relation to the p2k acquisition, 8,072 shares were returned
and cancelled. (See Note 3 for additional details) 

As
a result of an adjustment of holdback shares pursuant to Article II and Schedule A of that certain Agreement and Plan of ATL Merger in
connection with the acquisition of ATL, shares were returned and cancelled. (See Note 3 for additional details) 

shares,
held in escrow as collateral, were returned from a lender on September 30, 2021. 

Common
Stock issuances during the year ended September 30, 2020 

The
Company issued shares of common stock in accordance with the terms of the convertible debt agreement due to the decrease in
stock price. 

The
Company issued shares of common stock for services rendered to independent consultants at a fair value of . 

The
Company issued shares of common stock as a result of rounding related to the reverse stock split. 

The
Company issued shares of common stock in relation to the acquisition of p2k. 

In
relation to the Securities Purchase Agreement dated December 31, 2018, the Company issued 
shares of common stock for the conversion of 
in principal and 
in interest at an effective conversion price of 
per share. 

In
relation to the Securities Purchase Agreement dated April 17, 2019, the Company issued 
shares of common stock for the conversion of 
in principal and 
in interest as a conversion premium at an effective conversion price of 
per share. 

The
Company issued shares of common stock as board and executive compensation at a fair value of . 

The
Company issued shares of common stock as a result of a registered direct offering resulting in total consideration of . 

The
Company issued shares of common stock as a result of a cashless exercise of 15,000 common stock warrants. 

The
Company issued shares of common stock in relation to the acquisition of GridFabric 

Common
stock returned during the year ended September 30, 2020 

As
a result of a note payoff on December 5, 2019, shares common stock were returned to treasury and cancelled on January 13, 2020. 

As
a result of the cancellation of an investor relations services contract, shares were returned to treasury and cancelled on February
10, 2020. 

Series
A Preferred Stock issuances during the year ended September 30, 2020 

On
October 4, 2019, the Company authorized the issuance of a total of seven hundred and fifty thousand shares of its designated
Series A Preferred Stock to members of its board of directors for services rendered. A fair value of per share was determined by
the Company. Director fees of was recorded as a result of the stock issued. 

Warrants granted 

Warrants expired 

Warrants canceled 

Warrants exercised 

Balance, September 30, 2020 

Warrants granted 

Warrants expired 

Warrants canceled 

Warrants exercised 

Balance, September 30, 2021 

As
of September 30, 2021, the outstanding warrants have a weighted average remaining term of years and an intrinsic value of . 

During
the year ended September 30, 2021, a total of shares of the Company s common stock were issued in connection with the exercise
of common stock warrants at exercise prices ranging from and , for total consideration of . 

On
September 30, 2021, a total of shares of the Company s common stock were issued in connection with the cashless exercise
of common stock warrants at exercise prices ranging from to . 

As
of September 30, 2021, there are warrants exercisable to purchase shares
of common stock in the Company and unvested
warrants outstanding that cannot be exercised until vesting conditions are met. of
the warrants require a cash investment to exercise as follows: required
a cash investment of per
share. require
a cash investment of per
share, require
a cash investment of per
share, require
a cash investment of per
share, require
a cash investment of per
share, require
a cash investment of per
share and require
a cash investment of per
share. of
the outstanding warrants contain provisions allowing a cashless exercise at their respective
exercise prices. 

Warrant
activity for the year ended September 30, 2020 

On
September 25, 2020, a total of shares of the Company s common stock were issued in connection with the cashless exercise
of common stock warrants at an exercise price of . 

to shares of common stock. 

On
September 15, 2021, the shareholders approved and the Company executed a second amendment to (i) increase the number of shares of common
stock authorized for issuance under the Plan by an additional shares, resulting in an aggregate of shares of common
stock authorized for issuance under the Plan, and (ii) revise Section 19 of the Plan to more closely align with the provisions of Section
422 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and Section 17.2 of the Plan. 

As
of September 30, 2021, there were shares available for issuance under the Plan. 

The
Plan allows the Company to grant incentive stock options, non-qualified stock options, stock appreciation rights, or restricted stock
units. The incentive stock options are exercisable for up to ten years, at an option price per share not less than the fair market value
on the date the option is granted. The incentive stock options are limited to persons who are full-time employees of the Company at the
date of the grant of the option. The option vesting schedule for options granted is determined by the Board of Directors at the time
of the grant. The Plan provides for accelerated vesting of unvested options if there is a change in control, as defined in the Plan. 

Non-qualified
options may be granted to any person, including, but not limited to, employees, independent agents, consultants and attorneys, who the
Company s Board believes have contributed, or will contribute, to the success of the Company. Non-qualified options may be issued
at option prices of less than fair market value on the date of grant and may be exercisable for up to ten years from date of grant. As
of September 30, 2021, no non-qualified options were granted to any person. 

The
Company recognized and for the years ended September 30, 2021 and September 30, 2020, respectively, in stock-based
compensation under the stock-based incentive compensation plan. 

STOCK
OPTIONS 

The
following is a summary of stock option activity during the year ended September 30, 2021: 

Options granted 

Options expired 

Options canceled 

Options exercised 

Balance, September 30, 2020 

Options granted 

Options expired 

Options canceled 

Options exercised 

Balance, September 30, 2021 

As
of September 30, 2021, there are options exercisable to purchase shares of common stock in the Company and unvested
options outstanding that cannot be exercised until vesting conditions are met. As of September 30, 2021, the outstanding options have
a weighted average remaining term of years and an intrinsic value of . 

Option
activity for the year ended September 30, 2021 

During
the year ended September 30, 2021, a total of 
shares of the Company s common stock were issued in connection with the exercise of 
common stock options at exercise prices ranging from to
 , for a total consideration of . 

During
the year ended September 30, 2021, the Company granted 
 options with a total fair value of 
 to purchase shares of common stock to employees. The Company
offset 
 of stock compensation expense against bonuses accrued during
the prior year and recognized 7,731,606 during the year. The shares were granted at quoted market prices ranging from 
 to 
 and were valued at issuance using the Black Scholes model. 

The
Black-Scholes model utilized the following inputs to value the options granted during year ended September 30, 2021: 

- 
 
 Expected term (years) 
 - 
 
 Expected volatility 
 
 to 
 
 Expected dividends 
 0 

As of
September 30, 2021, the Company expects to recognize of
stock-based compensation for the non-vested outstanding options over a weighted-average period of years. 

Option
activity for the year ended September 30, 2020 

During
the year ended September 30, 2020, the Company issued options to purchase shares of common stock to employees, the options were granted with exercise prices equal to the then current
quoted market prices ranging from to . The options were valued at issuance using the Black Scholes model and stock
compensation expense of was recorded as a result of the issuances. 

The
Black-Scholes model utilized the following inputs to value the options granted during year ended September 30, 2020: 

Fair value assumptions Options: 
 September
 30, 2020 
 
 Risk free interest rate 
 
 to 
 
 Expected term (years) 
 - 
 
 Expected volatility 
 
 to 
 
 Expected dividends 
 0 

RESTRICTED
STOCK UNITS 

The Company grants RSUs that contain either
a) service conditions, or b) performance conditions, or c) market performance conditions. RSUs containing service conditions vest monthly
or annually. RSUs containing performance conditions generally vest over 1 year, and the number of shares earned depends on the achievement
of predetermined Company metrics. 

When
the criteria for vesting is met, the Company recognizes the expense equal to the total fair value of the common stock price on the grant
date. All of the RSUs issued prior to September 30, 2021 were either vested or forfeited and cancelled. 

The following table summarizes the performance-based
restricted stock units at the maximum award amounts based upon the respective performance share agreements. Actual shares that will vest
depend on the attainment of the performance-based criteria. 

Vested 

Forfeited 

Outstanding at September 30, 2021 

As
of September 30, 2021, the Company had 
unrecognized compensation cost related to restricted stock unit awards that will be recognized over a weighted average period of 
years. 

The
Company recognized stock-based compensation expenses related to restricted stock units, of 
 for fiscal 2021. The Company recognized 
in stock-based compensation expense for restricted stock units issued in 2021 related to 2020 bonuses. 

million as of September 30, 2021
which is calculated by multiplying a estimated tax rate by the cumulative net operating loss NOL of approximately million. 

Due
to the enactment of the Tax Reform Act of 2017, we have calculated our deferred tax assets using an estimated corporate tax rate of .
U.S. Tax codes and laws may be subject to further reform or adjustment which may have a material impact to the Company s deferred
tax assets and liabilities. 

The
significant components of the Company's deferred tax assets and liabilities as of September 30, 2021 and 2020 are as follows: 

As of September 30, 
 2021 
 2020 
 
 Cumulative tax net operating losses
 (in millions) 

Deferred tax asset (in millions) 

Valuation allowance (in millions) 

) 

Current taxes payable 

Income tax expense 

As of September
30, 2021, and 2020, the Company had gross federal net operating loss carryforwards of approximately million and million,
respectively. 

The
Company plans to file its U.S. federal return for the year ended September 30, 2021 upon the issuance of this filing. Upon filing of
the tax return for the year ended September 30, 2021 the actual deferred tax asset and associated valuation allowance available to the
Company may differ from managements estimates. The tax years 2015-2019 remained open to examination for federal income tax purposes by
the major tax jurisdictions to which the Company is subject. No tax returns are currently under examination by any tax authorities. 

million related to purchase of miners as of September 30, 2021, and the Company has paid million
towards these commitments as of the end of this period. As of September 30, 2021, the remaining commitment for future payments was 
million. 

The
Company has purchase commitments for infrastructure assets and other mining equipment of approximately 
as of September 30, 2021 and the Company has paid 
towards these commitments as of end of this period. 

The
following table sets forth certain information concerning our obligations to make contractual future payments towards our agreements
as of September 30, 2021: 

Finance
 Lease obligations 

Miner
 equipment 

Infrastructure
 assets 

Total 

Contingent
consideration 

GridFabric:
On August 31, 2020, the Company acquired GridFabric, LLC. Pursuant to the terms of the purchase agreement, additional shares of the Company s
common stock valued at up to were issuable if GridFabric achieves certain revenue and product release milestones. On September
30, 2021, the contingent consideration was re-measured to . 

Subsequent
to September 30, 2021, the Company settled all contingent consideration due to GridFabric resulting in a payment of shares of common
stock valued at . 

Solar
Watt Solutions: On February 24, 2021, the Company acquired Solar Watt Solutions, Inc. Pursuant to the terms of the purchase agreement,
additional cash consideration of up to (fair valued at at acquisition date) in cash held back by the Company and
only payable pro rata to Sellers upon meeting certain future milestones and subject to satisfaction of any amounts owing from SWS to
the Company resulting from damages required to be indemnified under the SWS Merger Agreement. The contingent cash consideration was re-measured
to at September 30, 2021. 

Legal
contingencies 

From
time to time we may be subject to litigation. Risks associated with legal liability are difficult to assess and quantify, and their existence
and magnitude can remain unknown for significant periods of time. We have acquired liability insurance to reduce such risk exposure to
the Company. Despite the measures taken, such policies may not cover future litigation, or the damages claimed may exceed our coverage
which could result in contingent liabilities. 

Bishins
v. CleanSpark, Inc. et al. 

On
January 20, 2021, Scott Bishins Bishins ), individually, and on behalf of all others similarly situated (together, the
 Class ), filed a class action complaint (the Class Complaint in the United States District Court for the
Southern District of New York against the Company, its Chief Executive Officer, Zachary Bradford Bradford ), and its Chief
Financial Officer, Lori Love Love (the Class Action ). The Class Complaint alleges that, between December
31, 2020 and January 14, 2021, the Company, Bradford, and Love failed to disclose to investors: (1) that the Company had overstated
its customer and contract figures; (2) that several of the Company s recent acquisitions involved undisclosed related party transactions;
and (3) that, as a result of the foregoing, Defendants positive statements about the Company s business, operations, and
prospects were materially misleading and/or lacked a reasonable basis. (the Class Allegations ). The Class Complaint
seeks: (a) certification of the Class, (b) an award of compensatory damages to the Class, and (c) an award of reasonable costs and expenses
incurred by the Class in the litigation. To date, no class has been certified in the Class Action. Currently, there is a pending motion
to appoint lead class plaintiff, at which point dispositive motions may be filed. 

Although
the ultimate outcome of the Class Action cannot be determined with certainty, the Company stands behind all of its prior statements and
disclosures and believes that the claims raised in the Class Complaint are entirely without merit. The Company intends to both defend
itself vigorously against these claims and to vigorously prosecute any counterclaims. 

Notwithstanding
the Class Allegations lack of merit, however, the Class Action may distract the Company and cost the Company s management
time, effort and expense to defend against the claims made in the Class Complaint. Notwithstanding the Company s belief that the
Company and its management have complied with all of their obligations under applicable securities regulations, no assurance can be given
as to the outcome of the Class Action, and in the event the Company does not prevail in such action, the Company, its business, financial
condition and results of operations would be materially and adversely affected. 

Ciceri,
derivatively on behalf of CleanSpark, Inc., v. Bradford, Love, Schultz, Beynon, McNeill, and Wood (consolidated with Perna, derivatively
on behalf of CleanSpark, Inc., v. Bradford, Love, Schultz, Beynon, McNeill, and Wood) 

On May 26, 2021, Andrea
Ciceri Ciceri ), derivatively on behalf of CleanSpark, Inc., filed a verified shareholder derivative action (the Ciceri
Derivative Action in the United States District Court in the District of Nevada against Chief Executive Officer, Zachary Bradford Bradford ), Chief Financial Officer, Lori Love Love and Directors Matthew Schultz, Roger Beynon, Larry
McNeill and Tom Wood (Bradford, Love and Directors collectively referred to as Defendants. On June 22, 2021, Mark Perna Perna filed a verified shareholder derivative action (the Perna Derivative Action in the same Court against
the same Defendants making substantially similar allegations. On June 29, 2021, the court consolidated the Ciceri Derivative Action with
the Perna Derivative Action in accordance with a stipulation among the parties (the consolidated case referred to as the Derivative
Action ). The Derivative Action alleges that Defendants: (1) made materially false and misleading public statements about the Company s
business and prospects; (2) did not maintain adequate internal controls; and (3) did not disclose several related party transactions
benefitting insiders, questionable uses of corporate assets, and excessive compensation. The claims asserted
against all Defendants include breach of fiduciary duties, unjust enrichment, abuse of control, gross mismanagement, and waste of corporate
assets. A claim for contribution under Sections 10(b) and 21D of the Securities and Exchange Act is asserted against only Bradford and
Love. The Derivative Action seeks declaratory relief, monetary damages, and imposition of adequate corporate governance and internal
controls. Plaintiffs were given the opportunity to submit an Amended Complaint by November 25, 2021, but elected not to. Defendants 
Motion to Dismiss will be due by January 20, 2022. 

Although
the ultimate outcome of the Derivative Action cannot be determined with certainty, the Company stands behind all of its prior statements
and disclosures, and believes that the claims raised in that case are entirely without merit. The Company intends to both defend itself
vigorously against these claims and to vigorously prosecute any counterclaims. 

Notwithstanding
the Derivative Action s lack of merit, however, it may distract the Company and cost the Company s management time, effort
and expense to defend against the claims. Notwithstanding the Company s belief that the Company and its management have complied
with all of their obligations under applicable securities regulations, no assurance can be given as to the outcome of the Derivative
Action, and in the event the Company does not prevail in such action, the Company, its business, financial condition and results of operations
would be materially and adversely affected. 

Mining Pool Operator B 

For
the year ended September 30, 2021, the Company had the following significant suppliers of mining equipment. 

Vendor B 

Vendor C 

Energy
Segment 

 For
the years ended September 30, 2021 and September 2020, the energy business had the following customers that represented more than 10 
of revenue. 

Customer B 

Customer C 

For
the years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020, the Company had the following suppliers that represented more than 10 of direct
material costs. 

Vendor B 

Digital Currency Mining 

Total segment revenues 

Other revenue and eliminations 

Consolidated Revenues 

Profit 

Energy 
 
 ) 
 
 Digital Currency Mining 

Total segment profit/(loss) 
 
 ) 

Corporate items and eliminations (including depreciation and amortization) 
 
 ) 
 
 Net loss 
 
 ) 

For
details on major customers of Digital currency and Energy segment, see Note 16. 

A
summary of segment assets is as follows: 

September
 30, 2021 
 September
 30, 2020 

Digital Currency Mining 

Energy 

Other and Corporate assets 

Total 

The
Company has its geographic operations only in United States. 

Total
additions in long-lived assets during the years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020: 

September 30,2021 
 September 30,2020 

Digital Currency 
 Energy 
 Corporate 
 Digital Currency 
 Energy 
 Corporate 
 
 Property Plant and Equipment 

Intangibles 

Capitalized software 

Total 
 154,625,336 
 402,178 
 972 
 
 1,495,494 
 851,108 

F- 44 

 Table of Contents 

Item
9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

None. 

Item
9A. Controls and Procedures 

EVALUATION
OF DISCLOSURE CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

In connection with the preparation of this
Annual Report on Form 10-K, our management conducted an assessment of the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting
as of the end of the period covered by this report (under the supervision and with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer CEO and Chief Financial Officer CFO ). Based on that assessment, our CEO and CFO have concluded that our disclosure controls
and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) or 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) were not effective due to material weaknesses in internal
control over financial reporting, as described below. Management s assessment of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and
procedures is expressed at a level of reasonable assurance because management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how
well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives. 

MANAGEMENTS REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL
OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING 

Our management is responsible for establishing
and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act. Our
internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. GAAP and includes those policies and procedures
that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect our transactions; (2) provide reasonable
assurance that our transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with appropriate authorizations; and (3)
provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that
could have a material effect on our financial statements. 

Because of its inherent limitations, internal
control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness for future periods
are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the
policies or procedures may deteriorate. No evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances
of fraud, if any, have been detected. 

Under the supervision of and with the participation of our management,
we assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2021, using the criteria set forth
by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013). We excluded
from our assessment the internal control over financial reporting of ATL Data Centers LLC and Solar Watt Solutions, Inc. with total assets
of 267.3 million (of which 27.3 million represents goodwill and intangibles included within the scope of the assessment), and total
revenues of 43.2 million included in the consolidated financial statements of the Company as of and for the year ended September 30,
2021.As part of our assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2021, management
identified the following material weaknesses: (1) the Company did not adequately implement or properly maintain controls over its financial
close and reporting process, its process over the recording of energy and other services revenue and its process over the accounting and
valuation of certain aspects of business combinations involving significant estimates and (2) the Company did not adequately design and
maintain effective general information technology controls over third-party information systems and applications that are relevant to
the preparation of the Company s financial statements: 

Financial Close and Reporting: 
Controls over financial statement reviews, specific to the appropriate reconciliation of certain balance sheet accounts, were not
operating effectively. 

o Recording of Revenues for
certain non-principal revenue generating subsidiaries: Controls over the recording and processing of revenue for certain non-principal
revenue generating entities, specifically, p2kLabs, Inc, GridFabric, LLC and CleanSpark, LLC, lack the level of precision necessary to
ensure the completeness and accuracy of revenue recorded. 

o Business Combinations: Controls
designed to properly consider and evaluate certain aspects of our business combinations and related reporting units did not operate effectively
to identify all necessary adjustments made to the purchase price during the valuation process and the related goodwill balances recorded.
This includes controls around business combination accounting, specifically as it relates to the valuation of contingent consideration
as part of the purchase price underlying the business combinations, as well as the identification of reporting units. 

43 

 Table of Contents 

Information and Technology Controls: Certain individual control deficiencies related to information technology IT general controls and report reviews aggregate into a material weakness, as follows: 

o 
 Certain process-level and IT-dependent controls over user access to IT programs and applications, specifically utilized for hosting services and file storage, were not effective. 

o 
 Controls relating to the evaluation of service organization controls reports were not performed over certain third-party service providers to cover the entire fiscal year. 

A material weakness is a deficiency,
or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material
misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis 

These material weaknesses did not result
in any identified material misstatements to the financial statements, and there were no changes to previously released financial results.
Based on these material weaknesses, management concluded that at September 30, 2021, internal control over financial reporting was not
effective. 

Our independent registered public accounting
firm, MaloneBailey, LLP has issued an adverse audit report on the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting as of September
30, 2021, which appears on page F-2. 

Following identification of the material weaknesses
and prior to filing this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we completed substantive procedures for the year ended September 30, 2021. Based
on these procedures, management believes that our consolidated financial statements included in this Form 10-K have been prepared in accordance
with U.S. GAAP. Our CEO and CFO has certified that, based on their knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information
included in this Form 10-K, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of CleanSpark
as of, and for, the periods presented in this Form 10-K. MaloneBailey, LLP has issued an unqualified opinion on our financial statements,
which appears on page F-1. 

REMEDIATION 

 Management has been implementing and continues to
implement measures designed to ensure that control deficiencies contributing to the material weakness are remediated, such that these
controls are designed, implemented, and operating effectively. The remediation actions include the following: 

additional qualified staff were
appointed during the year-ended September 30, 2021 and subsequent to year-end to ensure appropriate reviews occur 

the implementation of additional
monitoring of controls to improve documentation of internal control procedures 

expanding the management and
governance over IT system controls; and 

implementing enhanced process
controls around internal user access management including provisioning, removal, and periodic review 

We believe that these actions will remediate the material weaknesses,
once management has performed its assessment of our internal controls over financial reporting including the remedial measures described
above. The weaknesses will not be considered remediated, however, until the applicable controls operate for a sufficient period of time
and management has concluded, through testing, that these controls are operating effectively. We expect that the remediation of these
material weaknesses will be completed prior to the end of fiscal year 2022. 

CHANGES
IN INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING 

 Except for the material weaknesses identified
during the quarter, as of September 30, 2021, and except for the remedial measures described above, there have been no other changes in
our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) or 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act) that occurred during the
fourth quarter of fiscal year 2021 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal
control over financial reporting. 

44 

 Table of Contents 

INHERENT LIMITATIONS ON INTERNAL CONTROLS 

 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial
reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness for future periods are subject to the
risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures
may deteriorate. No evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, have
been detected. 

Item
9B. Other Information 

None. 

PART
III 

Item
10 Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance 

Information
required by Item 10 is incorporated by reference from the Company s definitive proxy statement, to be filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission within 120 days after the end of the fiscal year covered by this Annual Report. 

Item
11 Executive Compensation 

The
information required by Item 11 is incorporated by reference from the Company s definitive proxy statement, to be filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days after the end of the fiscal year covered by this Annual Report. 

Item
12 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

The
information required by Item 12 is incorporated by reference from the Company s definitive proxy statement, to be filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days after the end of the fiscal year covered by this Annual Report. 

Item
13 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

The
information required by Item 13 is incorporated by reference from the Company s definitive proxy statement, to be filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days after the end of the fiscal year covered by this Annual Report. 

Item
14 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 

The
information required by Item 14 is incorporated by reference from the Company s definitive proxy statement, to be filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days after the end of the fiscal year covered by this Annual Report. 

45 

 Table of Contents 

PART
IV 

Item
15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 

(a) 

1. 
Financial Statements. The consolidated financial statements are included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K beginning
on page F-2. 

2. 
Financial Statement Schedules. Schedules are not submitted because they are not applicable or not required under Regulation S-X or because
the required information is included in the financial statements or notes thereto. 

3. 
Exhibits required to be filed by Item 601 of Regulation S-K. The information called for by this Item is incorporated by reference from
the Index to Exhibits included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Exhibit
 Number 
 Exhibit
 Description 
 Form 
 File
 No. 
 Exhibit
 Filing Date 
 Filing
 Date 
 Filed
 Herewith 

2.1 
 Agreement
 and Plan of Merger by and between the Company and Pioneer Critical Power, Inc., dated January 22, 2019 
 8-K 
 000-53498 
 2.1 
 January
 24, 2019 

2.2 
 Stock
 Purchase Agreement by and between p2klabs, Inc., Amer Tadayon and the Company, dated January 31, 2020 
 8-K 
 001-39187 
 2.1 
 February
 6, 2020 

2.3
 
 Agreement
 and Plan of Merger, dated as of December 9, 2020, by and among CleanSpark, Inc., ATL Data Centers LLC, CLSK Merger Sub, LLC and the
 Sellers 
 8-K 
 001-39187 
 2.1 
 December
 10, 2020 

3.1 
 Articles
 of Incorporation, dated October 9, 1987 
 10-12G 
 000-53498 
 3.1 
 November
 17, 2008 

3.2 
 Amendment
 to Articles of Incorporation, dated October 9, 1987 
 10-12G 
 000-53498 
 3.1A 
 November
 17, 2008 

3.3 
 Bylaws,
 dated October 15, 1987 
 10-12G 
 000-53498 
 3.2 
 November
 17, 2008 

3.4 
 Amended
 Bylaws, dated February 5, 2013 
 8-K 
 000-53498 
 3.1 
 February
 12, 2013 

3.5 
 Certificate
 of Change, dated February 26, 2013 
 8-K 
 000-53498 
 3.1 
 February
 26, 2013 

3.6 
 Article
 of Merger, dated November 14, 2021 
 8-K 
 000-53498 
 3.1 
 December
 1, 2014 

3.7 
 Certificate
 of Amendment, dated April 15, 2015 
 8-K 
 000-53498 
 3.1 
 April
 16, 2015 

46 

 Table of Contents 

3.8 
 Certificate
 of Designation, dated April 15, 2015 
 8-K 
 000-53498 
 3.2 
 April
 16, 2015 

3.9 
 Certificate
 of Change, dated May 6, 2015 
 8-K 
 000-53498 
 3.1 
 May
 13, 2015 

3.10 
 Article
 of Merger, dated October 31, 2016 
 8-K 
 000-53498 
 3.1 
 November
 14, 2016 

3.11 
 Certificate
 of Designation, dated April 16, 2019 
 8-K 
 000-53498 
 3.1 
 April
 18, 2019 

3.12 
 Certificate
 of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation, dated August 9, 2019 
 DEF
 14C 
 000-53498 
 Appendix
 A 
 July
 12, 2019 

3.13 
 Amendment
 to Certificate of Designation, dated October 9, 2019 
 8-K 
 000-53498 
 3.1 
 October
 9, 2019 

3.14 
 Certificate
 of Change, dated December 4, 2019 
 8-K 
 000-53498 
 3.1 
 December
 10, 2019 

3.15 
 Certificate
 of Withdrawal of Series B Preferred Stock Certificate of Designation, dated March 10, 2020 
 8-K 
 001-39187 
 3.1 
 March
 10, 2020 

3.16 
 Certificate
 of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation of CleanSpark, Inc., dated October 2, 2020 
 DEF
 14C 
 000-53498 
 Appendix
 A 
 July
 28, 2020 

3.17 
 Certificate
 of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation of CleanSpark, Inc., dated March 16, 2021 . 
 8-K 
 001-39187
 
 3.1
 
 March
 18, 2021 

3.18 
 First
 Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of CleanSpark, Inc., dated September 17, 2021 
 8-K
 
 001-39187
 
 3.1
 
 September
 17, 2021 

3.19 
 First
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of CleanSpark, Inc., 2017 Incentive Plan, dated September 17, 2021 
 8-K
 
 001-39187
 
 3.2
 
 September
 17, 2021 

4.1 
 Form
 of Senior Secured Redeemable Convertible Debenture, dated December 31, 2018 issued to the Investor 
 8-K 
 000-53498 
 4.1 
 December
 31, 2018 

4.2 
 Form
 of Common Stock Purchase Warrant, dated December 31, 2018, issued to the Investor 
 8-K 
 000-53498 
 4.2 
 December
 31, 2018 

4.3 
 Form
 of Senior Secured Redeemable Convertible Promissory Note, dated April 17, 2019, issued to the Investor 
 8-K 
 000-53498 
 4.1 
 April
 18, 2019 

47 

 Table of Contents 

4.4 
 Form
 of Common Stock Purchase Warrant, dated December 31, 2018, issued to the Investor 
 8-K 
 000-53498 
 4.2 
 April
 18, 2019 

10.1 + 
 CleanSpark,
 Inc. 2017 Equity Incentive Plan 
 S-8 
 333-218831 
 10.12 
 June
 19, 2017 

10.2 
 Form
 of Securities Purchase Agreement, dated December 31, 2018, between CleanSpark Inc. and the Investor 
 8-K 
 000-53498 
 10.1 
 December
 31, 2018 

10.3 
 Form
 of IP Security Agreement, dated December 31, 2018, between CleanSpark, Inc. and the Investor 
 8-K 
 000-53498 
 10.2 
 December
 31, 2018 

10.4 
 Non-Competition
 and Non-Solicitation Agreement, dated January 22, 2019 
 8-K 
 000-53498 
 10.2 
 January
 24, 2019 

10.5 
 Indemnity
 Agreement, dated January 22, 2019 
 8-K 
 000-53498 
 10.3 
 January
 24, 2019 

10.6 
 Contract
 Manufacturing Agreement, dated January 22, 2019 
 8-K 
 000-53498 
 10.4 
 January
 24, 2019 

10.7 
 Form
 of Purchase Agreement, dated April 17, 2019, between the Company and the Investor 
 8-K 
 000-53498 
 10.1 
 April
 18, 2019 

10.8 
 IP
 Security Agreement dated April 17, 2019 
 8-K 
 000-53498 
 10.3 
 April
 18, 2019 

10.9 
 Memorandum
 of Understanding, dated as of November 5, 2019 
 8-K 
 000-53498 
 10.1 
 November
 12, 2019 

10.10 
 Securities
 Purchase Agreement, dated as of November 6, 2019 
 8-K 
 000-53498 
 10.2 
 November
 12, 2019 

10.11 
 Escrow
 Agreement, dated January 31, 2020 
 8-K 
 001-39187 
 10.1 
 February
 6, 2020 

10.12 
 Amendment
 to Transaction Documents, dated as of March 10, 2020 
 8-K 
 001-39187 
 10.1 
 March
 10, 2020 

10.13 
 Second
 Amendment to Transaction Documents, dated as of March 13, 2020 
 8-K 
 001-39187 
 10.1 
 March
 16, 2020 

10.14 
 Joint
 Venture Agreement, dated as of April 6, 2020 
 10-Q 
 001-39187 
 10.1 
 August
 4, 2020 

10.15 
 Third
 Amendment to Transaction Documents, dated as of May 1, 2020 
 8-K 
 001-39187 
 10.1 
 May
 6, 2020 

10.16 
 Promissory
 Note, dated as of May 7, 2020 
 8-K 
 001-39187 
 10.1 
 May
 20, 2020 

10.17 + 
 First
 Amendment to CleanSpark, Inc. 2017 Equity Incentive Plan, dated as of October 7, 2020 
 DEF
 14C 
 000-53498 
 Appendix
 B 
 July
 28, 2020 

48 

 Table of Contents 

10.18 
 Form
 of Securities Purchase Agreement, dated July 20, 2020 
 8-K 
 001-39187 
 10.1 
 July
 21, 2020 

10.19 
 Exclusive
 Partner Agreement, by and between the Company and Sunshine Energy Corp., dated August 6, 2020 
 8-K 
 001-39187 
 10.1 
 August
 7, 2020 

10.20 
 Membership
 Interest Purchase Agreement, dated as of August 31, 2010, by and between the Company, GridFabric, LLC and its sole member, DuPont
 Hale Holdings, LLC 
 8-K 
 001-39187 
 10.1 
 September
 1, 2020 

10.21 + 
 Employment
 Agreement, entered into by and between CleanSpark, Inc. and Zachary K. Bradford, dated October 26, 2020 
 8-K 
 001-39187 
 10.1 
 October
 28, 2020 

10.22 + 
 Employment
 Agreement, entered into by and between CleanSpark, Inc. and Lori Love, dated October 26, 2020 
 8-K 
 001-39187 
 10.2 
 October
 28, 2020 

10.23 + 
 Employment
 Agreement, entered into by and between CleanSpark, Inc. and Amanda Kabak, dated October 26, 2020 
 8-K 
 001-39187 
 10.3 
 October
 28, 2020 

10.24 + 
 Amended
 and Restated Employment Agreement, entered into by and between CleanSpark, Inc. and Amer Tadayon, dated October 26, 2020 
 8-K 
 001-39187 
 10.4 
 October
 28, 2020 

10.25 + 
 Employment
 Agreement, entered into by and between CleanSpark, Inc. and S. Matthew Schultz, dated October 26, 2020 
 8-K 
 001-39187 
 10.5 
 October
 28, 2020 

10.26 
 Agreement
 and Plan of Merger, dated as of February 23, 2021, by and among CleanSpark, Inc., CLSK SWS Merger Sub, Inc., Solar Watt Solutions,
 Inc., and the Sellers. 
 8-K 
 001-39187 
 10.1 
 February
 24, 2021 

10.27 
 Non-Fixed
 Price Sales and Purchase Agreement between CleanSpark, Inc. and Bitmain Technologies Limited, dated April 14, 2021 
 10-Q
 
 001-39187
 
 10.1
 
 May
 6, 2021 

49 

 Table of Contents 

10.28 
 Form
 of Hardware Purchase Sales Agreement 
 10-Q
 
 001-39187
 
 10.2
 
 May
 6, 2021 

10.29
 
 Form
 of Future Sales Agreement 
 10-Q
 
 001-39187
 
 10.3
 
 May
 6, 2021 

10.30
 
 Form
 of Agreement for Sale of Equipment 
 10-Q
 
 001-39187
 
 10.4
 
 May
 6, 2021 

10.31+
 
 Amendment
 to Employment Agreement by and between CleanSpark, Inc. and Zachary K. Bradford, dated April 16, 2021 
 10-Q
 
 001-39187
 
 10.5
 
 May
 6, 2021 

10.32+
 
 Amendment
 to Employment Agreement by and between CleanSpark, Inc. and Lori Love, dated April 16, 2021 
 10-Q
 
 001-39187
 
 10.6
 
 May
 6, 2021 

10.33+
 
 Amendment
 to Employment Agreement by and between CleanSpark, Inc. and S. Matthew Schultz, dated April 16, 2021 
 10-Q
 
 001-39187
 
 10.7
 
 May
 6, 2021 

10.34 
 At
 the Market Offering Agreement, dated June 3, 2021, between CleanSpark, Inc. and H.C. Wainwright Co., LLC 
 8-K
 
 001-39187
 
 10.1
 
 June
 3, 2021 

10.35+
 
 Amendment
 to Amended and Restated Employment Agreement by and between CleanSpark, Inc. and Amer Tadayon, dated June 9, 2021 
 8-K
 
 001-39187
 
 10.1
 
 June
 15, 2021 

10.36 
 Lease,
 by and between ATL Data Centers LLC and Arkhos Property Group Holdings, LLC dated June 5, 2020 
 10-Q
 
 001-39187
 
 10.9
 
 August
 16, 2021 

10.37 
 
 Coinmint
 Collection Mining Services Agreement, by and between CleanBlok, Inc. and Coinmint, LLC date July 8, 2021 
 10-Q
 
 001-39187
 
 10.11
 
 August
 16, 2021 

10.38 
 Purchase
 Agreement, by and between CSRE Properties, LLC and MDRE-Norcross, LLC 
 10-Q
 
 001-39187
 
 10.12
 
 August
 16, 2021 

10.39+ 
 Second
 Amendment to CleanSpark, Inc. 2017 Incentive Plan, dated September 17, 2021 
 8-K
 
 001-39187
 
 10.1
 
 September
 17, 2021 

50 

 Table of Contents 

10.40 
 
 Electrical
 Services Agreement between CleanBlok, Inc. and Georgia Power Company, dated October 1, 2021 

X

10.41
 
 Form
 of Future Sales and Purchase Agreement 

X

10.42
 
 Lease
 Agreement, by and between CleanSpark, Inc. and ANC Corporate Center Paseo Verde, LLC, dated August 26, 2021 

X

21.1
 
 List
 of Subsidiaries 

X

23.1
 
 Consent
 of MaloneBailey 

X

31.1 
 Certification
 of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the
 Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

X

31.2 
 Certification
 of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the
 Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

X

32.1 
 Certification
 of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of
 the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

X

101
 INS 
 Inline
 XBLR Instance Document 

101
 SCH 
 Inline
 XBLR Taxonomy Extension 
 Schema Document 

101
 CAL 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension 
 Calculation Linkbase Document 

101
 LAB 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label 
 Linkbase Document 

101
 PRE 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension 
 Presentation Linkbase Document 

101
 DEF 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension 
 Definition Linkbase Document 

104 
 
 Cover
 Page Interactive Data File 
 (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained 
 in Exhibit 101 attachments) 

These certifications
are being furnished solely to accompany this quarterly report pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 

1350,
and are not being filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and are not to be incorporated by reference
into any filing of the Registrant, whether made before or after the date hereof, regardless of any general incorporation language in
such filing. 

The XBRL
related information in Exhibit 101 shall not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the 

Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or otherwise subject to liability of that section and shall not be incorporated by reference into any
filing or other document pursuant to the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference
in such filing or document. 

+ Indicates
management contract or compensatory plan. 

Portions
of this exhibit have been redacted in compliance with Item 601(b)(10) of Regulation S-K. 

51 

 Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES 

 Pursuant to
the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

CLEANSPARK,
INC. 

By:
 
 /s/
 Zachary Bradford 

Zachary
 Bradford 
 Chief
 Executive Officer, Principal Executive Officer and Director 

December 14, 2021 

By:
 
 /s/
 Lori Love 

Lori
 Love 
 Chief
 Financial Officer, Principal Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer 

December 14, 2021 

Pursuant to
the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated: 

By:
 
 /s/
 Zachary Bradford 

Zachary
 Bradford 
 Chief
 Executive Officer, Principal Executive Officer and Director 

December
 14, 2021 

By:
 
 /s/
 Lori Love 

Lori
 Love 
 Chief
 Financial Officer, Principal Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer 

December 14, 2021 

By:
 
 /s/
 S. Matthew Schultz 

S.
 Matthew Schultz 
 Executive
 Chairman and Chairman of the Board 

December 14, 2021 

By:
 
 /s/
 Larry McNeill 

Larry
 McNeill 
 Director 

December 14, 2021 

By:
 
 /s/
 Roger Beynon 

Roger
 Beynon 
 Director 

December 14, 2021 

By:
 
 /s/
 Dr. Thomas Wood 

Dr.
 Thomas Wood 
 Director 

December 14,2021 

52 

<EX-10.40>
 2
 ex10_40.htm

CERTAIN INFORMATION, IDENTIFIED BY [ ], HAS
BEEN EXCLUDED FROM THE EXHIBIT BECAUSE IT IS BOTH (I) NOT MATERIAL, AND (II) WOULD LIKELY CAUSE COMPETITIVE HARM TO THE COMPANY IF PUBLICLY
DISCLOSED 

Account Manager: [ ] 

 Account Number: [ ] 

CONTRACT 
 FOR ELECTRIC SERVICE 

 THIS
CONTRACT for electric service is entered into this 24 th day of September,
2021, Effective Date between Georgia Power Company Company and CLEANBLOK INC. Customer ). 

IN
CONSIDERATION of the mutual agreements hereinafter contained, IT IS AGREED: 

1. 
 Scope . Company will supply electric service to Customer, and Customer will purchase, receive and pay Company for
such service in accordance with this Contract. 

2. 
 Rules, Regulations and Rates . Georgia state law and the rules, regulations and applicable rate schedules of Company
as may be filed with and regulated by the Georgia Public Service Commission govern this service
and are incorporated herein by reference. Such laws, rules, regulations and rate schedules are subject to change during the term
of this contract as provided by law. Copies of current rules, regulations and applicable rate schedules are available from Company upon
request and may be attached to this Contract. 

3. 
 Term . The term of this Contract shall be [ ] 
from the commencement of electric service under this Contract. The Contract shall continue in effect thereafter until terminated by either
party providing written notice to the other in accordance with the rules, regulations and applicable rate schedules. 

4. Service . The characteristics of the service to be furnished
under this Contract are as follows: 

a. Premise location: 5295 BROOK HOLLOW PKWY NORCROSS, GA 30071 

b. Frequency: Approximately 
 [ ] 

c. Voltage and Phase: [ ] 

d. Delivery Point: N/A 

e. Rate Schedule(s):RTP-HA/PLL 

(for RTP Attach Terms and Conditions and CBL Agreement) 

f. Service
 level: Transmission
 Primary 
 Secondary 
 TOU-FCR 

g. Rate Rider(s): OP 

h. Commencement of electric service not later than: 9/24/2021 

i. Contract Capacity: N/A 

j. Minimum billing demand: [ ] 

5. 
 Additional Provisions . Additional terms and conditions relating to the provision of service to the premises identified
in paragraph 4 herein may be attached hereto. Such attached terms and conditions shall be controlling over any conflicting terms set forth
herein. The following such terms and conditions are attached hereto and incorporated by reference: 

Build-Up Terms and Conditions (In excess of a two month build-up period. The term designated on this contract shall be extended by the build-up period.) 

Demand Plus Energy Credit Terms and Conditions 

Meter-Totalization Terms and Conditions 

Modernization Rider Terms and Conditions 

CBL Agreement and Real Time Pricing Terms and Conditions (RTP-DA and RTP-HA) 

CERTAIN INFORMATION, IDENTIFIED BY [ ], HAS BEEN EXCLUDED FROM THE EXHIBIT BECAUSE IT IS BOTH (I) NOT MATERIAL, AND (II) WOULD LIKELY CAUSE COMPETITIVE HARM TO THE COMPANY IF PUBLICLY DISCLOSED 

6. 
 Payment . During the term of this Contract, Customer will pay monthly charges calculated in accordance with the applicable
rules, regulations and rate schedules. 

7. 
 Equipment . Customer, at its expense, shall maintain and operate its equipment so that it does not cause unacceptable
voltage fluctuations, unacceptable harmonic current usage, overload, or other disturbances on Company's electrical and communications
systems, or affect the safe, economical and reliable operation of Company's electric system. Customer, at its expense, shall immediately
correct any such unacceptable use of electric power, including the provision of suitable
apparatus to prevent or cure such effects where necessary. The specifications of unacceptable voltage fluctuations and unacceptable harmonic
current usage are outlined in the current copy of the Southern Company Power Quality Policy, which is available upon request. 

8. 
 Limitation of Liability . Company does not guarantee that service will be free from, and Company shall not be liable
for, interruptions, surges, voltage fluctuations or disturbances. Company shall have no liability for any loss or damage from any loss
of service, or delay in providing service. 

9. 
 Assignment of Contract . Customer may not assign this Contract without written consent of Company. Such consent shall
not be unreasonably withheld. 

10. 
 Remedies . In the event of default by either party, the non-defaulting party may pursue any and all judicial and administrative
remedies and relief available. 

11. 
 Non-waiver . The parties agree that this Contract does not preclude
the Company from collecting any additional costs as directed or authorized by a legislative body, administrative body, or court
having jurisdiction over such issues. 

12. 
 Miscellaneous . A waiver of one or more defaults by either party shall
not be deemed a waiver of any other or subsequent default by such party. This Contract, upon becoming effective, shall cancel and supersede
any previously existing agreement covering supply by Company to Customer of electric energy to the premise identified in this contract.
This document, those documents incorporated by reference and any attachments constitute the entire agreement between the parties. No modification
of this Contract, except as provided in paragraph 2 above, shall be binding unless it is in writing
and accepted by Customer and Company. This Contract shall be governed by the laws
of the State of Georgia. 

13. 
 Prior Agreements . This Contract for Electric Service, upon becoming effective, shall cancel and supersede any previously
existing Contracts for Electric Service or other agreement covering service to this premise. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the parties hereto
have caused this Contract to be executed by their duly authorized representatives, as of the Effective Date hereof. 

 CLEANBLOK INC. GEORGIA
POWER COMPANY 

Signature: /s/ Zachary Bradford 

 Signature: /s/ Kyle Leach 

Print Name: Zachary
Bradford 

 Title: VP Pricing; Planning 

Title: CEO 

Date: 9/29/2021 

2 

 CERTAIN INFORMATION, IDENTIFIED BY [ ], HAS BEEN EXCLUDED FROM THE EXHIBIT BECAUSE IT IS BOTH (I) NOT MATERIAL, AND (II) WOULD LIKELY CAUSE COMPETITIVE HARM TO THE COMPANY IF PUBLICLY DISCLOSED 

INITIAL CUSTOMER BASELINE
LOAD (CBL) AGREEMENT 

 For New Accounts RTP-HA 

The customer, CLEANBLOK INC. ,
Account Number: [ ] ,
has agreed that the following information will constitute the basis for their CBL: 

 CBL Rate: [ ]
 Rider: [ ] 
 Level [ ] 

 CBL Type: [ ] 
 Minimum Billing Demand: [ ]
 Contract Capacity: [ ] 

Initial Month: Initial Year: 
 Est. Final Total Peak kW 
 Est. Final Total kWh 
 CBL Peak kW 
 CBL kWh 
 CBL Billing Demand (On- Peak/Econ for TOU) 
 
 January 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 
 February 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 
 March 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 
 April 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 
 May 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 
 June 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 
 July 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 
 August 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 
 September 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 
 October 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 
 November 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 
 December 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 
 Peak/Total 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 

2 Point CBL Not Available to School or TOU Type Rates 

 Data is based on Calendar Month
 hourly data and may differ from billing data due to the type CBL selected by the customer, the billing cycle and from mapping
the CBL into future years for billing. 

 CBL Information: 

 The Customer shall
pay an Administrative Charge of [ ] 
 per 

 month. Final CBL is [ ] 
of the total loadshape and is based upon: 

Actual/Estimated Interval/Billing Data from calendar year: 2012 which was developed from: 

Template Interval
Data 

 Footprint
(Load shape based on a previously demonstrated CBL level for the same customer using similar facilities in terms of basic design and
energy requirements and any equipment used to achieve demonstration level). 

Demonstration
(required if not a Footprint or if under [ ] 
of Final Total Commercial Loadshape or [ ] 
of Final Total Industrial Loadshape). 

 Demonstration Level: [ ] 
 (Based on highest summer demand in CBL) 

 Special Term/Conditions (see also Real Time Pricing Terms
and Conditions): 

 [ ] 

Georgia Power Company Client
Manager: [ ] 

Customer
 Location: 5295 BROOK HOLLOW PKWY NORCROSS, GA 30071 
 
 Signature: /s/ Zachary Bradford 

Title: CEO 

Date: 9/29/21 

3 

 CERTAIN INFORMATION, IDENTIFIED BY [ ], HAS BEEN EXCLUDED FROM THE EXHIBIT BECAUSE IT IS BOTH (I) NOT MATERIAL, AND (II) WOULD LIKELY CAUSE COMPETITIVE HARM TO THE COMPANY IF PUBLICLY DISCLOSED 

REAL
TIME PRICING TERMS AND CONDITIONS 

1. 
 Customer Baseline Load. The Company and the Customer have mutually agreed to an initial Customer Baseline Load CBL for the stated premise location see Initial Customer Baseline Load (CBL) Agreement. The Customer agrees to provide, on an annual
basis, pertinent operating information (including holidays and plant shut downs) as necessary or desirable to formulate subsequent CBLs
for such premises. CBL revisions based on load removal will be allowed after a customer is billed on RTP for one year. 

2. 
 Corrective Load Modifications. Georgia Power reserves the right to make minor load modifications for the purpose
of establishing the appropriate load shape for the customer. 

3. 
 Confidentiality of Information . The Customer will use its best efforts to protect hourly price as proprietary information,
and neither the Customer nor its employees, agents or independent contractors will copy, transfer in any way, communicate, disclose, or
disseminate proprietary price information contained therein to any third party. 

4. 
 Customer Demonstration. Customer may be required to demonstrate the ability to respond to high RTP prices by curtailing
load down to the Approximate CBL Demonstration kW level for two specified hours. Customer will be given four attempts to
achieve such demonstration. 

5. 
 Effective Date. Georgia Power will exercise its best efforts, but cannot guarantee, that billing under the RTP tariff
will begin on the desired month specified by the Customer. The provisions of these Real Time Pricing Terms and Conditions shall become
effective from the first billing date under the RTP tariff. These Real Time Pricing Terms and Conditions shall terminate automatically
upon the withdrawal, expiration or other termination of the RTP tariff. 

6. 
 Rate Terms. After the Customer has taken RTP service for a period of one year, the Customer may request and obtain
a change in the rate provided that such premise location will continue taking electric service from Company for a total of five years
from the initial billing date under this Contract. The Customer s contracted CBL level is supported by the revenues generated from
a combination of embedded load on the specific standard bill tariff previously identified and the remaining load at the specific RTP tariff.
If the Customer requests a change in the base tariff associated with the standard bill portion that collects lower embedded revenues,
or a change to the RTP tariff, a new profitability analysis will be required. Based on the results of the new analysis, a contribution
may be required by the Customer or the CBL level may be increased. Contracts will renew annually after expiration of the initial rate
term. The Company may remove the Customer's premises from the RTP tariff if the Customer ceases to qualify for the rate or in the event
of an uncured material breach of these Real Time Pricing Terms and Conditions. 

7. 
 Rules, Regulations and Rates . Georgia state law and the rules, regulations and applicable rate schedules of Company
as may be filed with and regulated by the Georgia Public Service Commission govern this service
and are incorporated herein by reference. Such laws, rules, regulations and applicable rate schedules are subject to change during
the term of this Contract as provided by law. Copies of current rules, regulations and applicable
rate schedules are available from Company upon request and may be attached to this Contract. 

8. 
 Assignment of Contract . Customer may not assign this Contract without the written consent of Company. Such consent
shall not be unreasonably withheld. 

Customer Initials: /s/ ZB 

Note: Minimum
Billing Demand is the lowest kW from CBL Billing Demand column Contract
Capacity is the transformer sizing for the service point 

4 

 CERTAIN INFORMATION, IDENTIFIED BY [ ], HAS BEEN EXCLUDED FROM THE EXHIBIT BECAUSE IT IS BOTH (I) NOT MATERIAL, AND (II) WOULD LIKELY CAUSE COMPETITIVE HARM TO THE COMPANY IF PUBLICLY DISCLOSED 

INITIAL CUSTOMER BASELINE
LOAD (CBL) AGREEMENT 

 For New Accounts RTP-DA 

CLEANBLOK INC, New Account 

 5295 BROOK HOLLOW PKWY NORCROSS,
GA 30071 

CBL Information for Year 1 

 CBL will be [ ] 

Initial Month: Initial Year: 
 Est. Final Total Peak kW 
 Est. Final Total kWh 
 CBL Peak kW 
 CBL kWh 
 CBL Billing Demand (On- Peak/Econ for TOU) 
 
 January 
 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 
 February 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 
 March 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 
 April 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 
 May 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 
 June 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 
 July 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 
 August 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 
 September 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 
 October 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 
 November 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 
 December 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 
 Peak/Total 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 
 [ ] 

5 

 CERTAIN INFORMATION, IDENTIFIED BY [ ], HAS BEEN EXCLUDED FROM THE EXHIBIT BECAUSE IT IS BOTH (I) NOT MATERIAL, AND (II) WOULD LIKELY CAUSE COMPETITIVE HARM TO THE COMPANY IF PUBLICLY DISCLOSED 

Account Manager: 
 [ ] 

 Account Number: [ ] 

 Customer Name: CleanBlok Inc. 

METER TOTALIZATION TERMS AND CONDITIONS 

 1. 
 The Premises identified in the electric service contract(s) include all the account addresses listed
in paragraph five of these Meter Totalization Terms and Conditions. Electric service at such account addresses shall be combined such
that all electric usage is recorded through a single meter registration. All buildings, structures, or facilities, and the land on which
they stand, are owned by Customer and are located on the same or contiguous tracts of land. 

2. 
 The meter totalization described in these Meter Totalization Terms and Conditions will be accomplished
through the following metering arrangement to be installed by the Company: Remote Totalization . 

3. Customer agrees to pay for the following: 

a. the costs of modifying the existing meter(s) or installing new meter(s)
(as appropriate), 

b. the costs of relocating distribution facilities necessary
to accommodate the single-metering arrangement, 

c. the cost of any additional facilities, 

d. the unrecovered cost of serving the existing facilities
under the current metering arrangement. 

e. the remote totalization translator charges, pursuant
to the Company's Excess Facilities Charge Agreement. Any additional telephone lines necessary for the meter totalization arrangement shall
be provided by Customer unless Customer requests that such lines be provided by Company. In the event Company provides additional phone
lines for the meter totalization arrangement, Customer shall pay Company the costs of such additional lines pursuant to the Company's
Excess Facilities Charge Agreement. 

The total amount of these items above will be paid: (CHECK
METHOD(S) OF PAYMENT.) 

According to the terms of Company s Excess Facilities Charge Agreement. 

Customer
agrees to raise CBL to meet financial requirements or to compensate the Company for costs associated with meter totalization. 

4. 
In the event that all or part of the Customer s facilities located at any of the account addresses listed in paragraph five are
sold, the Customer agrees to notify the Company and to pay all costs associated with separating the Customer s facilities sold
from this meter-totalized arrangement. Should Customer sell all of its facilities to a single new owner and new owner agrees to the meter
totalization arrangement, the meter totalization arrangement shall continue for the new owner. 

5. Account
 Addresses (or descriptive identifier) to be totalized: 

(a) 5295
 Brook Hollow Pkwy - Primary Meter 1 

(b) 5295
 Brook Hollow Pkwy - Primary Meter 2 

(c) 

(d) 

Customer
Signature: /s/ Zachary Bradford Date:
9/29/21 

Revision 4; August 31, 2018 Page
 1 of 1 

6 

 CERTAIN INFORMATION, IDENTIFIED BY [ ], HAS BEEN EXCLUDED FROM THE EXHIBIT BECAUSE IT IS BOTH (I) NOT MATERIAL, AND (II) WOULD LIKELY CAUSE COMPETITIVE HARM TO THE COMPANY IF PUBLICLY DISCLOSED 

Account
 Manager: 
 [ ] 
 
 Account
 Number: 
 [ ] 
 
 Premise
 Address: 
 5295 Brook Hollow Pkwy 

Norcross, GA 30071 

EXCESS
FACILITIES CHARGE AGREEMENT 

 STANDARD
OFFER 

 This
Excess Facilities Charge Standard Agreement Agreement is entered into this 24th day of September , 2021 (the
 Effective Date between Georgia Power Company Company and CleanBlok Inc. Customer ). 

 The
Customer has requested that the Company install the excess facilities described below (the Excess Facilities on the Customer s
premises described below (the Premises). The Excess Facilities shall augment the Company s standard system on the Premises. Subject
to the terms and conditions contained herein, the Company agrees to install its Excess Facilities on the Premises. 

 Description
of Excess Facilities: 

[ ] 

 Location
of Premises : 

5295 Brook Hollow Pkwy Norcross,
GA 30071 

1. 
 To compensate the Company for the cost of installing its capital Excess Facilities on the Premises,
the Customer shall pay Excess Facilities Installation Charges to the Company in the amount of: 

(i) a one
time Excess Facilities Installation Charge of [ ] 

(ii) monthly installments each in the amount of _____, for a fixed period of______months 

 All
such payments shall include additional amounts as may be necessary to pay any applicable taxes. As security for the monthly installments
of the Excess Facilities Charge, the Customer shall deliver to the Company a security deposit of n/a (not to exceed the sum
of three monthly installments). 

2. 
 To compensate the Company for the allocated cost of operating and maintaining its Excess Facilities
at the Premises, the Customer shall pay Excess Facilities Ongoing Charges to the Company in the amount of: 

(i) a
 one time prepaid Excess Facilities Charge of [ ] 

(ii) monthly
 installments, each in the amount of n/a, for an initial period of twelve (12) months 

 All
such payments shall include additional amounts as may be necessary to pay any applicable taxes. If all or any portion of the Excess Facilities
Ongoing Charge is to be paid monthly, the Customer s obligations to make such payments shall automatically renew from year to year
for successive twelve (12) month periods, until thirty (30) days after written notice from either party hereto of its intent to terminate
this Agreement. As security for the monthly installments of the Excess Facilities Ongoing Charge, the Customer shall deliver to the Company
a security deposit of n/a (not to exceed the sum of three monthly installments). 

3. Additional
 Terms and Provisions. 

 The
Customer shall provide access to the Company at reasonable times to allow the Company to perform such work and to remove the Excess Facilities
upon termination of this Agreement. 

 The
Customer shall not increase load (e.g., building or equipment additions) without first notifying the Company. If the Customer's planned
load increase would require extensions or modifications of the Excess Facilities, the Company shall prepare a plan and estimate of the
costs of such extensions or modifications. Implementation of such extensions or modifications may require modification of this Agreement. 

7 

 CERTAIN INFORMATION, IDENTIFIED BY [ ], HAS BEEN EXCLUDED FROM THE EXHIBIT BECAUSE IT IS BOTH (I) NOT MATERIAL, AND (II) WOULD LIKELY CAUSE COMPETITIVE HARM TO THE COMPANY IF PUBLICLY DISCLOSED 

The
Customer shall not tamper with, move, or adjust any part of the Excess Facilities or allow anyone else on the Premises, other than authorized
Company representatives, to do the same without prior Company approval. The Customer shall be responsible for the acts of those persons
on the Premises who are not authorized Company personnel, agents or subcontractors. The Customer shall not place any future buildings
or hazardous obstructions within twenty-five (25) feet of the Company's substations or lines without prior written approval of the Company. 

 The
Company shall not be liable for consequential damages resulting from outages of electric current, including but not limited to damages
to equipment or loss of product or profits. The Customer accepts the risk that there may be periodic interruptions of electric service,
which interruptions shall not constitute a breach of this Agreement by the Company or give rise to any claim or set-off by the Customer
against the Company. 

 The
Customer s obligation to pay all of the payments due hereunder is absolute and unconditional, and the Customer shall not be entitled
to, and hereby waives the right to claim, any abatement, reduction, set-off, counterclaim, defense, interruption, deferment, recoupment
or deduction with respect to any payments due hereunder, unless an unreasonable interruption occurs as a result of the company s
negligence or willful misconduct. Receivables covered under this agreement unpaid after 21 days after the bill date are subject to a
late payment charge. 

 The
Customer is in default of this agreement if the Premises are or become the subject of a foreclosure proceeding, or if the Customer (a)
fails to pay within 30 days from the due date of its monthly bill; (b) fails to perform in accordance with any provision of this Agreement;
(c) is or becomes insolvent or unable to pay its obligations as they become due; or (d) is or becomes the subject of a petition in a
bankruptcy or a petition for a receivership. Also, upon default, the Company may exercise any one or more of its available remedies at
law or equity, including, without limitation, (i) installing meters in multiple locations between Company owned and Customer owned electric
equipment; (ii) changing the service rate to one that will compensate the Company for all amounts owing under this Agreement; and (iii)
removing the Excess Facilities. Partial exercise or non - exercise of any of the Company's rights or remedies shall not constitute a
waiver of any other right or remedy unless such waiver is expressed in writing. 

 This
Agreement is not a sale or transfer of any interest in the Excess Facilities. The Company is and shall remain the sole owner of the Excess
Facilities, and shall replace or cause the Excess Facilities to be replaced at no additional cost to the customer if the Excess Facilities
are defective or do not perform to the specifications provided. The Customer shall not have any interest or rights in the Excess Facilities. 

 In
the event of early termination of this Agreement, the Customer shall be responsible for removal costs in an amount determined by the
Company. 

 This
Agreement will be in force on the Effective Date of this Agreement or at the time the Excess Facilities become functional, whichever
occurs first, and shall continue until all amounts owing to the Company hereunder have been paid in full or the Company has removed the
Excess Facilities, whichever occurs later. This Agreement may be modified only in writing signed by the parties hereto, and may not be
modified by an oral agreement. The Customer agrees to provide such additional information of documentation as the Company requests in
connection with this Agreement including further evidence of its authority to enter into this agreement. 

 This
Agreement shall be binding upon the successors and assigns of the parties hereto. The Customer may not assign its rights and obligations
hereunder without the Company s prior written consent which shall not be unreasonably withheld. The Company may assign its rights
and obligations hereunder, or any portion thereof, to any other person or entity without the consent of the Customer. 

CUSTOMER: CLEANBLOK INC. 
 GEORGIA POWER
 COMPANY 

Signature: /s/ Zachary Bradford 
 Signature: /s/ Kyle
 Leach 

Print Name: Zachary Bradford 
 Title: VP Pricing; Planning 

Title: CEO 

Date: 9/29/21 

8 

</EX-10.40>

<EX-10.41>
 3
 ex10_41.htm

FUTURES SALES AND PURCHASE
AGREEMENT BETWEEN 

 _________________ 

 _______ 

AND 

CleanSpark, Inc. 

 Purchaser 

Contents 

1. Definitions and Interpretations 
 3 

2. Sales of Product(s) 
 5 

3. Prices and Terms of Payment 
 6 

4. Shipping of Product(s) 
 7 

5. Warranty 
 8 

6. Representations and Warranties 
 10 

7. Indemnification and Limitation of Liability 
 12 

8. Distribution 
 13 

9. Intellectual Property Rights 
 13 

10. Confidentiality and Communications 
 14 

11. Term of this Agreement 
 14 

12. Contact Information 
 14 

13. Compliance with Laws and Regulations 
 15 

14. Force Majeure 
 16 

15. Entire Agreement and Amendment 
 16 

16. Assignment 
 16 

17. Severability 
 17 

18. Personal Data 
 17 

19. Governing Law and Dispute Resolution 
 17 

20. Waiver 
 18 

21. Counterparts and Electronic Signatures 
 18 

22. Further Assurance 
 18 

23. Third Party Rights 
 18 

24. Liquidated Damages Not Penalty 
 18 
 Cleanspark, Inc. 
 20 

2 

This futures sale and
purchase agreement (this Agreement is made on ____________by and between _____________, a ______________ ________ ),
with its registered office at ________________________________, and Cleanspark, Inc., a Nevada Corporation (the Purchaser ),
with its principal place of business at 1885 S. 1800 W., Suite 3, Woods Cross, UT 84087. 

_____________ and the Purchaser
shall hereinafter collectively be referred to as the Parties , and individually as a Party . 

Whereas: 

1. 
 Purchaser fully understands the market risks, the price-setting principles and the market fluctuations
relating to the Products sold under this Agreement. 

2. _____________ purchases the Products from Bitmain,
a supplier of cryptocurrency mining hardware and other equipment, either directly or through a reseller, as the case may be. 

 3. 
 The Purchaser is willing to purchase and _____________ is willing to supply cryptocurrency mining
hardware and other equipment in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement. 

The Parties hereto agree as follows: 

1. Definitions and Interpretations 

 The following terms, as used herein, have the following
meanings: 

Affiliate means,
with respect to any Person, any other Person directly or indirectly Controlling, Controlled by, or under common Control with such Person;
 Person means any individual, corporation, partnership, limited partnership, proprietorship, association, limited liability
company, firm, trust, estate or other enterprise or entity (whether or not having separate legal personality); and Control 
means the power or authority, whether exercised or not, to direct the business, management and policies of such Person, directly or indirectly,
whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise, provided that such power or authority shall conclusively
be presumed to exist upon possession of beneficial ownership or power to direct the vote of more than fifty percent (50 of the votes
entitled to be cast at a meeting of the members or shareholders of such Person or power to control the composition of a majority of the
board of directors of such Person. The terms Controlled and Controlling have meanings correlative to the foregoing. 

3 

Applicable Law 
means any treaty, law, decree, order, regulation, decision, statute, ordinance, rule, directive, code or other document that has legal
force under any system of law, including, without limitation, local law, law of any other state or part thereof or international law,
and which creates or purports to create any requirement or rule that may affect, restrict, prohibit or expressly allow the terms of this
Agreement or any activity contemplated or carried out under this Agreement. 

Bank Account means
the bank account information that _____________ specifies in its invoices. 

Bitmain means
Bitmain Technologies Limited (Company number: 2024301), with its registered office at Unit A1 of Unit A, 11th Floor, Success Commercial
Building, 245-251 Hennessy Road, Hong Kong. 

Margin Fee means
the aggregate margins payable by the Purchaser to ____________ as set out in Appendix A of this Agreement. 

Force Majeure 
means in respect of either Party, any event or occurrence whatsoever beyond the reasonable control of that Party, which delays, prevents
or hinders that Party from performing any obligation imposed upon that Party under this Agreement including to the extent such event or
occurrence shall delay, prevent or hinder such Party from performing such obligation, war (declared or undeclared), terrorist activities,
acts of sabotage, blockade, fire, lightning, acts of god, national strikes, riots, insurrections, civil commotions, quarantine restrictions,
epidemics, earthquakes, landslides, avalanches, floods, hurricanes, explosions and regulatory and administrative or similar action or
delays to take actions of any governmental authority. 

Intellectual Property
Rights means any and all intellectual property rights, including but not limited to those concerning inventions, patents, utility
models, registered designs and models, engineering or production materials, drawings, trademarks, service marks, domain names, applications
for any of the foregoing (and the rights to apply for any of the foregoing), proprietary or business sensitive information and/or technical
know-how, copyright, authorship, whether registered or not, and any neighbor rights. 

Product(s) 
means the merchandise that _____________ will provide to the Purchaser in accordance with this Agreement. 

Total Purchase Price 
means the aggregate purchase price payable by the Purchaser as set out in Appendix A of this Agreement. 

Upfront Fee means
the irrevocable and non-refundable upfront fee payable by the Purchaser as set out in Appendix A of this Agreement. 

4 

Warranty Period 
means the period of time that the Product(s) are covered by the warranty granted by Bitmain or its Affiliates in accordance with its relevant
service policy. 

Warranty Start Date 
means the date on which the Product(s) are delivered to the carrier. Interpretations: 

 i) 
 Words importing the singular include the plural and vice versa where the context 

 so requires. 

 ii) 
 The headings in this Agreement are for convenience only and shall not be taken into consideration
in the interpretation or construction of this Agreement. 

 iii) 
 References to Clauses and Appendix(es) are references to Clauses and Appendix(es) of this Agreement. 

 iv) 
 Unless specifically stated otherwise, all references to days shall mean calendar days. 

 v) 
 Any reference to a code, law, statute, statutory provision, statutory instrument, order, regulation
or other instrument of similar effect shall include any re-enactment or amendment thereof for the time being in force. 

 vi) 
 The word including shall be deemed to be followed by the words without limitation . 

2. Sales of Product(s) 

 _____________ will provide
the Product(s) set forth in Appendix A (attached hereto as part of this Agreement) to the Purchaser in accordance with provisions of Clause
2, Clause 3, Clause 4 and Appendix A of this Agreement, and the Purchaser shall make payment in accordance with the terms specified in
this Agreement. 

2.1. 
 Both Parties agree that the Product(s) shall be sold in accordance with the following steps: 

 (i) 
 The Purchaser shall make payments to _____________ in accordance with Appendix B of this Agreement. 

 (ii) 
 Upon receipt of each payment from the Purchaser, _____________ will provide a payment receipt to
the Purchaser. 

 (iii) 
 _____________will send a shipping confirmation to the Purchaser after it has delivered the Product(s)
to the carrier. 

2.2. 
 If Bitmain or its reseller postpones, modifies or cancels the shipping schedule of any batch of Products,
_____________ may similarly postpone, modify or cancel the shipping schedule of any such batch of Products to the Purchaser without the
Purchaser s prior consent. For the avoidance of doubt, to the extent Bitmain or its reseller cancels any batch of Product(s) or
portion thereof, _____________ shall refund in full any payments with respect to such batch or portion, free of any interest, subject
to the non-refundable Upfront Fee set forth in Appendix A of this Agreement. 

5 

2.3. 
 There shall be no further upfront fees required for any future Purchase Orders or for any batches
or portions of product defined herein. 

2.4. 
 For the avoidance of doubt, the Purchaser is entitled to resell the Products to the Purchaser s
customers, including as packaged or bundled with other products. 

3. Prices and Terms of Payment 

 3.1 
 The Total Purchase Price (inclusive of any sales and use tax payable), the Margin Fee, the Upfront
Fee shall be paid in accordance with the payment schedule set forth in Appendix B of this Agreement. 

3.2 
 The payment date shall be the date as evidenced in the remittance copy of such payment. Interest
shall not be charged when the respective amounts have been received by _____________ in full according to the agreed payment schedule.
Different clients may have different payment schedules. No interest shall be charged on the remaining amount. 

3.3 
 In the event that the Purchaser fails to fully settle the respective percentage of the Total Purchase
Price with respect to any batch of Products before the applicable prescribed deadline in accordance with Appendix B of this Agreement
and fails to make a written request to _____________ no less than five (5) business days prior to such prescribed deadline and obtain
_____________ s written consent, _____________shall be entitled to request the Purchaser to pay a reasonable liquidated damage (not
a penalty) of 20 of the purchase price of such batch of Products Liquidated Damages within sixty (60) days. In the event
that the Purchaser fails to pay the Liquidated Damages after the expiration of the time limit, _____________ shall be entitled to terminate
this Agreement with respect to such batch of Products, or resell such batch of Products to other customers. If there are any remaining
balance of the Purchaser after deducting the Liquidated Damage, such remaining balance shall be refunded to the Purchaser free of any
interest. If the Purchaser requests to continue to make payment after previous delay, while _____________ has not terminated this Agreement,
_____________ shall be entitled to reject the payment temporarily and request the Purchaser to pay the Liquidated Damages. Afterwards,
the Parties shall negotiate the settlement separately. If the Purchaser fails to pay the down payment on a timely basis and Bitmain has
arranged production or procurement, _____________ shall be entitled to request the Purchaser to be responsible for the loss related to
such production or procurement and the liability of the Purchaser shall be no less than 20 of the Total Purchase Price. For the avoidance
of doubt, termination or modification of this Agreement with respect to any particular batch of Product(s) shall not, in any way, vary,
limit or extend the Parties rights and obligations in respect of other batches under this Agreement. 

6 

3.4 
 The Total Purchase Price set forth in this Agreement is merely an estimate of the price and not the
actual price. The actual price will be determined one month before the current batch is shipped and with reference to the market circumstances,
provided that the actual price shall not be higher than the estimated price. 

3.5 
 The Parties shall confirm the corresponding batch of the Product(s) of each payment before such payment
is made by the Purchaser. This confirmation shall be used to determine matters where different arrangements are applicable to different
batches, such as the defaults of the Purchaser. 

3.6 
 Before the delivery date, _____________ shall be entitled to request the Purchaser to sign a Purchase
Order PO by sending a written notice to the Purchaser, and the Purchaser shall reasonably cooperate to sign such PO and
pay the price of the remaining batch(s) of Products to _____________ as specified in this Agreement. If the Purchaser refuses to sign
a PO as required by Bitmain, Bitmain shall be entitled to request the Purchaser to perform his rights and obligations refer in this Agreement.
The terms of this Agreement shall apply to any future PO. To the extent that the terms of a PO conflict with this Agreement, the terms
of PO shall control. 

3.7 If _____________ breaches the terms
of this Agreement solely and directly as a result of events or occurrences beyond the reasonable control of _____________ (including breach
by _____________ s supplier of its agreement with _____________), then the Purchaser shall not be entitled to any Purchaser Liquidated
Damages or other indemnity or other payments from _____________, provided that the Purchaser shall be entitled to a full refund
of its advance payments . 

3.8 
 The Parties understand and agree that the applicable prices of the Product(s) are inclusive of applicable
bank transaction, and insurance, but are exclusive of any and all logistics costs, applicable taxes, import/export duties, taxes and fees
and governmental charges. The Purchaser shall pay or reimburse _____________ for all taxes levied on or assessed against the amounts payable
hereunder upon receipt of documentation thereof, except for any tax on _____________ income derived from this Agreement. If any payment
is subject to tax withholding, the Purchaser shall pay such additional amounts as necessary, to ensure that _____________ receives the
full amount it would have received had payment not been subject to such tax withholding. 

4. Shipping of Product(s) 

 4.1. 
 _____________ shall deliver the Products in accordance with the shipping schedule set forth in Appendix
A to the place of delivery designated by the Purchaser. For the avoidance of doubt, the Products shall be fully insured such that it could
adequately cover any losses of Product(s), personal injury, property damage, other damage or liability caused by the Product(s) or the
transportation of the Product(s) either to the Purchaser or any third party, or theft of the Product(s) during transportation to the 

7 

Purchaser. If the Purchaser
seeks to make claims against the applicable insurer with respect to the delivery of the Products, _____________ shall make such claims
against such insurer and reasonably cooperate with the Purchaser in connection therewith, including at the Purchaser s request granting
the Purchaser a right of subrogation against such insurer. 

4.2. 
 Subject to the limitations stated in Appendix A, the terms of delivery of the Product(s) shall be
DAP USA (Delivered at Place in the USA according to Incoterms 2010) to the place of delivery designated by the Purchaser. Once the Product(s)
have been shipped and are available for unloading at the place of delivery designated by the Purchaser, _____________ shall have fulfilled
its obligation to supply the Product(s) to the Purchaser, and the title and risk of loss or damage to the Product(s) shall pass to the
Purchaser. 

4.3. There are ________ (__) batches of Products under
this Agreement and each batch shall constitute independent legal obligations of and shall be performed separately by the Parties. The
delay of a particular batch shall not constitute waiver of the payment obligation of the Purchaser in respect of other batches. Neither
party shall be entitled to terminate this Agreement solely on the ground of delay of delivery of a single batch of Products. 

4.4. 
 Logistics costs shall be borne by the Purchaser, which must be paid to _____________ before _____________
arranges for shipping of the Products. 

5. Warranty 

 5.1. 
 The Warranty Period shall start on the Warranty Start Date and end on the 365 th day after
the Warranty Start Date. During the Warranty Period, the Purchaser s sole and exclusive remedy, and _____________ s entire
liability, will be to have Bitmain repair or replace (subject to Bitmain s option) the defective part/component of the Product(s)
or the defective Product(s) at no charge to the Purchaser. 

5.2. 
 The Parties acknowledge and agree that the warranty provided by Bitmain as stated in the preceding
paragraph does not apply to the following: 

(i) normal wear and tear; 

 (ii) 
 damage resulting from accident, abuse, misuse, neglect, improper handling or improper installation; 

 (iii) 
 damage or loss of the Product(s) caused by undue physical or electrical stress, including but not
limited to moisture, corrosive environments, high voltage surges, extreme temperatures, shipping, or abnormal working conditions; 

8 

(iv) 
 damage or loss of the Product(s) caused by acts of nature including, but not limited to, floods,
storms, fires, and earthquakes; 

 (v) 
 failure of the Purchaser to use the Product(s) in accordance with the manual, specifications, operation
descriptions or operation conditions provided by Bitmain or _____________ in writing; 

 (vi) 
 alterations by persons other than Bitmain or _____________, associated partners or authorized service
facilities; 

 (vii) 
 Product(s), on which the original software has been replaced or modified by persons other than Bitmain
or _____________, associated partners or authorized service facilities; 

(viii) counterfeit products; 

 (ix) 
 damage or loss of data due to interoperability with current and/or future versions of operating system,
software and/or hardware; 

 (x) 
 damage or loss of data caused by improper usage and behavior which is not recommended and/or permitted
in the product documentation; 

 (xi) 
 failure of the Product(s) caused by usage of products not supplied by Bitmain or _____________; 

 (xii) 
 the non-operation of the Product(s) during the replacement/maintenance period or caused by other
reasons; 

 (xiii) 
 confiscation, seizure, search or other actions taken by government agencies such as customs; and 

(xiv) hash boards or chips are burnt. 

In case the warranty is voided, the Purchaser may request
Bitmain to provide it repair services, and the Purchaser shall bear all related expenses and costs. 

5.3. 
 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, the Purchaser acknowledges and agrees that the Product(s)
provided by _____________ do not guarantee any cryptocurrency mining time and, _____________ shall not be liable for any cryptocurrency
mining time loss or cryptocurrency mining revenue loss that are caused by downtime of any part/component of the Product(s). _____________
does not warrant that the Product(s) will meet the Purchaser s requirements or the Product(s) will be uninterrupted or error free.
To the extent permitted by laws, except as provided in Clause 6 of this Agreement, _____________ makes no warranties to the Purchaser
with respect to the Product(s), and no warranties of any kind, whether written, oral, express, implied or statutory, including warranties
of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose or non-infringement or arising from course of dealing or usage in trade shall apply. 

5.4. 
 In the event of any ambiguity or discrepancy between this Clause 5 of this Agreement and Bitmain s
After-sales Service Policy from time to time, it is intended that the After-sales Service Policy shall prevail and the Parties shall comply
with and give effect to the After-sales Service Policy. 

9 

6. Representations and Warranties 

 6A. _____________ makes the following representations
and warranties to the Purchaser: 

6.1. This Agreement is the legal, valid, binding obligations
of _____________, enforceable against it in accordance with its terms; 

 6.2. 
 It has the power to enter into, perform and deliver, and has taken all necessary action to authorize
its entry into, performance and delivery of, this Agreement and the transactions contemplated by this Agreement; 

 6.3. 
 All corporate action on its part and on the part of each of its officers and directors necessary
for the authorization, execution and delivery of this Agreement and the performance of its obligations hereunder has been taken; 

6.4. All authorizations required or desirable: 

(i) to enable it lawfully to enter into, exercise its rights under and comply with its obligations under
this Agreement; 
 
 (ii) to ensure that those obligations are legal, valid, binding and enforceable;
and 
 (iii) to
make this Agreement admissible in evidence in its jurisdiction of incorporation, have been or will have been by the time,
obtained or effected and are, or will be by the appropriate time, in full force and effect. 

6.5. It is not aware of any circumstances which will likely lead to: 

(i) any authorization obtained or effected not remaining in full force and effect; 
 (ii) any authorization not being obtained, renewed or effected when required or desirable; or 
 
 (iii) any authorization being subject to a condition or requirement which it does not reasonably expect to satisfy or the compliance with which
has or would have a material adverse effect. 

6.6. 
 Neither the execution and delivery of this Agreement nor the performance of the obligations contemplated
hereby will: 

 (i) 
 conflict with or result in any violation of or constitute a breach of any of the terms or provisions
of or result in the acceleration of any obligation under, or constitute a default under any provision of any material contract or any
other obligation to which _____________ is a party or under which _____________ is subject or bound, 

 (ii) 
 violate any judgment, order, injunction, decree or award of any governmental authority, against,
or affecting or binding upon, _____________ or upon the assets, property or business of _____________, or 

10 

(iii) 
 constitute a violation by _____________ of any Applicable Law of any jurisdiction as such law relates
to _____________ or to the property or business of _____________. 

6.7. 
 (a) It is not the target of economic sanctions administered by the Office of Foreign Assets Control
of the U.S. Department of the Treasury, the U.S. Department of State, the United Nations Security Council, the European Union, Her Majesty s
Treasury or Singapore Sanctions ), including by being listed on the Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons (SDN)
List maintained by OFAC or any other Sanctions list maintained by one of the foregoing governmental authorities, directly or indirectly
owned or controlled by one or more SDNs or other Persons included on any other Sanctions list, or located, organized or resident in a
country or territory that is the target of Sanctions, and (b) the sale of the Product(s) will not violate any Sanctions or import and
export control related laws and regulations. 

 6B. The Purchaser makes the following
representations and warranties to _____________: 

6.8. It has the full power and authority to own its assets and carry on its businesses. 

 6.9. 
 This Agreement is the legal, valid, binding obligations of the Purchaser, enforceable against it
in accordance with its terms; 

 6.10. 
 It has the power to enter into, perform and deliver, and has taken all necessary action to authorize
its entry into, performance and delivery of, this Agreement and the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. 

 6.11. 
 The entry into and performance by it of, and the transactions contemplated by, this Agreement do
not and will not conflict with: 

(i) any Applicable Law; 

(ii) its constitutional documents; or 

(iii) any agreement or instrument binding upon it or any of its assets. 

6.12. All authorizations required or desirable: 

 (i) 
 to enable it lawfully to enter into, exercise its rights under and comply with its obligations under
this Agreement; 

(ii) to ensure that those obligations are legal, valid, binding and enforceable;
and 

 (iii) 
 to make this Agreement admissible in evidence in its jurisdiction of incorporation, have been or
will have been by the time, obtained or effected and are, or will be by the appropriate time, in full force and effect. 

6.13. It is not aware of any circumstances which will lead to: 

 (i) 
 any authorization obtained or effected not remaining in full force and effect; 

 (ii) 
 any authorization not being obtained, renewed or effected when required or desirable; or 

11 

(iii) 
 any authorization being subject to a condition or requirement which it does not reasonably expect
to satisfy or the compliance with which has or could reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect. 

6.14. 
 It is not the target of economic sanctions administered by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of
the U.S. Department of the Treasury, the U.S. Department of State, the United Nations Security Council, the European Union, Her Majesty s
Treasury or Singapore Sanctions ), including by being listed on the Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons (SDN)
List maintained by OFAC or any other Sanctions list maintained by one of the foregoing governmental authorities, directly or indirectly
owned or controlled by one or more SDNs or other Persons included on any other Sanctions list, or located, organized or resident in a
country or territory that is the target of Sanctions, and (b) the purchase of the Product(s) will not violate any Sanctions or import
and export control related laws and regulations. 

6.15. 
 All information supplied by either Party is and shall be true and correct, and the information does
not contain and will not contain any statement that is false or misleading. 

7. Indemnification and Limitation of Liability 

7.1. Each Party shall, during the term
of this Agreement and at any time thereafter, indemnify and save the other Party and/or its Affiliates harmless from and against any and
all damages, suits, claims, judgments, liabilities, losses, fees, costs or expenses of any kind, including reasonable legal fees, whatsoever
arising out of or incidental to (a) the Products pursuant to this Agreement, (b) a breach of this Agreement or (c) such first Party s
willful misconduct or gross negligence. 

7.2. Notwithstanding anything to the
contrary herein, each Party and its Affiliates shall under no circumstances, be liable to the other Party and its Affiliates for any consequential
loss, or loss of goodwill, business, anticipated profits, revenue, contract, or business opportunity arising out of or in connection with
this Agreement, and each Party hereby waives any claim it may at any time have against the other Party and its Affiliates in respect of
any such damages. In addition, _____________ shall not be responsible for any direct, specific, incidental, accidental or indirect loss
arising from the use of the Product(s), including but not limited to the loss of commercial profits. The foregoing limitation of liability
shall apply whether in an action at law, including but not limited to contract, strict liability, negligence, willful misconduct or other
tortious action, or an action in equity. 

 7.3. 
 a) _____________ and its Affiliates cumulative aggregate liability pursuant
to this Agreement, whether arising from tort, breach of contract or any other cause of action, 

12 

shall be limited to and
not exceed the amount of one hundred percent (100 of the payment actually made by the Purchaser to _____________ under this Agreement
(the Indemnity Cap ); and (b) the Purchaser and its Affiliates cumulative aggregate liability pursuant to this Agreement,
whether arising from tort, breach of contract or any other cause of action, shall be limited to and not exceed the amount of one hundred
percent (100 of the Indemnity Cap. 

 7.4. 
 The Product(s) are not designed, manufactured or intended for use in hazardous or critical environments
or in activities requiring emergency or fail-safe operation, such as the operation of nuclear facilities, aircraft navigation or communication
systems or in any other applications or activities in which failure of the Product(s) may pose the risk of environmental harm or physical
injury or death to humans. _____________ specifically disclaims any express or implied warranty of fitness for any of the above described
application and any such use shall be at the Purchaser s sole risk. 

 7.5. 
 The above limitations and exclusions shall apply (1) notwithstanding failure of essential purpose
of any exclusive or limited remedy; and (2) whether or not the indemnifying Party has been advised of the possibility of such damages.
This Clause allocates the risks under this Agreement and the pricing herein reflects this allocation of risk and the above limitations. 

8. Distribution 

 8.1. 
 This Agreement does not constitute a distributor agreement between _____________ and the Purchaser.
Therefore, the Purchaser is not an authorized distributor of _____________. 

 8.2. 
 The Purchaser shall in no event claim or imply to a third party that it is an authorized distributor
of _____________ or any similar terms, or perform any act that will cause it to be construed as an authorized distributor of _____________.
As between the Purchaser and _____________, the Purchaser shall be exclusively and fully responsible for complying with the Applicable
Laws regarding repackaging the Product(s) for the Purchaser s redistribution needs, and shall be solely liable for any and all liabilities
or costs directly incurred or incidental to such redistribution. 

9. Intellectual Property Rights 

 9.1. 
 The Parties agree that the Intellectual Property Rights in any way contained in the Product(s), made,
conceived or developed by Bitmain and/or its Affiliates for the Product(s) under this Agreement and/or, achieved, derived from, related
to, connected with the provision of the Product(s) by Bitmain and/or acquired by Bitmain from any other person in performance of this
Agreement shall be the exclusive property of Bitmain and/or its Affiliates. 

9.2. 
 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, all Intellectual Property Rights in 

13 

the Product(s) shall remain
the exclusive property of Bitmain and/or its licensors. Except for licenses explicitly identified in Bitmain s shipping confirmation
or in this Clause 9.2, no rights or licenses are expressly granted, or implied, whether by estoppel or otherwise, in respect of any Intellectual
Property Rights of Bitmain and/or its Affiliates or any Intellectual Property residing in the Product(s) provided to the Purchaser, including
in any documentation or any data furnished by Bitmain. _____________ grants a non-exclusive, royalty-free and irrevocable sublicense of
Bitmain and/or its Affiliates Intellectual Property Rights to solely use the Product(s) for their ordinary function, and subject
to the Clauses set forth herein. The Purchaser shall in no event knowingly violate the Intellectual Property Rights of Bitmain and/or
its licensors. 

 9.3. 
 The Purchaser shall not illegally use or infringe the Intellectual Property Rights of the Product
in any other measure. Otherwise, _____________ shall have the right to request the Purchaser to take immediate remedial measures and assume
full responsibilities, including but not limited to ceasing the infringement immediately, eliminating the impact, and compensating _____________
and/or its suppliers for all losses arising out of the infringement, etc. 

 9.4. 
 The Purchaser shall not use any technical means to disassemble, mapping or analyze the Products that
the Purchaser obtains publicly to retrieve relevant technical information of the Products and use it for commercial purposes. Otherwise,
The Purchaser shall be liable for losses caused to _____________ in accordance with Clause 9.3. 

10. Confidentiality and Communications 

10.1. All information concerning this Agreement and matters
pertaining to or derived from the provision of Product(s) pursuant to this Agreement between the Parties, whether in oral or written form,
or in the form of drawings, computer programs or other, as well as all data derived therefrom Confidential Information ),
shall be deemed to be confidential and, as such, may not be divulged to any unauthorized person. The Purchaser undertakes and agrees to
take all reasonable and practicable steps to ensure and protect the confidentiality of the Confidential Information which cannot be passed,
sold, traded, published or disclosed to any unauthorized person. 

11. Term of this Agreement 

 11.1. 
 The Parties agree that, unless this Agreement specifies otherwise, no Party shall terminate this
Agreement in advance. 

 11.2. 
 This Agreement shall be effective upon signing of this Agreement and shall remain effective up to
and until the delivery of the last batch of Products. 

12. Contact Information 

14 

All communications in relation to this Agreement
shall be made to the following contact(s): 

_____________ s business contact: 

 Name: _____________ 

 Phone: _____________ 

 Email: _____________ Purchaser s business
contact: Name: Zach Bradford, CEO Phone: _____________ 

 Email: _____________ 

13. Compliance with Laws and Regulations 

 13.1. 
 The Purchaser acknowledges and agrees that the Product(s) in this Agreement are subject to export
control laws and regulations, including but not limited to the Export Administration Regulations EAR of the United States.
Without limiting the foregoing, the Purchaser shall not knowingly export, re-export, or transfer, directly or indirectly, any Product(s)
subject to this Agreement without receiving the proper licenses or license exceptions from all applicable governmental authorities, including
but not limited to the U.S. Department of Commerce Bureau of Industry and Security. With respect to any export transactions under this
Agreement, the Purchaser and _____________ will reasonably cooperate to promote compliance with all applicable export laws and regulations.
_____________ agrees to provide the Purchaser with accurate and complete information regarding the Products that is reasonably necessary
for Purchaser to comply with applicable export laws, including all applicable Export Control Classification Numbers (ECCNs), information
regarding eligibility of the Products for license exceptions, and any other information reasonably requested by Purchaser from time to
time for the purposes of export. _____________ further agrees to promptly inform Purchaser of any changes to such information, including
as a result of changes to the applicable export laws or regulations. 

15 

13.2. 
 The Purchaser undertakes that it will not take any action under this Agreement or use the Product(s)
in a way that will be a breach of any applicable anti-money laundering laws, anti-corruption laws, and/or counter-terrorist financing
laws. 

14. Force Majeure 

 To
the extent that a Party is fully or partially delayed, prevented or hindered by an event of Force Majeure from performing any obligation
under this Agreement (other than an obligation to make payment), subject to the exercise of reasonable diligence by the affected Party,
the failure to perform shall be excused by the occurrence of such event of Force Majeure. A Party claiming that its performance is excused
by an event of Force Majeure shall, promptly after the occurrence of such event of Force Majeure, notify the other Party of the nature,
date of inception and expected duration of such event of Force Majeure and the extent to which the Party expects that the event will delay,
prevent or hinder the Party from performing its obligations under this Agreement. The notifying Party shall thereafter use its best effort
to eliminate such event of Force Majeure and mitigate its effects. 

14.1. The affected Party shall use reasonable diligence
to remove the event of Force Majeure, and shall keep the other Party informed of all significant developments. 

14.2. Except in the case of an event of Force Majeure,
neither party may terminate this Agreement prior to its expiry date. 

 14.3. 
 The Parties agree that, except for the prohibition of production and sale of Super Computing Server
by the local government for Bitmain, other related government actions shall not be deemed as Force Majeure. 

15. Entire Agreement and Amendment 

 This Agreement, along
with executed POs as contemplated herein, constitutes the entire agreement of the Parties hereto and can only be amended with the written
consent of both Parties or otherwise as mutually agreed by both Parties. 

16. Assignment 

 16.1. 
 _____________ may assign or transfer any of its rights, benefits or obligations under this Agreement
in whole or in part to its Affiliates or to any third party, with Purchaser s consent, which Purchaser shall not unreasonably withhold.
The Purchaser may not assign or transfer any of its rights, benefits or obligations under this Agreement in whole or in part without _____________ s
prior written consent, which _____________ shall unreasonably withhold. 

16 

16.2. 
 This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of each Party to this Agreement and
its successors in title and permitted assigns. 

17. Severability 

 To the extent possible,
if any provision of this Agreement is held to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable in whole or in part by a court, the provision shall
apply with whatever deletion or modification is necessary so that such provision is legal, valid and enforceable and gives effect to the
commercial intention of the Parties. The remaining provisions of this Agreement shall not be affected and shall remain in full force and
effect. 

18. Personal Data 

 18.1. 
 Depending on the nature of the Purchaser s interaction with _____________, some examples of
personal data which _____________ may collect from the Purchaser include the Purchaser s name and identification information, contact
information such as the Purchaser s address, email address and telephone number, nationality, gender, date of birth, and financial
information such as bank account information. 

 18.2. 
 _____________ generally does not collect the Purchaser s personal data unless (a) it is provided
to _____________ voluntarily by the Purchaser directly or via a third party who has been duly authorized by the Purchaser to disclose
the Purchaser s personal data to _____________ (the Purchaser s authorized representative after (i) the Purchaser
(or the Purchaser s authorized representative) has been notified of the purposes for which the data is collected, and (ii) the Purchaser
(or the Purchaser s authorized representative) has provided written consent to the collection and usage of the Purchaser s
personal data for those purposes, or (b) collection and use of personal data without consent is permitted or required by related laws.
_____________ shall seek the Purchaser s consent before collecting any additional personal data and before using the Purchaser s
personal data for a purpose which has not been notified to the Purchaser (except where permitted or authorized by law). 

19. Governing Law and Dispute Resolution 

 19.1. 
 This Agreement shall be solely governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Commonwealth
of Massachusetts without regard to its conflicts of laws principles. 

 19.2. 
 Any dispute, controversy or claim arising out of or relating to this Agreement, or the breach, termination,
enforcement, interpretation or validity thereof, including the determination of the scope or applicability of this agreement to arbitrate,
shall be determined by arbitration to be administered by JAMS pursuant to its Comprehensive Arbitration Rules (the Comprehensive
Rules ), and in accordance with the Expedited Procedures in those Rules, except to the extent modified by the 

17 

provisions of this Section
19.2; provided, however, that any party may seek provisional or ancillary remedies, such as preliminary injunctive relief, from a court
having jurisdiction, before, during or after the pendency of any arbitration proceeding. The arbitration shall be before a three-arbitrator
panel unless the parties agree to a single arbitrator. Within 15 days after the commencement of arbitration, each party shall select one
person to act as arbitrator, and the two so selected shall select a third arbitrator within 30 days of the commencement of the arbitration.
If a party does not select an arbitrator within the allotted time, or if the arbitrators selected by the parties are unable or fail to
agree upon the third arbitrator within the allotted time, the arbitrator shall be designated by JAMS. All arbitrators shall serve as neutral,
independent and impartial arbitrators. All such arbitrations shall be held in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts or such other location
as the parties may mutually agree, and the arbitrator(s) shall apply the law of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts to the dispute exclusive
of conflict or choice of law rules. 

20. Waiver 

 Failure by either Party
to enforce at any time any provision of this Agreement, or to exercise any election of options provided herein shall not constitute a
waiver of such provision or option, nor affect the validity of this Agreement or any part hereof, or the right of the waiving Party to
thereafter enforce each and every such provision or option. 

21. Counterparts and Electronic Signatures 

 This Agreement may be executed
in one or more counterparts, each of which will be deemed to be an original copy of this Agreement, and all of which, when taken together,
will be deemed to constitute one and the same agreement. The facsimile, email or other electronically delivered signatures of the Parties
shall be deemed to constitute original signatures, and facsimile or electronic copies hereof shall be deemed to constitute duplicate originals. 

22. Further Assurance 

 Each Party undertakes to
the other Party to execute or procure to be executed all such documents and to do or procure to be done all such other acts and things
as may be reasonable and necessary to give all Parties the full benefit of this Agreement. 

23. Third Party Rights 

 A person who is not a Party
to this Agreement has no right under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Ordinance (Chapter 623 of the Laws of Hong Kong) to enforce
or to enjoy the benefit of any term of this Agreement. 

24. Liquidated Damages Not Penalty 

 It is expressly agreed that
any liquidated damages payable under this Agreement do not constitute a penalty and that the Parties, having negotiated in good faith
for such specific liquidated damages and having agreed that the amount of such liquidated damages is reasonable in light of the anticipated
harm caused by the breach related thereto and the difficulties of proof of loss and inconvenience or nonfeasibility of obtaining any adequate
remedy, are estopped from contesting the validity or enforceability of such liquidated damages. 

The rest part of the page is intentionally
left in blank 

18 

Each Party represents and
warrants that its signatory whose signature appears below has been and is on the date of this Agreement duly authorized by all necessary
corporate or other appropriate action to execute this Agreement. 

Signed for and on behalf of _____________ 

_____________ 

Signature _________________ 

Name ____________________ 

 Title _____________________ 

Signed for and on behalf of the Purchaser 

CleanSpark, Inc. 

Signature _________________ 

 Name ___________________ 

 Title _____________________ 

19 

APPENDIX A 

1. Products: 

1.1. The information (including but
not limited to the quantity, rated hashrate, estimated unit price Unit Price ), estimated total price for one item Total Price (One Item) ), total price for all the items Total Purchase Price of Products to
be purchased by the Purchaser from _____________ is as follows Products ): 

1.1.1 Product Type 

Type 

Details 

Product Name 

Rated hashrate / unit 

Rated power / unit 

J/T@25 environment
 temperature 

Description 

20 

1.1.2 
 The estimated delivery schedule, reference quantity, total rated hashrate, unit price and total price
are as follows: 

Batch 

Shipping Schedule 

Reference Quantity 

Total Rated Hashrate (T) 

Estimated Price(US D /T) 

Estimated Unit Price (US 

Estimated Total Price (US 

Estimated Margin Fee (US 

1 

2 

3 

4 

5 

6 

7 

8 

9 

21 

1.1.3 Total price of the Products listed above: 

Total Purchase Price (exclusive
of tax, Upfront Fee and margin fee): US _____________ 

 Margin Fee (tax exclusive): US _____________ 

1.1.4 
 _____________ shall arrange for shipping of the Product(s) to the place of delivery designated by
the Purchaser within seven (7) business days of receipt of Product(s) from its supplier. 

1.2. Both Parties confirm and agree
that, if and to the extent that _____________ s supplier does not provide Product(s) with sufficient hashrate to _____________,
_____________ may adjust the total quantity based on the total hashrate provided that the total hashrate of the Product(s) actually delivered
to the Purchaser shall not be less than the total rated hashrate agreed in Article 1.1 of this Appendix A. _____________ makes no representation
that the quantity of the actually delivered Products shall be the same as the quantity set forth in Article 1.1. of this Appendix A. 

1.3. In the event that Bitmain publishes
any new type of products with less J/T value and suspends the production of the type of the Products as agreed in this Agreement, _____________
shall be entitled to release itself from any future obligation to deliver any subsequent Products by 10-day prior notice to the Purchaser
and continue to deliver new types of Products to the Purchaser, the total rated hashrate of which shall be no less than such subsequent
Products cancelled under this Agreement and the price of which shall be adjusted in accordance with the J/T value. In the event that the
Purchaser explicitly refuses to accept new types of Products, the Purchaser is entitled to request for a refund of the remaining balance
of the purchase price already paid by the Purchaser together with an interest at 0.0333 per day on such balance for the period from the
next day following the payment date of such balance to the date immediately prior to the date of request of refund. If the Purchaser accepts
the new types of Products delivered by Bitmain, _____________ shall be obliged to deliver such new types of Products to fulfill its obligations
under this Agreement. The Purchaser may request to lower the actual total hashrate of the Products delivered but shall not request to
increase the actual total hashrate to the level exceeding the total rated hashrate as set out in this Agreement. After Bitmain publishes
new types of Products and if Bitmain has not suspended the production of the types of Products under this Agreement, _____________ shall
continue to delivery such agreed types of Products in accordance with this Agreement and the Purchaser shall not terminate this Agreement
or refuse to accept the Products on the grounds that Bitmain has published new type(s) of Products. 

2. Cargo insurance coverage limitations 

22 

The cargo insurance coverage provided by _____________
is subject to the following limitations and exceptions: 

Exclusions: 

- loss damage or expense attributable to willful misconduct of the assured 

 - 
 ordinary leakage, ordinary loss in weight or volume, or ordinary wear and tear of the subject-matter
insured 

 - 
 loss damage or expense caused by insufficiency or unsuitability of packing or preparation of the
subject-matter insured (for the purpose of this Clause, packing shall be deemed to include stowage in a container or liftvan
but only when such stowage is carried out prior to attachment of this insurance or by the assured or their servants) 

 - 
 loss damage or expense caused by inherent vice or nature of the subject-matter insured 

 - 
 loss damage or expense proximately caused by delay, even though the delay be caused by a risk insured
against (except expenses payable) 

 - 
 loss damage or expense arising from insolvency or financial default of the owners managers charterers
or operators of the vessel 

 - 
 loss, damage, or expense arising from the use of any weapon of war employing atomic or nuclear fission,
and/or fusion or other like reaction or radioactive force or matter. 

 - 
 Loss, damage or expense arising from unseaworthiness of vessel or craft, unfitness of vessel craft
conveyance container or liftvan for the safe carriage of the subject- matter insured, where the Assured or their servants are privy to
such unseaworthiness or unfitness, at the time the subject-matter insured is loaded therein. 

 - 
 The underwriters waive any breach of the implied warranties of seaworthiness of the ship and fitness
of the ship to carry the subject-matter insured to destination, unless the Assured or their servants are privy to such unseaworthiness
or unfitness. 

 - 
 Loss, damage or expense caused by (1) war, civil war, revolution, rebellion, insurrection, or civil
strife arising therefrom, or any hostile act by or against a belligerent power, (2) capture, seizure, arrest, restraint or detainment
(piracy excepted), and the consequences thereof or any attempt threat, (3) derelict mines, torpedoes, bombs, or other derelict weapons
of war. 

 - 
 Loss, damage, or expense caused by strikers, locked-out workmen, or persons taking part in labor
disturbances, riots or civil commotion, resulting from strikes, 

23 

lock-outs, labor disturbances, riots or civil
commotions, caused by any terrorist or any person acting from a political motive. 

3. The payment shall be arranged by the Purchaser as set forth in Appendix
B. 

4. 
 At any time prior to the delivery, _____________ is entitled to, by written notice, request the Purchaser
to enter into a separate purchase agreement with _____________, and the Purchaser, if so requested, shall cooperate with _____________
to enter into such purchase agreement and shall pay the outstanding price for the Products in accordance with the terms and conditions
of this Agreement, failing which _____________ is entitled to request the Purchaser to continue to perform its obligations under this
Agreement. 

5. 
 The Purchaser shall pay US _____________ as down payment to _____________ upon the signing of this
Agreement, with the remaining being settled in accordance with the payment schedule set forth in this Agreement. 

6. 
 The Purchaser shall pay US _____________ as Upfront Fee to _____________ upon the signing of this
Agreement, which is irrevocable and non-refundable. 

7. 
 Without prejudice to the above, the unit price and the Total Purchase Price of the Product(s) and
any amount paid by the Purchaser shall be all denominated in USD. Where the Parties agree that the payments shall be made in cryptocurrencies,
the exchange rate between the USD and the cryptocurrency selected shall be determined and calculated as follows: The real time exchange
rate between the USD and the cryptocurrency displayed on the Bitmain s website upon payment shall apply. The exchange rate between
the USD and the cryptocurrency shall be fixed according to this provision. In any circumstance, the Purchaser shall not ask for any refund
due to the change of exchange rate. 

24 

APPENDIX B 

Due Date 

Amount (USD) 

Concept 

25 

</EX-10.41>

<EX-10.42>
 4
 ex10_42.htm

LEASE AGREEMENT BETWEEN 

ANC CORPORATE CENTER PASEO VERDE,
LLC, 

AS LANDLORD, AND 

CLEANSPARK, INC., 

AS TENANT 

DATED AUGUST 26, 2021 

2370 CORPORATE CIRCLE 

 HENDERSON, NEVADA 

BASIC LEASE INFORMATION 

Lease Date: 
 August 26, 2021 

Landlord: 
 ANC CORPORATE CENTER PASEO VERDE, LLC , a Delaware limited liability company 

Tenant: 
 CLEANSPARK, INC. , a Nevada corporation 

Premises: 
 Suite No. 160, containing approximately 4,552 rentable square feet and approximately 3,923 usable square feet, in the office building commonly known as Green Valley Corporate Center (the Building ), and whose street address is 2370 Corporate Circle, Henderson, Nevada. The Premises are outlined on the plan attached to the Lease as Exhibit A . The land on which the Building is located (the Land is described on Exhibit B . The term Project shall collectively refer to the Building, the Land and the driveways, parking facilities, and similar improvements and easements associated with the foregoing or the operation thereof. Tenant s rights to use parking spaces at the Project are set forth in Exhibit G hereto. 

Term: 
 Sixty-five (65) full calendar months, plus any partial month from the Commencement Date to the end of the month in which the Commencement Date falls, starting on the Commencement Date and ending at 5:00 p.m. local time on the last day of the sixty-fifth (65 th full calendar month following the Commencement Date, subject to adjustment and earlier termination as provided in the Lease. Tenant shall have an option to renew the Term as set forth in Exhibit H hereto. 

Commencement Date: 

The earlier of (a) the date on which Tenant occupies
 any portion of the Premises and begins conducting business therein, or (b) ninety (90) days after the date on which Landlord tenders
 possession of the Premises to Tenant (provided, that if Landlord is unable to deliver possession of the Premises to Tenant by such date,
 then, as provided in Section 3 of the Lease, Tenant shall accept possession of the Premises on the date Landlord tenders possession
 thereof to Tenant, which date will then be the Commencement Date or (c) upon completion of Tenant s Improvements
 within ninety days (90) pursuant to Exhibit D. 

Base Rent 
 Base Rent shall be the following amounts for the following periods of time: 

Lease Month 
 
 Monthly Base Rent 

1 12 
 10,924.80 

13 24 
 11,252.54 

25 36 
 11,590.12 

37 48 
 11,937.82 

49 60 
 12,295.96 

61 65 
 12,664.84 

As used herein, the term Lease Month means each calendar month during the Term (and if the Commencement Date does not occur on the first day of a calendar month, the period from the Commencement Date to the first day of the next calendar month shall be included in the first Lease Month for purposes of determining the duration of the Term and the monthly Base Rent rate applicable for such partial month). 

Base Rent Abatement: 
 Notwithstanding the section above titled Base Rent , provided that no Event of Default exists, Tenant shall be entitled to an abatement of Base Rent otherwise due for Lease Months 2, 3, 13, 14 and 25, such that the effective Base Rent rate for such Lease Months shall be zero dollars 0.00).). Notwithstanding such abatement of Base Rent (a) all other sums due under this Lease, including Additional Rent, shall be payable as provided in this Lease, and (b) any increases in Base Rent set forth in this Lease shall occur on the dates scheduled therefor. The abatement of Base Rent provided for in this paragraph is conditioned upon Tenant s full and timely performance of all of its obligations under this Lease. If at any time during the Term an Event of Default by Tenant occurs, then the abatement of Base Rent provided for in this paragraph shall immediately become void, and Tenant shall promptly pay to Landlord, in addition to all other amounts due to Landlord under this Lease, the full amount of all Base Rent herein abated. 

Security Deposit: 
 12,664.84. 

Rent: 
 Base Rent, Tenant s share of Additional Rent, and all other sums that Tenant may owe to Landlord or otherwise be required to pay under the Lease. 

Initial Rent Payment: 
 Upon execution of this Lease and in addition to the Security Deposit, Tenant shall pay to Landlord the amount of 10,924.80, which amount shall be applied against Tenant s first due monthly payments of Base Rent due under this Lease. 

Permitted Use: 
 General office use. 

Tenant s Proportionate Share: 
 6.5773 with regard to the Building, which is the percentage obtained by dividing (a) the number of rentable square feet in the Premises as stated above by (b) the 69,208 rentable square feet in the Building. Landlord and Tenant stipulate that the number of rentable square feet in the Premises and in the Building set forth above is conclusive and shall be binding upon them. 

Base Year: 
 Calendar year 2022 (grossed up as provided in Section 4(b)(4) of the Lease). 

Initial Liability Insurance Amount: 
 3,000,000 (including umbrella coverage as set forth in Section 11 of the Lease). 

Tenant s Address: 
 Prior to Commencement Date: 
CleanSpark, Inc. 
8475 S. Eastern Ave., Suite 200 
Las Vegas, NV 89123 
Attention: Compliance Department 
Telephone: 203-252-9882 or 702-292-2994 
Email: compliance@cleanspark.com 
 Following Commencement Date: CleanSpark, Inc. 2370 Corporate Circle, Suite 160 Henderson, NV 89074 Attention: Compliance Department Telephone: 203-252-9882 or 702-292-2994 Email: compliance@cleanspark.com 

Landlord s Address: 
 
 For all Notices: 
 ANC Corporate Center Paseo Verde, LLC 
 c/o JMA Ventures, LLC 
 460 Bush Street 
 San Francisco, CA 94108 
 Attention: Paul Faries 
 Telephone: 
 Email: 

2 

The foregoing Basic Lease Information is incorporated
into and made a part of the Lease identified above. If any conflict exists between any Basic Lease Information and the Lease, then the
Lease shall control. 

LANDLORD : ANC CORPORATE CENTER PASEO VERDE, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 

By: /s/ Paul Faries 
 
 Name: Paul Faries 
 
 Title: Authorized Signatory 

TENANT : CLEANSPARK, INC., a Nevada corporation 

By: /s/ Zachary Bradford 

Name: Zachary Bradford 

Title: CEO 

3 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 Page No . 

1. 
 Definitions and Basic Provisions. 
 1 
 
 2. 
 Lease Grant. 
 1 
 
 3. 
 Tender of Possession. 
 1 
 
 4. 
 Rent. 
 1 
 
 (a) 
 Payment.. 
 1 
 
 (b) 
 Operating Costs. 
 2 
 
 5. 
 Delinquent Payment; Handling Charges. 
 4 
 
 6. 
 Security Deposit. 
 4 
 
 7. 
 Landlord s Obligations. 
 4 
 
 (a) 
 Services. 
 4 
 
 (b) 
 Excess Utility Use 
 5 
 
 (c) 
 Restoration of Services; Abatement 
 5 
 
 (d) 
 Access 
 5 
 
 8. 
 Improvements; Alterations; Repairs; Maintenance. 
 5 
 
 (a) 
 Improvements; Alterations. 
 5 
 
 (b) 
 Repairs; Maintenance. 
 5 
 
 (c) 
 Performance of Work. 
 6 
 
 (d) 
 Mechanic s Liens. 
 6 
 
 (e) 
 N.R.S. Sections 108.2403 and 108.2407. 
 7 
 
 9. 
 Use. 
 7 
 
 10. 
 Assignment and Subletting. 
 7 
 
 (a) 
 Transfers. 
 7 
 
 (b) 
 Consent Standards. 
 7 
 
 (c) 
 Request for Consent. 
 7 
 
 (d) 
 Conditions to Consent. 
 8 
 
 (e) 
 Attornment by Subtenants 
 8 
 
 (f) 
 Cancellation. 
 8 
 
 (g) 
 Additional Compensation. 
 8 
 
 (h) 
 Permitted Transfers. 
 8 
 
 11. 
 Insurance; Waivers; Subrogation; Indemnity. 
 9 
 
 (a) 
 Tenant s Insurance. 
 9 
 
 (b) 
 Landlord s Insurance. 
 11 
 
 (c) 
 No Subrogation; Waiver of Property Claims. 
 12 
 
 (d) 
 Indemnity 
 12 
 
 12. 
 Subordination; Attornment; Notice to Landlord s Mortgagee. 
 12 
 
 (a) 
 Subordination 
 12 
 
 (b) 
 Attornment 
 13 
 
 (c) 
 Notice to Landlord s Mortgagee 
 13 
 
 (d) 
 Landlord s Mortgagee s Protection Provisions. 
 13 
 
 13. 
 Rules and Regulations. 
 13 
 
 14. 
 Condemnation. 
 13 

4 

(a) 
 Total Taking 
 13 
 
 (b) 
 Partial Taking - Tenant s Rights 
 13 
 
 (c) 
 Partial Taking - Landlord s Rights 
 13 
 
 (d) 
 Temporary Taking 
 14 
 
 (e) 
 Award 
 14 
 
 15. 
 Fire or Other Casualty. 
 14 
 
 (a) 
 Repair Estimate 
 14 
 
 (b) 
 Tenant s Rights 
 14 
 
 (c) 
 Landlord s Rights 
 14 
 
 (d) 
 Repair Obligation 
 14 
 
 (e) 
 Waiver of Statutory Provisions 
 15 
 
 (f) 
 Abatement of Rent 
 15 
 
 16. 
 Personal Property Taxes. 
 15 
 
 17. 
 Events of Default. 
 15 
 
 (a) 
 Payment Default 
 15 
 
 (b) 
 Abandonment 
 15 
 
 (c) 
 Estoppel 
 15 
 
 (d) 
 Insurance 
 15 
 
 (e) 
 Mechanic s Liens 
 15 
 
 (f) 
 Other Defaults 
 15 
 
 (g) 
 Insolvency 
 16 
 
 18. 
 Remedies. 
 16 
 
 (a) 
 Termination of Lease 
 16 
 
 (b) 
 Enforcement of Lease 
 16 
 
 (c) 
 Sublessees of Tenant 
 17 
 
 (d) 
 Efforts to Relet 
 17 
 
 (e) 
 Suspension of Services 
 17 
 
 19. 
 Payment by Tenant; Non-Waiver; Cumulative Remedies. 
 17 
 
 (a) 
 Payment by Tenant 
 17 
 
 (b) 
 No Waiver 
 17 
 
 (c) 
 Cumulative Remedies 
 18 
 
 (d) 
 Continuing Liability of Tenant 
 18 
 
 20. 
 Intentionally Omitted. 
 18 
 
 21. 
 Surrender of Premises. 
 18 
 
 22. 
 Holding Over. 
 18 
 
 23. 
 Certain Rights Reserved by Landlord. 
 18 
 
 (a) 
 Building Operations 
 19 
 
 (b) 
 Security 
 19 
 
 (c) 
 Prospective Purchasers and Lenders 
 19 
 
 (d) 
 Prospective Tenants 
 19 
 
 24. 
 Substitution Space. 
 19 
 
 25. 
 Miscellaneous. 
 19 
 
 (a) 
 Landlord Transfer 
 19 
 
 (b) 
 Landlord s Liability 
 19 
 
 (c) 
 Force Majeure 
 19 
 
 (d) 
 Brokerage. 
 20 

5 

(e) 
 Estoppel Certificates 
 20 
 
 (f) 
 Notices 
 20 
 
 (g) 
 Separability 
 20 
 
 (h) 
 Amendments; Binding Effect 
 20 
 
 (i) 
 Quiet Enjoyment 
 20 
 
 (j) 
 No Merger 
 21 
 
 (k) 
 No Offer 
 21 
 
 (l) 
 Entire Agreement 
 21 
 
 (m) 
 Waiver of Jury Trial 
 21 
 
 (n) 
 Governing Law 
 21 
 
 (o) 
 Recording 
 21 
 
 (p) 
 Water or Mold Notification 
 21 
 
 (q) 
 Joint and Several Liability 
 21 
 
 (r) 
 Financial Reports 
 21 
 
 (s) 
 Landlord s Fees 
 22 
 
 (t) 
 Attorneys Fees 
 22 
 
 (u) 
 Telecommunications 
 22 
 
 (v) 
 Confidentiality 
 22 
 
 (w) 
 Authority 
 22 
 
 (x) 
 Hazardous Materials 
 22 
 
 (y) 
 List of Exhibits 
 23 
 
 (z) 
 Prohibited Persons and Transactions 
 23 
 
 (aa) 
 ERISA. 
 23 
 
 26. 
 Intentionally Omitted. 
 23 
 
 27. 
 Directory Sign; Suite-Entry Sign 
 23 
 
 28. 
 Counterparts. 
 23 

6 

LIST OF DEFINED TERMS 

Page No. 

Additional Rent 
 2 
 
 Affiliate 
 1 
 
 Association 
 3 
 
 Base Rent 
 i 
 
 Base Rent Abatement 
 ii 
 
 Base Year 
 ii 
 
 Basic Lease Information 
 1 
 
 Building 
 i 
 
 Building s Structure 
 1 
 
 Building s Systems 
 1 
 
 Casualty 
 14 
 
 Commencement Date 
 i 
 
 Damage Notice 
 14 
 
 Declaration 
 3 
 
 Default Rate 
 4 
 
 Disabilities Acts 
 7 
 
 ERISA 
 23 
 
 Estimated Delivery Date 
 1 
 
 Event of Default 
 15 
 
 Fair Market Rental Rate 
 H-1 
 
 GAAP 
 9 
 
 Hazardous Materials 
 22 
 
 HVAC 
 4 
 
 including 
 1 
 
 Initial Liability Insurance Amount 
 ii 
 
 Land 
 i 
 
 Landlord s Mortgagee 
 12 
 
 Law 
 1 
 
 Laws 
 1 
 
 Lease 
 1 
 
 Lease Month 
 ii 
 
 Loss 
 12 
 
 Mortgage 
 12 
 
 NRS 
 14 
 
 OFAC 
 23 
 
 Operating Costs 
 2 
 
 Operating Costs Statement 
 3 
 
 Parking Area 
 G-1 
 
 Permitted Transfer 
 8 
 
 Permitted Transferee 
 8 
 
 Permitted Use 
 ii 
 
 Premises 
 i 
 
 Primary Lease 
 12 
 
 Project 
 i 
 
 Rent 
 ii 
 
 Repair Period 
 14 
 
 Security Deposit 
 ii 
 
 Taking 
 13 
 
 Tangible Net Worth 
 9 
 
 Taxes 
 3 
 
 Telecommunications Services 
 22 
 
 Tenant 
 1 
 
 Tenant Party 
 1 
 
 Tenant s Off-Premises Equipment 
 1 
 
 Tenant s Proportionate Share 
 ii 
 
 Term 
 i 
 
 Transfer 
 7 

7 

LEASE 

 This Lease Agreement (this
 Lease is entered into as of August 26, 2021, between ANC CORPORATE CENTER PASEO VERDE, LLC ,
a Delaware limited liability company Landlord ), and CLEANSPARK, INC. , a Nevada corporation Tenant ). 

 1. 
 Definitions and Basic Provisions The definitions and basic provisions set forth in the Basic Lease Information (the
 Basic Lease Information executed by Landlord and Tenant contemporaneously herewith are incorporated herein
by reference for all purposes. Additionally, the following terms shall have the following meanings when used in this Lease: Affiliate 
means any person or entity which, directly or indirectly, through one or more intermediaries, controls, is controlled by, or is under
common control with the party in question; Building s Structure means the Building s exterior
walls, roof, elevator shafts, footings, foundations, structural portions of load-bearing walls, structural floors and subfloors, and structural
columns and beams; Building s Systems means the Building s HVAC, life-safety, plumbing, electrical,
and mechanical systems; including means including, without limitation; Laws means
all federal, state, and local laws, ordinances, rules and regulations, all court orders, governmental directives, and governmental orders
and all interpretations of the foregoing, and all restrictive covenants affecting the Project, and Law means
any of the foregoing; Tenant s Off-Premises Equipment means any of Tenant s equipment or other
property that may be located on or about the Project (other than inside the Premises); and Tenant Party means
any of the following persons: Tenant; any assignees claiming by, through, or under Tenant; any subtenants claiming by, through, or under
Tenant; and any of their respective agents, contractors, employees, licensees, guests and invitees. 

 2. 
 Lease Grant. Subject to the terms of this Lease, Landlord leases to Tenant, and Tenant leases from Landlord, the Premises. 

 3. 
 Tender of Possession. Landlord and Tenant presently anticipate that possession of the Premises will be tendered to Tenant
in the condition required by this Lease within one (1) business day after the execution and delivery of this Lease by Landlord and Tenant
(the Estimated Delivery Date ). If Landlord is unable to tender possession of the Premises in such condition
to Tenant by the Estimated Delivery Date, then (a) the validity of this Lease shall not be affected or impaired thereby, (b) Landlord
shall not be in default hereunder or be liable for damages therefor, and (c) Tenant shall accept possession of the Premises when
Landlord tenders possession thereof to Tenant. By occupying the Premises, Tenant shall be deemed to have accepted the Premises in their
condition as of the date of such occupancy, subject to the performance of punch-list items that remain to be performed by Landlord, if
any. Prior to occupying the Premises, Tenant shall execute and deliver to Landlord a letter substantially in the form of Exhibit E 
hereto confirming (1) the Commencement Date and the expiration date of the initial Term, (2) that Tenant has accepted the Premises,
and (3) that Landlord has performed all of its obligations with respect to the Premises (except for punch-list items specified in
such letter); however, the failure of the parties to execute such letter shall not defer the Commencement Date or otherwise invalidate
this Lease. Occupancy of the Premises by Tenant prior to the Commencement Date shall be subject to all of the provisions of this Lease
excepting only those requiring the payment of Base Rent and Additional Rent (each as defined herein). 

 4. 
 Rent. 

 (a) 
 Payment Tenant shall timely pay to Landlord Rent, without notice, demand, deduction or set off (except as otherwise expressly
provided herein), by ACH/Wire or, good and sufficient check drawn on a national banking association at Landlord s address provided
for in this Lease or as otherwise specified by Landlord and shall be accompanied by all applicable state and local sales or use taxes.
Rent and other monies required to be paid by Tenant hereunder shall be paid to Landlord, without deduction or offset, except as otherwise
provided herein, in legal tender of the United States of America, at: 

 If by wiring instructions (and
ACH) 

 WIRING INSTRUCTIONS 

 ______________ 

 ABA # ______________ 

 Account # ______________ 

8 

Account name: ______________ 

ACH INSTRUCTIONS 

 ______________ 

 ABA# ______________ 

 Account# ______________ 

 Account name: ______________ 

Or by check made payable to ANC Corporate Center Paseo Verde, LLC and delivered to: 

 American Nevada Realty, LLC 

 2360 Corporate Circle, Suite 330 

 Henderson, NV89074 

 Attention: Property Management 

 Landlord reserves the right
to modify the foregoing payment instructions upon not less than thirty (30) days prior notice to Tenant. The obligations of Tenant to
pay Base Rent and other sums to Landlord and the obligations of Landlord under this Lease are independent obligations. Base Rent, adjusted
as herein provided, shall be payable monthly in advance. The first monthly installment of Base Rent shall be payable contemporaneously
with the execution of this Lease; thereafter, Base Rent shall be payable on the first day of each month beginning on the first day of
the second full calendar month of the Term. The monthly Base Rent for any partial month at the beginning of the Term shall equal the product
of 1/360 of the annual Base Rent in effect during the partial month and the number of days in the partial month and shall be due on the
Commencement Date. Payments of Base Rent for any fractional calendar month at the end of the Term shall be similarly prorated. Tenant
shall pay Additional Rent at the same time and in the same manner as Base Rent. 

 (b) 
 Operating Costs. 

 (1) 
 Tenant shall pay to Landlord Tenant s Proportionate Share of the amount by which Operating Costs (defined below) exceed
Operating Costs for the Base Year Additional Rent ). Landlord may make a good faith estimate of the Additional Rent
to be due from Tenant for any calendar year or part thereof during the Term. During each calendar year or partial calendar year of the
Term (after the Base Year). Tenant shall pay to Landlord, in advance concurrently with each monthly installment of Base Rent, an amount
equal to Tenant s Proportionate Share of the estimated Additional Rent for such calendar year or part thereof divided by the number
of months therein. From time to time, Landlord may estimate and re-estimate the Additional Rent to be due from Tenant and deliver a copy
of the estimate or re-estimate to Tenant. Thereafter, the monthly installments of Additional Rent payable by Tenant shall be appropriately
adjusted in accordance with the estimations so that, by the end of the calendar year in question, Tenant shall have paid all of the Additional
Rent as estimated by Landlord. Any amounts paid based on such an estimate shall be subject to adjustment as herein provided when actual
Operating Costs are available for each calendar year. The term Operating Costs means all expenses and disbursements
(subject to the limitations set forth below) that Landlord incurs in connection with the ownership, operation, and maintenance of the
Project, determined in accordance with sound accounting principles consistently applied, including the following costs: (A)management
and supervision fees in an amount not to exceed three and one half percent (3.5 of all gross receipts (which includes all rental and
other revenue) received by Landlord in connection with the ownership, operation, and management of the Building; (B) all supplies
and materials used in the operation, maintenance, repair, replacement, and security of the Project; (C) costs for improvements made
to the Project which, although capital in nature, are expected to reduce the normal operating costs (including all utility costs) of
the Project, as amortized using a commercially reasonable interest rate over the time period reasonably estimated by Landlord to recover
the costs thereof taking into consideration the anticipated cost savings, as determined by Landlord using its good faith, commercially
reasonable judgment, as well as capital improvements made in order to comply with any Law hereafter promulgated by any governmental authority
or any interpretation hereafter rendered with respect to any existing Law, as amortized using a commercially reasonable interest rate
over the useful economic life of such improvements as determined by Landlord in its reasonable discretion; (D) cost of all utilities,
except the cost of utilities reimbursable to Landlord by the Project's tenants other than pursuant to a provision similar to this Section 4(b); 

9 

(E) insurance expenses; (F) repairs, replacements, and general maintenance of the Project; (G) fair market rental and other
costs with respect to the management office for the Building and shared tenant amenities, such as conference rooms and fitness facilities;
(H) service, maintenance and management contracts with independent contractors for the operation, maintenance, management, repair,
replacement, or security of the Project (including alarm service, window cleaning, and elevator maintenance); (I) all utilities and all
other services provided to the Building and the Project, not separately metered to other tenants; (J) costs and assessments allocated
to the Project pursuant to the Declaration, as defined below; and (K) Taxes, as defined in Section 4(c)(2) below. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, Tenant s Proportionate Share of Controllable Expenses (defined below) shall not increase by more than 5 over Tenant s
Proportionate Share of Controllable Expenses in the previous calendar year, including the Base Year, on a cumulative, compounded basis.
However, any increases in excess Operating Costs not recovered by Landlord due to the foregoing limitation shall be carried forward into
all succeeding calendar years during the Term (subject to the foregoing limitation) until fully recouped by Landlord. For example, if
Controllable Expenses were 100.00 in 2021, then the total Controllable Expenses that could be included in Operating Costs in 2022 would
be 105.00, for 2023 would be 110.25, for 2024 would be 115.76, and so on. The term Controllable Expenses means all Operating
Costs excluding expenses relating to the cost of utilities, insurance, real estate taxes and assessments, healthcare reform and other
expenses not within Landlord s control arising from increases in the minimum wage or other similar legal requirements. 

 Operating Costs shall
not include costs for (i) capital improvements made to the Building, other than capital improvements described in Section 4(b)(1)(C)
and except for items which are generally considered maintenance and repair items, such as painting of common areas, replacement of carpet
in elevator lobbies, and the like; (ii) repair, replacements and general maintenance paid by proceeds of insurance or by Tenant or
other third parties; (iii) interest, amortization or other payments on loans to Landlord; (iv) depreciation; (v) leasing
commissions; (vi) legal expenses for services, other than those that benefit the Project tenants generally (e.g., tax disputes);
(vii) renovating or otherwise improving space for occupants of the Project or vacant space in the Project; and (viii) federal
income taxes imposed on or measured by the income of Landlord from the operation of the Project. 

 (2) 
 Taxes means taxes, assessments, and governmental charges or fees whether federal, state, county or
municipal, and whether they be by taxing districts or authorities presently taxing or by others, subsequently created or otherwise, and
any other taxes and assessments (including non-governmental assessments for common charges under a restrictive covenant or other private
agreement that are not treated as part of Operating Costs) now or hereafter attributable to the Project (or its operation), excluding,
however, penalties and interest thereon and federal and state taxes on income. For property tax purposes, Tenant waives all rights to
protest or appeal the appraised value of the Premises, as well as the Project, and all rights to receive notices of re-appraisement. The
Project and the Premises, and Tenant s use of Green Valley Corporate Center, the Project, and the Premises, are subject to (i) those
rights, restrictions, covenants, easements, appendages, privileges, and appurtenances set forth in that certain Green Valley Corporate
Center Declaration of Covenants, Conditions, Restrictions, Reservations and Easements recorded on January 25, 1996, in Book 960125, as
Instrument No. 01411, in the Office of the Recorder of Clark County, Nevada, as amended pursuant to that Supplemental Declaration of Restrictive
Covenants, Conditions and Restrictions recorded on December 12, 2007, in Book 20071212, as Instrument No. 00145 in the Office of the Recorder
of Clark County, Nevada, and as may be further amended from time to time (the Declaration ). The Declaration is enforced
and implemented in part by the Green Valley Corporate Center Commercial Association (the Association ). 

 (3) 
 By April 1 of each calendar year, or as soon thereafter as practicable, Landlord shall furnish to Tenant a statement of Operating
Costs for the previous year, in each case adjusted as provided in Section 4(b)(1) (the Operating Costs Statement ).
If Tenant s estimated payments of Operating Costs under this Section 4(b) for the year covered by the Operating Costs Statement
exceed Tenant s Proportionate Share of such items as indicated in the Operating Costs Statement, then Landlord shall promptly credit
or reimburse Tenant for such excess; likewise, if Tenant s estimated payments of Operating Costs under this Section 4(b) for
such year are less than Tenant s Proportionate Share of such items as indicated in the Operating Costs Statement, then Tenant shall
pay Landlord such deficiency within thirty (30) days of Notice to Tenant of such deficiency. 

10 

(4) 
 With respect to any calendar year or partial calendar year in which the Building is not occupied to the extent of 95 of
the rentable area thereof, or Landlord is not supplying services to 95 of the rentable area thereof, the Operating Costs for such period
which vary with the occupancy of the Building shall, for the purposes hereof, be increased to the amount which would have been incurred
had the Building been occupied to the extent of 95 of the rentable area thereof and Landlord had been supplying services to 95 of the
rentable area thereof. 

 5. 
 Delinquent Payment; Handling Charges. All past due payments required of Tenant hereunder shall bear interest from the
date due until paid at the lesser of ten percent (10 per annum or the maximum lawful rate of interest (such lesser amount is referred
to herein as the Default Rate ); additionally, Landlord, in addition to all other rights and remedies available
to it, may charge Tenant a fee equal to five percent (5 of the delinquent payment to reimburse Landlord for its cost and inconvenience
incurred as a consequence of Tenant s delinquency. In no event, however, shall the charges permitted under this Section 5 or
elsewhere in this Lease, to the extent they are considered to be interest under applicable Law, exceed the maximum lawful rate of interest.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the late fee referenced above shall not be charged with respect to the first occurrence (but not any subsequent
occurrence) during any twelve (12) month period that Tenant fails to make payment when due, until five days after Landlord delivers written
notice of such delinquency to Tenant. 

 6. 
 Security Deposit. Contemporaneously with the execution of this Lease, Tenant shall pay to Landlord the Security Deposit,
which shall be held by Landlord to secure Tenant s performance of its obligations under this Lease. The Security Deposit is not
an advance payment of Rent or a measure or limit of Landlord s damages upon an Event of Default (as defined herein). Landlord may,
from time to time following an Event of Default and without prejudice to any other remedy, use all or a part of the Security Deposit to
perform any obligation Tenant fails to perform hereunder. Following any such application of the Security Deposit, Tenant shall pay to
Landlord on demand the amount so applied in order to restore the Security Deposit to its original amount. Provided that Tenant has performed
all of its obligations hereunder, Landlord shall, within 30 days after the Term ends, return to Tenant the portion of the Security Deposit
which was not applied to satisfy Tenant s obligations. The Security Deposit may be commingled with other funds, and no interest
shall be paid thereon. If Landlord transfers its interest in the Premises and the transferee assumes Landlord s obligations under
this Lease, then Landlord may assign the Security Deposit to the transferee and Landlord thereafter shall have no further liability for
the return of the Security Deposit. 

 7. 
 Landlord s Obligations. 

 (a) 
 Services. Landlord shall use good faith commercially reasonable efforts to furnish to Tenant (1) water at those
points of supply provided for general use of tenants of the Building; (2) heated and refrigerated air conditioning HVAC using such HVAC units as appropriate to meet Tenant's reasonable requirements for the Premises (provided that the maintenance and repair
of such HVAC units shall be Tenant s obligation pursuant to Paragraph 8(b) below)) and at such temperatures and in such amounts
as are standard for comparable buildings in the vicinity of the Building; and (3) elevators for ingress and egress to the floor on
which the Premises are located, in common with other tenants, provided that Landlord may reasonably limit the number of operating elevators
during non-business hours and holidays. Landlord shall maintain the common areas of the Building in reasonably good order and condition,
except for damage caused by a Tenant Party. If Tenant desires any of the services specified in Section 7(a)(2): (A) at any time
other than between 7:00 a.m. and 6:00 p.m. on weekdays and between 9:00 a.m. and 2:00 p.m. on Saturday (in each case other than holidays),
or (B) on Sunday or holidays, then such services shall be supplied to Tenant upon the written request of Tenant delivered to Landlord
before 3:00 p.m. on the business day preceding such extra usage, and Tenant shall pay to Landlord the cost of such services within 30
days after Landlord has delivered to Tenant an invoice therefor. The costs incurred by Landlord in providing after-hour HVAC service to
Tenant shall include costs for electricity, water, sewage, water treatment, labor, metering, filtering, and maintenance reasonably allocated
by Landlord to providing such service. The current rate for overtime HVAC per hour is Sixty Dollars 60.00). Landlord shall not be required
to deliver any janitorial services or electrical current to the Premises. Tenant shall be responsible for and is hereby required to obtain
such janitorial services for the Premises as are reasonably necessary to maintain the Premises in a first-class condition. In addition,
the entire Premises shall, as part of the Tenant Work (as defined in Exhibit D), be separately metered for electrical usage, and Tenant
shall be responsible for the electrical usage in the Premises. 

11 

(b) 
 Excess Utility Use Tenant shall not install any electrical equipment requiring special wiring or requiring voltage in
excess of 110 volts unless approved in advance by Landlord, which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld. Tenant shall not install
any electrical equipment requiring voltage in excess of Building capacity unless approved in advance by Landlord, which approval may be
withheld in Landlord s sole discretion. The use of electricity in the Premises shall not exceed the capacity of existing feeders
and risers to or wiring in the Premises. Any risers or wiring required to meet Tenant s excess electrical requirements shall, upon
Tenant s written request, be installed by Landlord, at Tenant s cost, if, in Landlord s judgment, the same are necessary
and shall not cause permanent damage to the Building or the Premises, cause or create a dangerous or hazardous condition, entail excessive
or unreasonable alterations, repairs, or expenses, or interfere with or disturb other tenants of the Building. If Tenant uses machines
or equipment in the Premises which affect the temperature otherwise maintained by the air conditioning system or otherwise overload any
utility, Landlord may install supplemental air conditioning units or other supplemental equipment in the Premises, and the cost thereof,
including the cost of installation, operation, use, and maintenance, in each case plus an administrative fee of 15 of such cost, shall
be paid by Tenant to Landlord within 30 days after Landlord has delivered to Tenant an invoice therefor. 

 (c) 
 Restoration of Services; Abatement Landlord shall use reasonable efforts to restore any service required of it that becomes
unavailable; however, such unavailability shall not render Landlord liable for any damages caused thereby, be a constructive eviction
of Tenant, constitute a breach of any implied warranty, or, except as provided in the next sentence, entitle Tenant to any abatement of
Tenant s obligations hereunder. If, however, Tenant is prevented from using the Premises because of the unavailability of any such
service for a period of twenty (20) consecutive business days following Landlord s receipt from Tenant of a written notice regarding
such unavailability, the restoration of which is within Landlord s reasonable control, and such unavailability was not caused by
a Tenant Party or a governmental directive, then Tenant shall, as its exclusive remedy be entitled to a reasonable abatement of Rent for
each consecutive day (after such 20 business day period) that Tenant is so prevented from using the Premises. 

 (d) 
 Access Subject to the Building rules and regulations attached as Exhibit C hereto and the other provisions of this Lease
(including Section 7(a) hereof), Tenant will be provided access to the Premises 24 hours per day, seven days per week, 52 weeks per
year. If such access is unavailable due to force majeure or any other reason beyond Landlord's control (including construction performed
by parties other than Landlord which prohibits such access), Landlord shall not be in default under this Section 7(d). 

 8. 
 Improvements; Alterations; Repairs; Maintenance. 

 (a) 
 Improvements; Alterations. Improvements to the Premises shall be installed at Tenant s expense only in accordance
with plans and specifications which have been previously submitted to and approved in writing by Landlord, which approval shall be governed
by the provisions set forth in this Section 8(a). No alterations or physical additions in or to the Premises may be made without
Landlord s prior written consent, which shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed; however, Landlord may withhold its consent
to any alteration or addition that would adversely affect (in the reasonable discretion of Landlord) the (1) Building s Structure
or the Building s Systems (including the Building s restrooms or mechanical rooms), (2) exterior appearance of the Building,
(3) appearance of the Building s common areas or elevator lobby areas, or (4) provision of services to other occupants
of the Building. Tenant shall not paint or install lighting or decorations, signs, window or door lettering, or advertising media of any
type visible from the exterior of the Premises without the prior written consent of Landlord, which consent may be withheld in Landlord s
sole and absolute discretion. All alterations, additions, and improvements shall be constructed, maintained, and used by Tenant, at its
risk and expense, in accordance with all Laws; Landlord s consent to or approval of any alterations, additions or improvements (or
the plans therefor) shall not constitute a representation or warranty by Landlord, nor Landlord s acceptance, that the same comply
with sound architectural and/or engineering practices or with all applicable Laws, and Tenant shall be solely responsible for ensuring
all such compliance. 

 (b) 
 Repairs; Maintenance. Tenant shall maintain the Premises in a clean, safe, and operable condition, and shall not permit
or allow to remain any waste or damage to any portion of the Premises. Additionally, Tenant, at its sole expense, shall repair, replace
and maintain in good condition and in accordance with all Laws and the equipment manufacturer s suggested service programs, all
portions of the Premises, Tenant s Off- 

12 

Premises Equipment and all areas, improvements and systems, including HVAC
equipment, exclusively serving the Premises; provided however, that Landlord agrees to replace the compressors in each of the two (2)
HVAC units serving the Premises, and Landlord shall warrant such HVAC units serving the Premises against defects for one (1) year following
the Commencement Date. Tenant shall repair or replace, subject to Landlord s direction and supervision, any damage to the Building
caused by a Tenant Party. If Tenant fails to make such repairs or replacements within 15 days after the occurrence of such damage, then
Landlord may make the same at Tenant s cost. If any such damage occurs outside of the Premises, then Landlord may elect to repair
such damage at Tenant s expense, rather than having Tenant repair such damage. The cost of all maintenance, repair or replacement
work performed by Landlord under this Section 8 shall be paid by Tenant to Landlord within 30 days after Landlord has invoiced Tenant
therefor. If Landlord elects to repair such damage pursuant to this Section 8, Tenant shall only be liable and invoiced for maintenance,
repair or replacement work actually performed (and supported by documentation and receipts) and no other fees shall be assessed. 

(c) 
 Performance of Work. All work described in this Section 8 shall be performed only by Landlord or by contractors
and subcontractors approved in writing by Landlord. Tenant shall cause all contractors and subcontractors performing work described in
this Section 8 to procure and maintain insurance coverage as set forth in Exhibit J . Tenant shall provide Landlord with the identities,
mailing addresses and telephone numbers of all persons performing work or supplying materials prior to beginning such construction and
Landlord may post on and about the Premises notices of non-responsibility pursuant to applicable Laws. All such work shall be performed
in accordance with all Laws and in a good and workmanlike manner so as not to damage the Building (including the Premises, the Building s
Structure and the Building s Systems). All such work which may affect the Building s Structure or the Building s Systems
must be approved by the Building s engineer of record, at Tenant s expense and, at Landlord s election, must be performed
by Landlord s usual contractor for such work. All work affecting the roof of the Building must be performed by Landlord s
roofing contractor and no such work will be permitted if it would void or reduce the warranty on the roof. 

 (d) 
 Mechanic s Liens. All work performed, materials furnished, or obligations incurred by or at the request of a Tenant
Party shall be deemed authorized and ordered by Tenant only, and Tenant shall not permit any mechanic s liens to be filed against
the Premises or the Project in connection therewith. Upon completion of any such work, Tenant shall deliver to Landlord final lien waivers
from all contractors, subcontractors and materialmen who performed such work. If such a lien is filed, then Tenant shall, within ten days
after Landlord has delivered notice of the filing thereof to Tenant (or such earlier time period as may be necessary to prevent the forfeiture
of the Premises, the Project or any interest of Landlord therein or the imposition of a civil or criminal fine with respect thereto),
either (1) pay the amount of the lien and cause the lien to be released of record, or (2) diligently contest such lien and deliver
to Landlord a bond or other security reasonably satisfactory to Landlord. If Tenant fails to timely take either such action, then Landlord
may pay the lien claim, and any amounts so paid, including expenses and interest, shall be paid by Tenant to Landlord within ten days
after Landlord has invoiced Tenant therefor. Landlord and Tenant acknowledge and agree that their relationship is and shall be solely
that of landlord-tenant (thereby excluding a relationship of owner-contractor, owner-agent or
other similar relationships). Accordingly, all materialmen, contractors, artisans, mechanics, laborers and any other persons now or hereafter
contracting with Tenant, any contractor or subcontractor of Tenant or any other Tenant Party for the furnishing of any labor, services,
materials, supplies or equipment with respect to any portion of the Premises, at any time from the date hereof until the end of the Term,
are hereby charged with notice that they look exclusively to Tenant to obtain payment for same. Nothing herein shall be deemed a consent
by Landlord to any liens being placed upon the Premises, the Project or Landlord s interest therein due to any work performed by
or for Tenant or deemed to give any contractor or subcontractor or materialman any right or interest in any funds held by Landlord to
reimburse Tenant for any portion of the cost of such work. Tenant shall defend, indemnify and hold harmless Landlord and its agents and
representatives from and against all claims, demands, causes of action, suits, judgments, damages and expenses (including attorneys 
fees) in any way arising from or relating to the failure by any Tenant Party to pay for any work performed, materials furnished, or obligations
incurred by or at the request of a Tenant Party. This indemnity provision shall survive termination or expiration of this Lease. 

 (e) 
 N.R.S. Sections 108.2403 and 108.2407 . 

 Prior to commencing any alterations,
(i) Tenant shall comply with N.R.S. Sections 108.2403 and 108.2407; and (ii) providing evidence of such compliance to Landlord. 

13 

9. 
 Use. Tenant shall continuously occupy and use the Premises only for the Permitted Use and shall comply with all Laws
relating to the use, condition, access to, and occupancy of the Premises and will not commit waste, overload the Building s Structure
or the Building s Systems or subject the Premises to use that would damage the Premises. The population density within the Premises
as a whole shall at no time exceed one person for each 300 rentable square feet in the Premises. Tenant shall not conduct second or third
shift operations within the Premises; however, Tenant may use the Premises after normal business hours. Notwithstanding anything in this
Lease to the contrary, as between Landlord and Tenant, (a) Tenant shall bear the risk of complying with Title III of the Americans
With Disabilities Act of 1990, any state laws governing handicapped access or architectural barriers, and all rules, regulations, and
guidelines promulgated under such laws, as amended from time to time (the Disabilities Acts in the Premises,
and (b) Landlord shall bear the risk of complying with the Disabilities Acts in the common areas of the Building, other than compliance
that is necessitated by the use of the Premises for other than the Permitted Use or as a result of any alterations or additions, including
any initial tenant improvement work, made by or on behalf of a Tenant Party (which risk and responsibility shall be borne by Tenant).
The Premises shall not be used for any use which is disreputable, creates extraordinary fire hazards, or results in an increased rate
of insurance on the Building or its contents, or for the storage of any Hazardous Materials (other than typical office supplies [e.g.,
photocopier toner] and then only in compliance with all Laws). Tenant shall not use any substantial portion of the Premises for a call
center, any other telemarketing use, or any credit processing use. If, because of a Tenant Party s acts or because Tenant
vacates the Premises, the rate of insurance on the Building or its contents increases, then such acts shall be an Event of Default, Tenant
shall pay to Landlord the amount of such increase on demand, and acceptance of such payment shall not waive any of Landlord s other
rights. Tenant shall conduct its business and control each other Tenant Party so as not to create any nuisance or unreasonably interfere
with other tenants or Landlord in its management of the Building. 

 10. 
 Assignment and Subletting. 

 (a) 
 Transfers. Except as provided in Section 10(h), Tenant shall not, without the prior written consent of Landlord,
which consent Landlord shall not unreasonably withhold pursuant to Section 10(b) (1) assign, transfer, or encumber this Lease or
any estate or interest herein, whether directly or by operation of law, (2) permit any other entity to become Tenant hereunder by
merger, consolidation, or other reorganization, (3) if Tenant is an entity other than a corporation whose stock is publicly traded,
permit the transfer of an ownership interest in Tenant so as to result in a change in the current control of Tenant, (4) sublet any
portion of the Premises, (5) grant any license, concession, or other right of occupancy of any portion of the Premises, or (6) permit
the use of the Premises by any parties other than Tenant (any of the events listed in Section 10(a)(1) through 10(a)(6) being a Transfer ). 

 (b) 
 Consent Standards. Landlord shall not unreasonably withhold its consent to any assignment or subletting of the Premises,
provided that the proposed transferee (1) is creditworthy, (2) will use the Premises for the Permitted Use (thus, excluding,
without limitation, uses for credit processing and telemarketing) and will not use the Premises in any manner that would conflict with
any exclusive use agreement or other similar agreement entered into by Landlord with any other tenant of the Building, (3) will not
use the Premises, Building or Project in a manner that would materially increase the pedestrian or vehicular traffic to the Premises,
Building or Project, (4) is not a governmental entity, or subdivision or agency thereof, (5) is not another occupant of the
Building, and (6) is not a person or entity with whom Landlord is then, or has been within the six-month period prior to the time
Tenant seeks to enter into such assignment or subletting, negotiating to lease space in the Building or any Affiliate of any such person
or entity; otherwise, Landlord may withhold its consent in its sole discretion. Additionally, Landlord may withhold its consent in its
sole discretion to any proposed Transfer if any Event of Default by Tenant then exists. 

 (c) 
 Request for Consent. If Tenant requests Landlord s consent to a Transfer, then, at least 30 business days prior
to the effective date of the proposed Transfer, Tenant shall provide Landlord with a written description of all terms and conditions of
the proposed Transfer, copies of the proposed documentation, and the following information about the proposed transferee: name and address;
reasonably satisfactory information about its business and business history; its proposed use of the Premises; banking, financial, and
other credit information; and general references sufficient to enable Landlord to determine the proposed transferee s creditworthiness
and character. Concurrently with Tenant s notice of any request for consent to a Transfer, Tenant shall pay to Landlord a fee of
 1,000 to defray Landlord s expenses in reviewing such request, and Tenant shall also reimburse Landlord immediately upon request
for its reasonable attorneys fees incurred in connection with considering any request for consent to a Transfer. 

14 

(d) 
 Conditions to Consent. If Landlord consents to a proposed Transfer, then the proposed transferee shall deliver to Landlord
a written agreement whereby it expressly assumes Tenant s obligations hereunder; however, any transferee of less than all of the
space in the Premises shall be liable only for obligations under this Lease that are properly allocable to the space subject to the Transfer
for the period of the Transfer. No Transfer shall release Tenant from its obligations under this Lease, but rather Tenant and its transferee
shall be jointly and severally liable therefor. Landlord s consent to any Transfer shall not waive Landlord s rights as to
any subsequent Transfers. If an Event of Default occurs while the Premises or any part thereof are subject to a Transfer, then Landlord,
in addition to its other remedies, may collect directly from such transferee all rents becoming due to Tenant and apply such rents against
Rent. Tenant authorizes its transferees to make payments of rent directly to Landlord upon receipt of notice from Landlord to do so following
the occurrence of an Event of Default hereunder. Tenant shall pay for the cost of any demising walls or other improvements necessitated
by a proposed subletting or assignment. 

 (e) 
 Attornment by Subtenants Each sublease by Tenant hereunder shall be subject and subordinate to this Lease and to the
matters to which this Lease is or shall be subordinate, and each subtenant by entering into a sublease is deemed to have agreed that in
the event of termination, re-entry or dispossession by Landlord under this Lease, Landlord may, at its option, take over all of the right,
title and interest of Tenant, as sublandlord, under such sublease, and such subtenant shall, at Landlord s option, attorn to Landlord
pursuant to the then executory provisions of such sublease, except that Landlord shall not be (1) liable for any previous act or
omission of Tenant under such sublease, (2) subject to any counterclaim, offset or defense that such subtenant might have against
Tenant, (3) bound by any previous modification of such sublease not approved by Landlord in writing or by any rent or additional
rent or advance rent which such subtenant might have paid for more than the current month to Tenant, and all such rent shall remain due
and owing, notwithstanding such advance payment, (4) bound by any security or advance rental deposit made by such subtenant which
is not delivered or paid over to Landlord and with respect to which such subtenant shall look solely to Tenant for refund or reimbursement,
or (5) obligated to perform any work in the subleased space or to prepare it for occupancy, and in connection with such attornment,
the subtenant shall execute and deliver to Landlord any instruments Landlord may reasonably request to evidence and confirm such attornment.
Each subtenant or licensee of Tenant shall be deemed, automatically upon and as a condition of its occupying or using the Premises or
any part thereof, to have agreed to be bound by the terms and conditions set forth in this Section 10(e). The provisions of this
Section 10(e) shall be self-operative, and no further instrument shall be required to give effect to this provision. 

 (f) 
 Cancellation. Landlord may, within 30 days after submission of Tenant s written request for Landlord s consent
to an assignment or subletting, cancel this Lease as to the portion of the Premises proposed to be sublet or assigned as of the date the
proposed Transfer is to be effective. If Landlord cancels this Lease as to any portion of the Premises, then this Lease shall cease for
such portion of the Premises and Tenant shall pay to Landlord all Rent accrued through the cancellation date relating to the portion of
the Premises covered by the proposed Transfer. Thereafter, Landlord may lease such portion of the Premises to the prospective transferee
(or to any other person) without liability to Tenant. 

 (g) 
 Additional Compensation. While no Event of Default exists, Tenant shall pay to Landlord, immediately upon receipt thereof,
fifty percent (50 of the excess of (1) all compensation received by Tenant for a Transfer over (2) the Rent allocable to the
portion of the Premises covered thereby. While an Event of Default exists, Tenant shall pay to Landlord, immediately upon receipt thereof,
one hundred percent (100 of the excess of (A) all compensation received by Tenant for a Transfer over (B) the Rent allocable
to the portion of the Premises covered thereby. 

 (h) 
 Permitted Transfers. Notwithstanding Section 10(a), Tenant may Transfer all or part of its interest in this Lease
or all or part of the Premises (a Permitted Transfer to the following types of entities (a Permitted
Transferee without the written consent of Landlord: 

 (1) 
 an Affiliate of Tenant; provided that for the purposes of this Section 10(h)(i) only, the term Affiliate shall
include a corporation that Tenant or Tenant's corporate parent owns in excess of 25 of the outstanding capital stock. 

15 

(2) 
 any corporation, limited partnership, limited liability partnership, limited liability company or other business entity in which
or with which Tenant, or its corporate successors or assigns, or Tenant's corporate parent, or its corporate successors or assigns, is
merged or consolidated, in accordance with applicable statutory provisions governing merger and consolidation of business entities, so
long as (A) Tenant's obligations hereunder are assumed by the entity surviving such merger or created by such consolidation; and
(B) the Tangible Net Worth of the surviving or created entity is not less than the Tangible Net Worth of Tenant as of the date hereof;
or 

 (3) 
 any corporation, limited partnership, limited liability partnership, limited liability company or other business entity acquiring
all or substantially all of Tenant s assets if such entity s Tangible Net Worth after such acquisition is not less than the
Tangible Net Worth of Tenant as of the date hereof. 

 Tenant shall promptly notify Landlord of any
such Permitted Transfer. Tenant shall remain liable for the performance of all of the obligations of Tenant hereunder, or if Tenant no
longer exists because of a merger, consolidation, or acquisition, the surviving or acquiring entity shall expressly assume in writing
the obligations of Tenant hereunder. Additionally, the Permitted Transferee shall comply with all of the terms and conditions of this
Lease, including the Permitted Use, and the use of the Premises by the Permitted Transferee may not violate any other agreements affecting
the Premises, the Building, Landlord or other tenants of the Building. No later than 30 days after the effective date of any Permitted
Transfer, Tenant agrees to furnish Landlord with (A) copies of the instrument effecting any of the foregoing Transfers, (B) documentation
establishing Tenant s satisfaction of the requirements set forth above applicable to any such Transfer, and (C) evidence of
insurance as required under this Lease with respect to the Permitted Transferee. The occurrence of a Permitted Transfer shall not waive
Landlord s rights as to any subsequent Transfers. Tangible Net Worth means the excess of total assets
over total liabilities, in each case as determined in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles consistently applied GAAP ),
excluding, however, from the determination of total assets all assets which would be classified as intangible assets under GAAP including
goodwill, licenses, patents, trademarks, trade names, copyrights, and franchises. Any subsequent Transfer by a Permitted Transferee shall
be subject to the terms of this Section 10. 

 11. 
 Insurance; Waivers; Subrogation; Indemnity. 

 (a) 
 Tenant s Insurance. (1) General Liability Insurance. Tenant shall, at all times during the Term, at its sole cost
and expense, procure and maintain in full force and effect a policy or policies of commercial general liability insurance coverage assuring
against loss, damage or liability for injury or death to persons and loss or damage to property occurring from any cause whatsoever in
connection with the Premises or Tenant s use thereof. If the use and occupancy of the Premises include any activity or matter that
is or may be excluded from coverage under a commercial general liability policy (e.g., the sale, service, or consumption of alcoholic
beverages), Tenant shall obtain such endorsements to the commercial general liability policy or otherwise obtain insurance to insure all
liability arising from such activity or matter in such amounts as Landlord may reasonably require). Such insurance policy shall not have
a deductible in excess of Ten Thousand Dollars 10,000.00). Such insurance shall also cover and include all signs maintained by Tenant
hereunder. Tenant shall also cover contractual liability insurance that is sufficient to cover Tenant s indemnity obligations hereunder
if such contractual liability insurance is not already included in Tenant s commercial general liability insurance policy. 

 (2) 
 Property Insurance .Tenant shall, at all times during the Term, at its sole cost and expense, procure and maintain in full
force and effect property insurance on a special form or all risks policy form covering not less than one hundred percent
(100 of the current replacement value of Tenants alterations, improvements and betterments in the Premises, including without limitation,
all furniture, fixtures, and personal property therein and business interruption insurance. Such insurance shall also cover and include
all exterior signs maintained by Tenant hereunder and shall include coverage for plate glass 

 (3) 
 Worker s Compensation and Employer s Liability . Tenant shall, at its sole cost and expense, at all times
during the Term, procure and maintain in full force and effect worker s compensation and employer s liability insurance in
amounts not less than the statutory requirements as outlined by the State of Nevada s Business Industry and NRS Chapters 616A
and 616D, as may be amended from time to time. 

16 

(4) 
 Automobile Insurance . Tenant, at its sole cost and expense, shall, at all times during the Term, procure and maintain
in full force and effect, automobile insurance in a commercially reasonable amount covering all automobiles owned by Tenant. Tenant s
commercial general liability insurance policy required by Section 11(a)1 above, shall include an endorsement for automobiles that are
not owned by Tenant, but that are used in carrying out Tenant s business. 

 Minimum Insurance Limits: 

Commercial General Liability: 
 1,000,000 
 Each Occurrence 
 
 Occurrence Form Only 
 2,000,000 
 Aggregate (Per Project) 

2,000,000 
 Products / Completed Operations 

1,000,000 
 
 Advertising and Personal Injury 

Auto Liability: 
 1,000,000 
 
 Combined Single Limit Any Auto or Hired and Non-Owned Autos 

Workers Compensation: 
 1,000,000 
 
 Employers Liability Limits Statutory Coverage State of Hire 

Excess/Umbrella Liability 
 1,000,000 
 
 Each Occurrence/Aggregate 
 Excess over Commercial 
 General Liability, Automobile Liability Employers Liability 

The following Endorsements must be referenced on all Certificates
of Insurance and copies of the endorsements must be attached: 

 General Liability : 

Additional Insured CG2011 01/96 or its equivalent 

Primary and Non-Contributory Wording 

Waiver of Subrogation 

Automobile Liability : 

Additional Insured 

Primary and Non-Contributory Wording 

Waiver of Subrogation 

Workers Compensation : 

Waiver of Subrogation 

 Excess/Umbrella Liability : 

Additional Insured 

Primary and Non-Contributory Wording 

Waiver of Subrogation 

All policies must be endorsed to provide 30 days notice of
cancellation, except 10 days for non-payment of premium 

 The minimum insurance limits are the limits
carried by the tenant or the minimum insurance limits contained in the lease, whichever is greater. 

17 

Additional Insured: 

 ANC Corporate Center Paseo Verde,
LLC and any and all of their respective parents, members, partners, subsidiaries, affiliates, employees, agents, officers and representatives,
together with owner and any mortgagee from time to time of Owner s interest, must be named as an additional insured, as their interests
may appear. 

Certificate Holder: 

 ANC Corporate Center Paseo Verde,
LLC 

 c/o JMA Ventures, LLC 

 460 Bush Street 

 San Francisco, CA 94108 

(5) 
 Certificate of Insurance . A certificate providing evidence of insurance coverage maintained by Tenant hereunder shall be
delivered to Landlord and all other additional insureds on or before the Commencement Date hereof and thereafter, as to policy renewals,
within ten (10) days following any renewal of such policies. Any proposed diminution in the perils insured against, or reduction
of the amount of coverage of the particular policy in question, initiated by either the insurer, or by the Tenant shall require not less
than thirty (30) days prior written notice to Landlord. All such insurance policies shall be issued by insurance carriers
having an A.M. Best rating of at least A-/VIII or higher who are authorized to transact business in the State of Nevada. All deductibles
and self-insured retentions must be shown on the Certificate of Insurance. If Tenant fails to comply with the foregoing insurance requirements
or to deliver to Landlord the certificates or evidence of coverage required herein, Landlord, in addition to any other remedy available
pursuant to this Lease or otherwise, may, but shall not be obligated to, obtain such insurance, and Tenant shall pay to Landlord on demand
the premium costs thereof, plus an administrative fee of fifteen percent (15 of such cost. 

 (6) 
 Prohibited Sales or Activity . Tenant shall not use, occupy or permit the Premises to be used or occupied, in a manner which
will make void or voidable any insurance then in force with respect thereto or the Project, or which will make it impossible to obtain
casualty or other insurance with respect to the Project. Tenant agrees that it will not keep, use, sell or offer for sale in or upon the
Premises or any section thereof, any item, or permit any activity, which may be prohibited by the standard form of casualty or public
liability insurance policy. Tenant agrees to pay any increase in premiums for insurance which may be carried by Landlord on the Premises
or the Building of which it is a part, resulting from the use or activities in the Premises, whether or not Landlord has consented to
the same. In determining whether increased premiums are the result of Tenant s use of the Premises, a schedule, issued by the organization
making the insurance rate on the Premises, showing various components of such rate, shall be conclusive evidence of the several items
and charges which make up the respective insurance rate on the Premises. 

 Prohibited Use Deemed
Ultra Hazardous . Tenant shall not use or occupy the Premises or any part thereof, or suffer or permit the same to be used or occupied
for any business or purpose deemed ultra hazardous on account of fire or otherwise. In the event Tenant s use and/or occupancy causes
any increase of premium for insurance on the Premises, the Building, the Project, or any part of any of them above the rate for the least
hazardous type of occupancy legally permitted in the Premises, Tenant shall pay such additional premium on the insurance policy that may
be carried by Landlord for its protection. Bills for such additional premiums shall be rendered by Landlord to Tenant at such time as
Landlord may elect, and shall be due from and payable by Tenant within twenty (20) days following delivery of such additional premiums
by Landlord, but such increase in the rate of insurance shall not be deemed a default under this Lease. Failure to pay amounts due hereunder
shall be a breach of this Lease. 

 (b) 
 Landlord s Insurance. Throughout the Term of this Lease, Landlord shall maintain, as a minimum, the following
insurance policies: (1) property insurance for the Building s replacement value (excluding property required to be insured
by Tenant), less a commercially-reasonable deductible if Landlord so chooses, and (2) commercial general liability insurance in an
amount of not less than 3,000,000 (including excess/umbrella coverage). Landlord may, but is not obligated to, maintain such other insurance
and additional coverages as it may deem necessary. The cost of all insurance carried by Landlord with respect to the Project shall be
included in Operating Costs. The foregoing insurance policies and any other insurance carried by Landlord shall be for the sole benefit
of Landlord and under Landlord s sole control, and Tenant shall have no right or claim to any proceeds thereof or any other rights
thereunder. 

18 

(c) 
 No Subrogation; Waiver of Property Claims. Landlord and Tenant each waives any claim it might have against the other
for any damage to or theft, destruction, loss, or loss of use of any property, to the extent the same is insured against under any insurance
policy of the types described in this Section 11 that covers the Project, the Premises, Landlord s or Tenant s fixtures,
personal property, leasehold improvements, or business, or is required to be insured against under the terms hereof, regardless of
whether the negligence of the other party caused such Loss (defined below) . Additionally, Tenant waives any claim it may have against
Landlord for any Loss to the extent such Loss is caused by a terrorist act. Each party shall cause its insurance carrier to endorse all
applicable policies waiving the carrier s rights of recovery under subrogation or otherwise against the other party. Notwithstanding
any provision in this Lease to the contrary, Landlord, its agents, employees and contractors shall not be liable to Tenant or to any party
claiming by, through or under Tenant for (and Tenant hereby releases Landlord and its servants, agents, contractors, employees and invitees
from any claim or responsibility for) any damage to or destruction, loss, or loss of use, or theft of any property of any Tenant Party
located in or about the Project, caused by casualty, theft, fire, third parties or any other matter or cause, regardless of whether the
negligence of any party caused such loss in whole or in part. Tenant acknowledges that Landlord shall not carry insurance on, and shall
not be responsible for damage to, any property of any Tenant Party located in or about the Project. 

 (d) 
 Indemnity Subject to Section 11(c), Tenant shall defend, indemnify, and hold harmless Landlord and its representatives
and agents from and against all claims, demands, liabilities, causes of action, suits, judgments, damages, and expenses (including reasonable
attorneys fees) arising from any injury to or death of any person or the damage to or theft, destruction, loss, or loss of use
of, any property or inconvenience (a Loss (1) occurring in or on the Project (other than within the
Premises) to the extent caused by the negligence or willful misconduct of any Tenant Party, (2) occurring in the Premises, or (3) arising
out of the installation, operation, maintenance, repair or removal of any property of any Tenant Party located in or about the Project,
including Tenant s Off-Premises Equipment . Subject to Section 11(c), Landlord shall defend,
indemnify, and hold harmless Tenant and its agents from and against all claims, demands, liabilities, causes of action, suits, judgments,
damages, and expenses (including reasonable attorneys fees) for any Loss arising from any occurrence in or on the Building s
common areas and Premises to the extent caused by the negligence or willful misconduct of Landlord or its agents. The indemnities set
forth in this Lease shall survive termination or expiration of this Lease and shall not terminate or be waived, diminished or affected
in any manner by any abatement or apportionment of Rent under any provision of this Lease. If any proceeding is filed for which indemnity
is required hereunder, the indemnifying party agrees, upon request therefor, to defend the indemnified party in such proceeding at its
sole cost utilizing counsel satisfactory to the indemnified party. 

 12. 
 Subordination; Attornment; Notice to Landlord s Mortgagee. 

 (a) 
 Subordination . This Lease shall be subordinate to any deed of trust, mortgage, or other security instrument (each, a
 Mortgage ), or any ground lease, master lease, or primary lease (each, a Primary Lease ),
that now or hereafter covers all or any part of the Premises (the mortgagee under any such Mortgage, beneficiary under any such deed of
trust, or the lessor under any such Primary Lease is referred to herein as a Landlord s Mortgagee ).
Any Landlord s Mortgagee may elect, at any time, unilaterally, to make this Lease superior to its Mortgage, Primary Lease, or other
interest in the Premises by so notifying Tenant in writing. The provisions of this Section shall be self-operative and no further instrument
of subordination shall be required; however, in confirmation of such subordination, Tenant shall execute and return to Landlord (or such
other party designated by Landlord) within ten days after written request therefor such documentation, in recordable form if required,
as a Landlord s Mortgagee may reasonably request to evidence the subordination of this Lease to such Landlord s Mortgagee s
Mortgage or Primary Lease (including a subordination, non-disturbance and attornment agreement) or, if the Landlord s Mortgagee
so elects, the subordination of such Landlord s Mortgagee s Mortgage or Primary Lease to this Lease. 

 (b) 
 Attornment . Tenant shall attorn to any party succeeding to Landlord s interest in the Premises, whether by purchase,
foreclosure, deed in lieu of foreclosure, power of sale, termination of lease, or otherwise, upon such party s request, and shall
execute such agreements confirming such attornment as such party may reasonably request. 

19 

(c) 
 Notice to Landlord s Mortgagee . Tenant shall not seek to enforce any remedy it may have for any default on the
part of Landlord without first giving written notice by certified mail, return receipt requested, specifying the default in reasonable
detail, to any Landlord s Mortgagee whose address has been given to Tenant, and affording such Landlord s Mortgagee a reasonable
opportunity to perform Landlord s obligations hereunder. 

 (d) 
 Landlord s Mortgagee s Protection Provisions. If Landlord s Mortgagee shall succeed to the interest
of Landlord under this Lease, Landlord s Mortgagee shall not be: (1) liable for any act or omission of any prior lessor (including
Landlord); (2) bound by any rent or additional rent or advance rent which Tenant might have paid for more than the current month
to any prior lessor (including Landlord), and all such rent shall remain due and owing, notwithstanding such advance payment; (3) bound
by any security or advance rental deposit made by Tenant which is not delivered or paid over to Landlord s Mortgagee and with respect
to which Tenant shall look solely to Landlord for refund or reimbursement; (4) bound by any termination, amendment or modification
of this Lease made without Landlord s Mortgagee s consent and written approval, except for those terminations, amendments
and modifications permitted to be made by Landlord without Landlord s Mortgagee s consent pursuant to the terms of the loan
documents between Landlord and Landlord s Mortgagee; (5) subject to the defenses which Tenant might have against any prior
lessor (including Landlord); and (6) subject to the offsets which Tenant might have against any prior lessor (including Landlord)
except for those offset rights which (A) are expressly provided in this Lease, (B) relate to periods of time following the acquisition
of the Building by Landlord s Mortgagee, and (C) Tenant has provided written notice to Landlord s Mortgagee and provided
Landlord s Mortgagee a reasonable opportunity to cure the event giving rise to such offset event. Landlord s Mortgagee shall
have no liability or responsibility under or pursuant to the terms of this Lease or otherwise after it ceases to own an interest in the
Project. Nothing in this Lease shall be construed to require Landlord s Mortgagee to see to the application of the proceeds of any
loan, and Tenant s agreements set forth herein shall not be impaired on account of any modification of the documents evidencing
and securing any loan. 

 13. 
 Rules and Regulations. Tenant shall comply with the rules and regulations of the Project which are attached hereto as
 Exhibit C . Landlord may, from time to time, change such rules and regulations for the safety, care, or cleanliness of the
Project and related facilities, provided that such changes are applicable to all tenants of the Project, will not unreasonably interfere
with Tenant s use of the Premises and are enforced by Landlord in a non-discriminatory manner. Tenant shall be responsible for the
compliance with such rules and regulations by each Tenant Party. 

 14. 
 Condemnation. 

 (a) 
 Total Taking . If the entire Building or Premises are taken by right of eminent domain or conveyed in lieu thereof (a
 Taking ), this Lease shall terminate as of the date of the Taking. 

 (b) 
 Partial Taking - Tenant s Rights . If any part of the Building becomes subject to a Taking and such Taking will
prevent Tenant from conducting on a permanent basis (permanent basis shall be defined in this Section 14 as forty (40) days) its business
in the Premises in a manner reasonably comparable to that conducted immediately before such Taking, then Tenant may terminate this Lease
as of the date of such Taking by giving written notice to Landlord within 30 days after the Taking, and Base Rent and additional rent
shall be apportioned as of the date of such Taking. If Tenant does not terminate this Lease, then Rent shall be abated on a reasonable
basis as to that portion of the Premises rendered untenantable by the Taking. 

 (c) 
 Partial Taking - Landlord s Rights . If any material portion, but less than all, of the Building becomes subject
to a Taking, or if Landlord is required to pay any of the proceeds arising from a Taking to a Landlord s Mortgagee, then Landlord
may terminate this Lease by delivering written notice thereof to Tenant within 30 days after such Taking, and Base Rent and additional
rent shall be apportioned as of the date of such Taking. If Landlord does not so terminate this Lease, then this Lease will continue,
but if any portion of the Premises has been taken, Rent shall abate as provided in the last sentence of Section 14(b). Tenant waives
any and all rights it might otherwise have pursuant to Nevada Revised Statutes NRS Section 37.115. 

 (d) 
 Temporary Taking . If all or any portion of the Premises becomes subject to a Taking for a limited period of time, this
Lease shall remain in full force and effect and Tenant shall continue to perform all of the terms, conditions and covenants of this Lease,
including the payment of Base Rent and all other amounts required hereunder. If any such temporary Taking terminates prior to the expiration
of the Term, Tenant shall restore the Premises as nearly as possible to the condition prior to such temporary Taking, at Tenant s
sole cost and expense. Landlord shall be entitled to receive the entire award for any such temporary Taking, except that Tenant shall
be entitled to receive the portion of such award which (1) compensates Tenant for its loss of use of the Premises within the Term
and (2) reimburses Tenant for the reasonable out-of-pocket costs actually incurred by Tenant to restore the Premises as required
by this Section. 

20 

(e) 
 Award . If any Taking occurs, then Landlord shall receive the entire award or other compensation for the Land, the Building,
and other improvements taken; however, Tenant may separately pursue a claim (to the extent it will not reduce Landlord s award)
against the condemnor for the value of Tenant s personal property which Tenant is entitled to remove under this Lease, moving costs
and loss of business. 

 15. 
 Fire or Other Casualty. 

 (a) 
 Repair Estimate . If the Premises or the Building are damaged by fire or other casualty (a Casualty ),
Landlord shall, within 90 days after such Casualty, deliver to Tenant a good faith estimate (the Damage Notice of the time needed to repair the damage caused by such Casualty. 

 (b) 
 Tenant s Rights . If a material portion of the Premises is damaged by Casualty such that Tenant is prevented from
conducting its business in the Premises in a manner reasonably comparable to that conducted immediately before such Casualty and Landlord
estimates that the damage caused thereby cannot be repaired within 210 days after the commencement of repairs (the Repair
Period ), then Tenant may terminate this Lease by delivering written notice to Landlord of its election to terminate within
thirty (30) days after the Damage Notice has been delivered to Tenant. 

 (c) 
 Landlord s Rights . If a Casualty damages the Premises or a material portion of the Building and (1) Landlord
estimates that the damage to the Premises cannot be repaired within the Repair Period, (2) the damage to the Premises exceeds 50 
of the replacement cost thereof (excluding foundations and footings), as estimated by Landlord, and such damage occurs during the last
two years of the Term, (3) regardless of the extent of damage to the Premises, the damage is not fully covered by Landlord s
insurance policies or Landlord makes a good faith determination that restoring the Building would be uneconomical, or (4) Landlord
is required to pay any insurance proceeds arising out of the Casualty to a Landlord s Mortgagee, then Landlord may terminate this
Lease by giving written notice of its election to terminate within 30 days after the Damage Notice has been delivered to Tenant. 

 (d) 
 Repair Obligation . If neither party elects to terminate this Lease following a Casualty, then Landlord shall, within
a reasonable time after such Casualty, begin to repair the Premises and shall proceed with reasonable diligence to restore the Premises
to substantially the same condition as they existed immediately before such Casualty; however, Landlord shall not be required to repair
or replace any alterations or betterments within the Premises (which shall be promptly and with due diligence repaired and restored by
Tenant at Tenant s sole cost and expense) or any furniture, equipment, trade fixtures or personal property of Tenant or others in
the Premises or the Building, and Landlord s obligation to repair or restore the Premises shall be limited to the extent of the
insurance proceeds actually received by Landlord for the Casualty in question. If this Lease is terminated under the provisions of this
Section 15, Landlord shall be entitled to the full proceeds of the insurance policies providing coverage for all alterations, improvements
and betterments in the Premises, unless such alterations, improvements and betterments in the Premises were paid for by Tenant and not
reimbursed by Landlord (and, if Tenant has failed to maintain insurance on such items as required by this Lease, Tenant shall pay Landlord
an amount equal to the proceeds Landlord would have received had Tenant maintained insurance on such items as required by this Lease). 

 (e) 
 Waiver of Statutory Provisions . The provisions of this Lease, including this Section 15, constitute an express
agreement between Landlord and Tenant with respect to any and all damage to, or destruction of, all or any part of the Premises or the
Building and any statute or regulation of the State of Nevada with respect to any rights or obligations concerning damage or destruction
in the absence of an express agreement between the parties, and any other statute or regulation, now or hereafter in effect, shall have
no application to this Lease or any damage or destruction to all or any part of the Premises or the Building. 

 (f) 
 Abatement of Rent . If the Premises are damaged by Casualty, Rent for the portion of the Premises rendered untenantable
by the damage shall be abated on a reasonable basis from the date of damage until the completion of Landlord s repairs (or until
the date of termination of this Lease by Landlord or Tenant as provided above, as the case may be), unless a Tenant Party caused such
damage, in which case, Tenant shall continue to pay Rent without abatement. 

21 

16. 
 Personal Property Taxes. Tenant shall be liable for all taxes levied or assessed against personal property, furniture,
or fixtures placed by Tenant in the Premises or in or on the Building or Project. If any taxes for which Tenant is liable are levied or
assessed against Landlord or Landlord s property and Landlord elects to pay the same, or if the assessed value of Landlord s
property is increased by inclusion of such personal property, furniture or fixtures and Landlord elects to pay the taxes based on such
increase, then Tenant shall pay to Landlord, within 30 days following written request therefor, the part of such taxes for which Tenant
is primarily liable hereunder; however, Landlord shall not pay such amount if Tenant notifies Landlord that it will contest the validity
or amount of such taxes before Landlord makes such payment, and thereafter diligently proceeds with such contest in accordance with Law
and if the non-payment thereof does not pose a threat of loss or seizure of the Project or interest of Landlord therein or impose any
fee or penalty against Landlord. 

 17. 
 Events of Default. Each of the following occurrences shall be an Event of Default : 

 (a) 
 Payment Default . Tenant s failure to pay Rent within five days after Landlord has delivered written notice to
Tenant that the same is due (any such notice shall be in lieu of, and not in addition to, any notice required under NRS Section 40.253
or any similar or successor law); however, an Event of Default shall occur hereunder without any obligation of Landlord to give any notice
if Tenant fails to pay Rent when due and, during the 12 month interval preceding such failure, Landlord has given Tenant written notice
of failure to pay Rent on two or more occasions; 

 (b) 
 Abandonment . Tenant (1) abandons or vacates the Premises or any substantial portion thereof or (2) fails to
continuously operate its business in the Premises; 

 (c) 
 Estoppel . Tenant fails to provide any estoppel certificate after Landlord s written request therefor pursuant
to Section 25(e) and such failure shall continue for five (5) business days after Landlord s second written notice thereof
to Tenant; 

 (d) 
 Insurance . Tenant fails to procure, maintain and deliver to Landlord evidence of the insurance policies and coverages
as required under Section 11(a); 

 (e) 
 Mechanic s Liens . Tenant fails to pay and release of record, or diligently contest and bond around, any mechanic s
lien filed against the Premises or the Project for any work performed, materials furnished, or obligation incurred by or at the request
of Tenant, within the time and in the manner required by Section 8(d); 

 (f) 
 Other Defaults . Tenant s failure to perform, comply with, or observe any other agreement or obligation of Tenant
under this Lease and the continuance of such failure for a period of more than 30 days after Landlord has delivered to Tenant written
notice thereof (any such notice shall be in lieu of, and not in addition to, any notice required under NRS Sections 40.251 to 40.260
or any similar or successor law). However, if Tenant s failure to comply cannot reasonably be cured within 30 days, Tenant shall
be allowed additional time (not to exceed an additional 30 days) as is reasonably necessary to cure the failure so long as: (1) Tenant
commences to cure the failure within the 10 day period following Landlord s initial written notice, and (2) Tenant diligently pursues
a course of action that will cure the failure and bring Tenant back into compliance with this Lease. 

 (g) 
 Insolvency . The filing of a petition by or against Tenant (the term Tenant shall include, for the purpose
of this Section 17(g), any guarantor of Tenant s obligations hereunder) (1) in any bankruptcy or other insolvency proceeding;
(2) seeking any relief under any state or federal debtor relief law; (3) for the appointment of a liquidator or receiver for
all or substantially all of Tenant s property or for Tenant s interest in this Lease; (4) for the reorganization or modification
of Tenant s capital structure; or (5) in any assignment for the benefit of creditors proceeding; however, if such a petition
is filed against Tenant, then such filing shall not be an Event of Default unless Tenant fails to have the proceedings initiated by such
petition dismissed within 90 days after the filing thereof. 

22 

18. 
 Remedies. Upon any Event of Default, Landlord may, in addition to all other rights and remedies afforded Landlord hereunder
or by law or equity, take any one or more of the following actions, each and all of which shall be cumulative and non-exclusive, without
notice or demand whatsoever: 

 (a) 
 Termination of Lease . Terminate this Lease, in which event Tenant shall immediately surrender the Premises to Landlord,
and if Tenant fails to do so, Landlord may, without prejudice to any other remedy which it may have for possession or arrearages in rent,
enter upon and take possession of the Premises and expel or remove Tenant and any other person who may be occupying the Premises or any
part thereof, without being liable for prosecution or any claim or damages therefor; and Landlord may recover from Tenant the following: 

 (1) 
 The worth at the time of award of any unpaid rent which has been earned at the time of such termination; plus 

 (2) 
 The worth at the time of award of the amount by which the unpaid rent which would have been earned after termination until the
time of award exceeds the amount of such rental loss that Tenant proves could have been reasonably avoided; plus 

 (3) 
 The worth at the time of award of the amount by which the unpaid rent for the balance of the Term after the time of award exceeds
the amount of such rental loss that Tenant proves could have been reasonably avoided; plus 

 (4) 
 Any other amount necessary to compensate Landlord for all the detriment proximately caused by Tenant s failure to perform
its obligations under this Lease or which in the ordinary course of things would be likely to result therefrom, specifically including
but not limited to, brokerage commissions and advertising expenses incurred, expenses of remodeling the Premises or any portion thereof
for a new tenant, whether for the same or a different use, and any special concessions made to obtain a new tenant; and 

 (5) 
 At Landlord s election, such other amounts in addition to or in lieu of the foregoing as may be permitted from time to time
by applicable law. 

 The term rent 
as used in this Section 18(a) shall be deemed to be and to mean all sums of every nature required to be paid by Tenant pursuant to
the terms of this Lease, whether to Landlord or to others. As used in Sections 18(a)(1) and 18(a)(2) above, the worth at the
time of award shall be computed by allowing interest at the Interest Rate set forth in Section 5 of this Lease, but in no
case greater than the maximum amount of such interest permitted by Law. As used in Section 18(a)(3) above, the worth at the
time of award shall be computed by discounting such amount at the discount rate of the Federal Reserve Bank of San Francisco at
the time of award plus one percent (1 ). 

 (b) 
 Enforcement of Lease . If Landlord does not elect to terminate this Lease on account of any Event of Default by
Tenant, Landlord may, from time to time, without terminating this Lease, enforce all of its rights and remedies under this Lease,
including the right to recover all Rent as it becomes due. After the occurrence of an Event of Default, Landlord may re-enter the
Premises without terminating this Lease and sublet all or any part of the Premises for Tenant's account to any person, for such term
(which may be a period shorter than or beyond the remaining Term of this Lease), at such rents and on such other terms and conditions
as Landlord reasonably deems advisable. Pursuant to said rights of re-entry, Landlord may remove all persons from the Premises and
may, but shall not be obligated to, remove all property therefrom, and may, but shall not be obligated to, enforce any rights Landlord
may have against said property or store the same in any public or private warehouse or elsewhere at the cost and for the account
of Tenant or the owner or owners thereof. Tenant agrees to hold Landlord free and harmless of any liability whatsoever for the
removal and/or storage of any such property, whether of Tenant or any third party whomsoever. In the event of any subletting described
above, rents received by Landlord from such subletting shall be applied (i) first, to the payment of the costs of maintaining, preserving,
 altering and preparing the Premises for subletting, the other costs of subletting, including but not limited to brokers' commissions,
attorneys' fees and expenses of removal of Tenant's personal property, trade fixtures and alterations or improvements made by or
on behalf of Tenant to the Premises; (ii) second, to the payment of Rent then due and payable hereunder; (iii) third, to 

23 

the payment of future Rent as the same may become due and payable
hereunder; (iv) fourth, the balance, if any, shall be paid to Tenant upon (but not before) expiration of the Term of this Lease.
If the rents received by Landlord from such subletting, after application as provided above, are insufficient in any month to pay
the Rent due and payable hereunder for such month, Tenant shall pay such deficiency to Landlord monthly upon demand. Landlord
reserves the right to bring such actions for the recovery of any deficits remaining unpaid by Tenant to Landlord hereunder as Landlord
may deem advisable from time to time without being obligated to await the end of the term hereof for a final determination of Tenant s
 account and the commencement or maintenance of one or more actions by Landlord in this connection shall not bar Landlord from
bringing any subsequent actions for further accruals pursuant to the provisions of this Section. Notwithstanding any such subletting
for Tenant's account without termination, Landlord may at any time thereafter, by written notice to Tenant, elect to terminate this
Lease by virtue of a previous Default. 

(c) 
 Sublessees of Tenant . Whether or not Landlord elects to terminate this Lease on account of any default by Tenant, as
set forth in this Section 18, Landlord shall have the right to terminate any and all subleases, licenses, concessions or other consensual
arrangements for possession entered into by Tenant and affecting the Premises or may, in Landlord s sole discretion, succeed to
Tenant s interest in such subleases, licenses, concessions or arrangements. In the event of Landlord s election to succeed
to Tenant s interest in any such subleases, licenses, concessions or arrangements, Tenant shall, as of the date of notice by Landlord
of such election, have no further right to or interest in the rent or other consideration receivable thereunder. 

 (d) 
 Efforts to Relet . For the purposes of this Section 18, Tenant s right to possession shall not be deemed to
have been terminated by efforts of Landlord to relet the Premises, by its acts of maintenance or preservation with respect to the Premises,
or by appointment of a receiver to protect Landlord s interests hereunder. The foregoing enumeration is not exhaustive, but merely
illustrative of acts which may be performed by Landlord without terminating Tenant s right to possession. 

 (e) 
 Suspension of Services . Suspend any services required to be provided by Landlord hereunder without being liable for
any claim for damages therefor. 

 19. 
 Payment by Tenant; Non-Waiver; Cumulative Remedies. 

 (a) 
 Payment by Tenant . Upon any Event of Default, Tenant shall pay to Landlord all costs incurred by Landlord (including
court costs and reasonable attorneys fees and expenses) in (1) obtaining possession of the Premises, (2) removing and
storing Tenant s or any other occupant s property, (3) repairing, restoring, altering, remodeling, or otherwise putting
the Premises into condition acceptable to a new tenant, (4) performing Tenant s obligations which Tenant failed to perform,
and (5) enforcing, or advising Landlord of, its rights, remedies, and recourses arising out of the default. To the full extent permitted
by law, Landlord and Tenant agree the federal and state courts of the state in which the Premises are located shall have exclusive jurisdiction
over any matter relating to or arising from this Lease and the parties rights and obligations under this Lease. 

 (b) 
 No Waiver . Landlord s acceptance of Rent following an Event of Default shall not waive Landlord s rights
regarding such Event of Default. No waiver by Landlord of any violation or breach of any of the terms contained herein shall waive Landlord s
rights regarding any future violation of such term. Landlord s acceptance of any partial payment of Rent shall not waive Landlord s
rights with regard to the remaining portion of the Rent that is due, regardless of any endorsement or other statement on any instrument
delivered in payment of Rent or any writing delivered in connection therewith; accordingly, Landlord s acceptance of a partial payment
of Rent shall not constitute an accord and satisfaction of the full amount of the Rent that is due. 

 (c) 
 Cumulative Remedies . Any and all remedies set forth in this Lease: (1) shall be in addition to any and all other
remedies Landlord may have at law or in equity, (2) shall be cumulative, and (3) may be pursued successively or concurrently
as Landlord may elect. The exercise of any remedy by Landlord shall not be deemed an election of remedies or preclude Landlord from exercising
any other remedies in the future. Additionally, Tenant shall defend, indemnify and hold harmless Landlord, Landlord s Mortgagee
and their respective representatives and agents from and against all claims, demands, liabilities, causes of action, suits, judgments,
damages and expenses (including reasonable attorneys fees) arising from Tenant s failure to perform its obligations under
this Lease. 

24 

(d) 
 Continuing Liability of Tenant . Anything contained herein to the contrary notwithstanding, no act or conduct of Landlord,
including, without limitation, exercise of any rights of re-entry described above, efforts to relet the Premises, an action in unlawful
detainer or service of notice upon Tenant, or surrender of possession by Tenant pursuant to such notice or action, shall extinguish the
liability of Tenant to pay Rent or other sums due hereunder, nor shall any of the foregoing serve to terminate this Lease unless Landlord
notifies Tenant in writing of Landlord's election to terminate this Lease. No act or conduct of Landlord, including the acceptance of
the keys to the Premises, other than a written acknowledgment of acceptance of surrender signed by Landlord, shall be deemed to be or
constitute an acceptance of the surrender of the Premises by Tenant prior to the expiration of the Term. The surrender of this Lease by
Tenant, voluntarily or otherwise, shall, at Landlord's option, operate as an assignment to Landlord of any and all existing subleases,
or Landlord may elect to terminate any or all of such subleases by notifying the sublessees of its election within fifteen (15) days after
such surrender. under this Lease. 

 20. 
 Intentionally Omitted. 

 21. 
 Surrender of Premises. No act by Landlord shall be deemed an acceptance of a surrender of the Premises, and no agreement
to accept a surrender of the Premises shall be valid unless it is in writing and signed by Landlord. At the expiration or termination
of this Lease, Tenant shall deliver to Landlord the Premises with all improvements located therein in good repair and condition, free
of Hazardous Materials placed on the Premises during the Term, broom-clean, reasonable wear and tear (and condemnation and Casualty damage
not caused by Tenant, as to which Sections 14 and 15 shall control) excepted, and shall deliver to Landlord all keys to the Premises.
Provided that Tenant has performed all of its obligations hereunder, Tenant may remove all unattached trade fixtures, furniture, and personal
property placed in the Premises or elsewhere in the Building by Tenant (but Tenant may not remove any such item which was paid for, in
whole or in part, by Landlord or any wiring or cabling unless Landlord requires such removal). Additionally, at Landlord s option,
Tenant shall remove such alterations, additions, improvements, trade fixtures, personal property, equipment, wiring, conduits, cabling,
and furniture (including Tenant s Off-Premises Equipment) as Landlord may request; however, Tenant shall not be required to remove
any addition or improvement to the Premises or the Project if Landlord has specifically agreed in writing that the improvement or addition
in question need not be removed. Tenant shall repair all damage caused by such removal. All items not so removed shall, at Landlord s
option, be deemed to have been abandoned by Tenant and may be appropriated, sold, stored, destroyed, or otherwise disposed of by Landlord
without notice to Tenant and without any obligation to account for such items; any such disposition shall not be considered a strict foreclosure
or other exercise of Landlord s rights in respect of the security interest granted under Section 20. The provisions of this
Section 21 shall survive the end of the Term. 

 22. 
 Holding Over. If Tenant fails to vacate the Premises at the end of the Term, then Tenant shall be a tenant at sufferance
and, in addition to all other damages and remedies to which Landlord may be entitled for such holding over, (a) Tenant shall pay,
in addition to the other Rent, Base Rent equal to 150 of the Rent payable during the last month of the Term. Tenant shall otherwise
continue to be subject to all of Tenant s obligations under this Lease. The provisions of this Section 22 shall not be deemed
to limit or constitute a waiver of any other rights or remedies of Landlord provided herein or at law. If Tenant fails to surrender the
Premises upon the termination or expiration of this Lease, in addition to any other liabilities to Landlord accruing therefrom, Tenant
shall protect, defend, indemnify and hold Landlord harmless from all loss, costs (including reasonable attorneys fees) and liability
resulting from such failure, including any claims made by any succeeding tenant founded upon such failure to surrender, and any lost profits
to Landlord resulting therefrom. 

 23. 
 Certain Rights Reserved by Landlord. Provided that the exercise of such rights does not unreasonably interfere with
Tenant s occupancy of the Premises, Landlord shall have the following rights: 

 (a) 
 Building Operations . To decorate and to make inspections, repairs, alterations, additions, changes, or improvements,
whether structural or otherwise, in and about the Project, or any part thereof; to enter upon the Premises (after giving Tenant reasonable
notice thereof, which may be oral notice, except in cases of real or apparent emergency, in which case no notice shall be required) and,
during the continuance of any such work, to temporarily close doors, entryways, public space, and corridors in the Building; to interrupt
or temporarily suspend Building services and facilities; to change the name of the Building; and to change the arrangement and location
of entrances or passageways, doors, and doorways, corridors, elevators, stairs, restrooms, or other public parts of the Building; 

25 

(b) 
 Security . To take such reasonable measures as Landlord deems advisable for the security of the Building and its occupants;
evacuating the Building for cause, suspected cause, or for drill purposes; temporarily denying access to the Building; and closing the
Building after normal business hours and on Sundays and holidays, subject, however, to Tenant s right to enter when the Building
is closed after normal business hours under such reasonable regulations as Landlord may prescribe from time to time; 

 (c) 
 Prospective Purchasers and Lenders . To enter the Premises at all reasonable hours to show the Premises to prospective
purchasers or lenders; and 

 (d) 
 Prospective Tenants . At any time during the last nine (9) months of the Term (or earlier if Tenant has notified Landlord
in writing that it does not desire to renew the Term) or at any time following the occurrence of an Event of Default, to enter the Premises
at all reasonable hours to show the Premises to prospective tenants. 

 24. 
 Substitution Space. Landlord may, at Landlord s expense, relocate Tenant within the Building to space which is
comparable in size, utility and condition to the Premises. If Landlord relocates Tenant, Landlord shall reimburse Tenant for Tenant s
reasonable out-of-pocket expenses for moving Tenant s furniture, equipment, and supplies from the Premises to the relocation space
and for reprinting Tenant s stationery of the same quality and quantity as Tenant s stationery supply on hand immediately
before Landlord s notice to Tenant of the exercise of this relocation right. Upon such relocation, the relocation space shall be
deemed to be the Premises and the terms of this Lease shall remain in full force and shall apply to the relocation space. No amendment
or other instrument shall be necessary to effectuate the relocation contemplated by this Section; however, if requested by Landlord, Tenant
shall execute an appropriate amendment document within fifteen (15) business days after Landlord s written request therefor. If
Tenant fails to execute such relocation amendment within such time period, or if Tenant fails to relocate within the time period stated
in Landlord s relocation notice to Tenant (or, if such relocation space is not available on the date specified in Landlord s
relocation notice, as soon thereafter as the relocation space becomes available and is tendered to Tenant in the condition required by
this Lease), then Landlord may terminate this Lease by notifying Tenant in writing thereof at least sixty (60) days prior to the termination
date contained in Landlord s termination notice and Tenant shall have no further obligations under this Lease. Time is of the essence
with respect to Tenant s obligations under this Section. 

 25. 
 Miscellaneous. 

 (a) 
 Landlord Transfer . Landlord may transfer any portion of the Project and any of its rights under this Lease. If Landlord
assigns its rights under this Lease, then Landlord shall thereby be released from any further obligations hereunder arising after the
date of transfer, provided that the assignee assumes in writing Landlord s obligations hereunder arising from and after the transfer
date. 

 (b) 
 Landlord s Liability . The liability of Landlord (and its partners, shareholders or members) to Tenant (or any
person or entity claiming by, through or under Tenant) for any default by Landlord under the terms of this Lease or any matter relating
to or arising out of the occupancy or use of the Premises and/or other areas of the Building shall be limited to Tenant s actual
direct, but not consequential, damages therefor and shall be recoverable only from the interest of Landlord in the Building, and Landlord
(and its partners, shareholders or members) shall not be personally liable for any deficiency. 

 (c) 
 Force Majeure . Other than for Tenant s obligations under this Lease that can be performed by the payment of money
(e.g., payment of Rent and maintenance of insurance), whenever a period of time is herein prescribed for action to be taken by either
party hereto, such party shall not be liable or responsible for, and there shall be excluded from the computation of any such period of
time, any delays due to strikes, riots, acts of God, shortages of labor or materials, war, terrorist acts or activities, governmental
laws, regulations, or restrictions, pandemics or any other causes of any kind whatsoever which are beyond the control of such party. 

 (d) 
 Brokerage . Neither Landlord nor Tenant has dealt with any broker or agent in connection with the negotiation or execution
of this Lease, other than CBRE (Brad Peterson), representing Landlord, and Logic Commercial Real Estate (Amelia Henry), representing Tenant,
whose commission shall be paid by Landlord pursuant to a separate written agreement. Tenant and Landlord shall each indemnify the other
against all costs, expenses, attorneys' fees, liens and other liability for commissions or other compensation claimed by any other broker
or agent claiming the same by, through, or under the indemnifying party. 

26 

(e) 
 Estoppel Certificates . From time to time, Tenant shall furnish to any party designated by Landlord, within ten days
after Landlord has made a request therefor, a certificate signed by Tenant confirming and containing such factual certifications and representations
as to this Lease as Landlord may reasonably request. Unless otherwise required by Landlord s Mortgagee or a prospective purchaser
or mortgagee of the Project, the initial form of estoppel certificate to be signed by Tenant is attached hereto as Exhibit F .
If Tenant does not deliver to Landlord the certificate signed by Tenant within such required time period, Landlord, Landlord s Mortgagee
and any prospective purchaser or mortgagee, may conclusively presume and rely upon the following facts: (1) this Lease is in full
force and effect; (2) the terms and provisions of this Lease have not been changed except as otherwise represented by Landlord; (3) not
more than one monthly installment of Base Rent and other charges have been paid in advance; (4) there are no claims against Landlord
nor any defenses or rights of offset against collection of Rent or other charges; and (5) Landlord is not in default under this Lease.
In such event, Tenant shall be estopped from denying the truth of the presumed facts. 

 (f) 
 Notices . All notices and other communications given pursuant to this Lease shall be in writing and shall be (1) mailed
by first class, United States Mail, postage prepaid, certified, with return receipt requested, and addressed to the parties hereto at
the address specified in the Basic Lease Information, (2) hand delivered to the intended addressee, (3) sent by a nationally
recognized overnight courier service, or (4) sent by email during normal business hours followed by a confirmatory letter sent in
another manner permitted hereunder. All notices shall be effective upon delivery to the address of the addressee (even if such addressee
refuses delivery thereof) or upon the next business day if the date of delivery is not a business day (or if an email is sent after 5:00
p.m. Las Vegas time on a business day). The parties hereto may change their addresses by giving notice thereof to the other in conformity
with this provision. 

 (g) 
 Separability . If any clause or provision of this Lease is illegal, invalid, or unenforceable under present or future
laws, then the remainder of this Lease shall not be affected thereby and in lieu of such clause or provision, there shall be added as
a part of this Lease a clause or provision as similar in terms to such illegal, invalid, or unenforceable clause or provision as may be
possible and be legal, valid, and enforceable. 

 (h) 
 Amendments; Binding Effect . This Lease may not be amended except by instrument in writing signed by Landlord and Tenant.
No provision of this Lease shall be deemed to have been waived by Landlord unless such waiver is in writing signed by Landlord, and no
custom or practice which may evolve between the parties in the administration of the terms hereof shall waive or diminish the right of
Landlord to insist upon the performance by Tenant in strict accordance with the terms hereof. The terms and conditions contained in this
Lease shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the parties hereto, and upon their respective successors in interest and legal
representatives, except as otherwise herein expressly provided. This Lease is for the sole benefit of Landlord and Tenant, and, other
than Landlord s Mortgagee, no third party shall be deemed a third party beneficiary hereof. 

 (i) 
 Quiet Enjoyment . Provided Tenant has performed all of its obligations hereunder, Tenant shall peaceably and quietly
hold and enjoy the Premises for the Term, without hindrance from Landlord or any party claiming by, through, or under Landlord, but not
otherwise, subject to the terms and conditions of this Lease. 

 (j) 
 No Merger . There shall be no merger of the leasehold estate hereby created with the fee estate in the Premises or any
part thereof if the same person acquires or holds, directly or indirectly, this Lease or any interest in this Lease and the fee estate
in the leasehold Premises or any interest in such fee estate. 

 (k) 
 No Offer . The submission of this Lease to Tenant shall not be construed as an offer, and Tenant shall not have any rights
under this Lease unless Landlord executes a copy of this Lease and delivers it to Tenant. 

 (l) 
 Entire Agreement . This Lease constitutes the entire agreement between Landlord and Tenant regarding the subject matter
hereof and supersedes all oral statements and prior writings relating thereto. Except for those set forth in this Lease, no representations,
warranties, or agreements have been made by Landlord or Tenant to the other with respect to this Lease or the obligations of Landlord
or Tenant in connection therewith. The normal rule of construction that any ambiguities be resolved against the drafting party shall not
apply to the interpretation of this Lease or any exhibits or amendments hereto. 

27 

(m) 
 Waiver of Jury Trial . TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, LANDLORD AND TENANT EACH WAIVE ANY RIGHT TO TRIAL BY
JURY IN ANY LITIGATION OR TO HAVE A JURY PARTICIPATE IN RESOLVING ANY DISPUTE ARISING OUT OF OR WITH RESPECT TO THIS LEASE OR ANY OTHER
INSTRUMENT, DOCUMENT OR AGREEMENT EXECUTED OR DELIVERED IN CONNECTION HEREWITH OR THE TRANSACTIONS RELATED HERETO . 

 (n) 
 Governing Law . This Lease shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the state in which the Premises
are located. 

 (o) 
 Recording . Tenant shall not record this Lease or any memorandum of this Lease without the prior written consent of Landlord,
which consent may be withheld or denied in the sole and absolute discretion of Landlord, and any recordation by Tenant shall be a material
breach of this Lease. Tenant grants to Landlord a power of attorney to execute and record a release releasing any such recorded instrument
of record that was recorded without the prior written consent of Landlord. 

 (p) 
 Water or Mold Notification . To the extent Tenant or its agents or employees discover any water leakage, water damage
or mold in or about the Premises or Project, Tenant shall promptly notify Landlord thereof in writing. 

 (q) 
 Joint and Several Liability . If Tenant is comprised of more than one party, each such party shall be jointly and severally
liable for Tenant s obligations under this Lease. All unperformed obligations of Tenant hereunder not fully performed at the end
of the Term shall survive the end of the Term, including payment obligations with respect to Rent and all obligations concerning the condition
and repair of the Premises. 

 (r) 
 Financial Reports . Within 15 days after Landlord s request, Tenant will furnish Tenant s most recent audited
financial statements (including any notes to them) to Landlord, or, if no such audited statements have been prepared, such other financial
statements (and notes to them) as may have been prepared by an independent certified public accountant or, failing those, Tenant s
internally prepared financial statement. Tenant will discuss its financial statements with Landlord and, following the occurrence of an
Event of Default hereunder, will give Landlord access to Tenant s books and records in order to enable Landlord to verify the financial
statements. Landlord will not disclose any aspect of Tenant s financial statements that Tenant designates to Landlord as confidential
except (1) to Landlord s Mortgagee or prospective mortgagees or purchasers of the Building, (2) in litigation between
Landlord and Tenant, and/or (3) if required by court order. Tenant shall not be required to deliver the financial statements required
under this Section 25(s) more than once in any 12-month period unless requested by Landlord s Mortgagee or a prospective buyer
or lender of the Building or an Event of Default occurs. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the preceding obligations shall not apply so long
as Tenant is a publicly-traded company. If Tenant is a publicly traded corporation, Tenant may satisfy its obligations hereunder by providing
to Landlord Tenant s most recent annual and quarterly reports. 

 (s) 
 Landlord s Fees . Whenever Tenant requests Landlord to take any action not required of it hereunder or give any
consent required or permitted under this Lease, Tenant will reimburse Landlord for Landlord s reasonable, out-of-pocket costs payable
to third parties and incurred by Landlord in reviewing the proposed action or consent, engineers or architects fees, within
30 days after Landlord s delivery to Tenant of a statement of such costs. Tenant will be obligated to make such reimbursement without
regard to whether Landlord consents to any such proposed action. 

 (t) 
 Attorneys Fees . In the event that either Landlord or Tenant should bring suit for the possession of the Premises,
for the recovery of any sum due under this Lease, or because of the breach of any provision of this Lease or for any other relief against
the other, then all costs and expenses, including reasonable attorneys fees, incurred by the prevailing party therein, shall be
paid by the other party, which obligation on the part of the other party shall be deemed to have accrued on the date of the commencement
of such action and shall be enforceable whether or not the action is prosecuted to judgment. 

28 

(u) 
 Telecommunications . Tenant and its telecommunications companies, including local exchange telecommunications companies
and alternative access vendor services companies, shall have no right of access to and within the Building, for the installation and operation
of telecommunications systems, including voice, video, data, Internet, and any other services provided over wire, fiber optic, microwave,
wireless, and any other transmission systems Telecommunications Services ), for part or all of Tenant s
telecommunications within the Building and from the Building to any other location without Landlord s prior written consent, which
consent shall not be unreasonably withheld. All providers of Telecommunications Services shall be required to comply with the rules and
regulations of the Building, applicable Laws and Landlord s policies and practices for the Building. Tenant acknowledges that Landlord
shall not be required to provide or arrange for any Telecommunications Services and that Landlord shall have no liability to any Tenant
Party in connection with the installation, operation or maintenance of Telecommunications Services or any equipment or facilities relating
thereto. Tenant, at its cost and for its own account, shall be solely responsible for obtaining all Telecommunications Services. 

 (v) 
 Confidentiality . Tenant acknowledges that the terms and conditions of this Lease are to remain confidential for Landlord s
benefit, and may not be disclosed by Tenant to anyone, by any manner or means, directly or indirectly, without Landlord s prior
written consent; however, Tenant may disclose the terms and conditions of this Lease if required by Law, court order or SEC/NASDAQ requirements
and regulations, and to its attorneys, accountants, employees and existing or prospective financial partners provided same are advised
by Tenant of the confidential nature of such terms and conditions and agree to maintain the confidentiality thereof (in each case, prior
to disclosure). Tenant shall be liable for any disclosures made in violation of this Section by Tenant or by any entity or individual
to whom the terms of and conditions of this Lease were disclosed or made available by Tenant. The consent by Landlord to any disclosures
shall not be deemed to be a waiver on the part of Landlord of any prohibition against any future disclosure. 

 (w) 
 Authority . Tenant (if a corporation, partnership or other business entity) hereby represents and warrants to Landlord
that Tenant is a duly formed and existing entity qualified to do business in the state in which the Premises are located, that Tenant
has full right and authority to execute and deliver this Lease, and that each person signing on behalf of Tenant is authorized to do so.
Landlord hereby represents and warrants to Tenant that Landlord is a duly formed and existing entity qualified to do business in the state
in which the Premises are located, that Landlord has full right and authority to execute and deliver this Lease, and that each person
signing on behalf of Landlord is authorized to do so. 

 (x) 
 Hazardous Materials . The term Hazardous Materials means any substance, material, or waste
which is now or hereafter classified or considered to be hazardous, toxic, or dangerous under any Law relating to pollution or the protection
or regulation of human health, natural resources or the environment, or poses or threatens to pose a hazard to the health or safety of
persons on the Premises or in the Project. Tenant shall not use, generate, store, or dispose of, or permit the use, generation, storage
or disposal of Hazardous Materials on or about the Premises or the Project except in a manner and quantity necessary for the ordinary
performance of Tenant s business, and then in compliance with all Laws. If Tenant breaches its obligations under this Section 25(x),
Landlord may immediately take any and all action reasonably appropriate to remedy the same, including taking all appropriate action to
clean up or remediate any contamination resulting from Tenant s use, generation, storage or disposal of Hazardous Materials. Notwithstanding
Landlord s indemnity contained in Section 11(d), Tenant shall defend, indemnify, and hold harmless Landlord and its representatives
and agents from and against any and all claims, demands, liabilities, causes of action, suits, judgments, damages and expenses (including
reasonable attorneys fees and cost of clean up and remediation) arising from Tenant s failure to comply with the provisions
of this Section 25(x). This indemnity provision shall survive termination or expiration of this Lease. 

 (y) 
 List of Exhibits . All exhibits and attachments attached hereto are incorporated herein by this reference. 

29 

Exhibit A - Outline of Premises 
Exhibit B - Description of the Land 
Exhibit C - Building Rules and Regulations 
Exhibit D - Tenant Finish-Work 
Exhibit E - Form of Confirmation of Commencement Date Letter 
Exhibit F - Form of Tenant Estoppel Certificate 
Exhibit G - Parking 
Exhibit H - Option to Extend 
Exhibit I - Intentionally Omitted 
 Exhibit J - Insurance coverage for work performed by contractors and subcontractors 

 (z) 
 Prohibited Persons and Transactions . Tenant represents and warrants that neither Tenant nor any of its affiliates, nor
any of their respective partners, members, shareholders or other equity owners, and none of their respective employees, officers, directors,
representatives or agents is, nor will they become, a person or entity with whom U.S. persons or entities are restricted from doing business
under regulations of the Office of Foreign Asset Control OFAC of the Department of the Treasury (including
those named on OFAC s Specially Designated and Blocked Persons List) or under any statute, executive order (including the September 24,
2001, Executive Order Blocking Property and Prohibiting Transactions with Persons Who Commit, Threaten to Commit, or Support Terrorism),
or other governmental action and is not and will not Transfer this Lease to, contract with or otherwise engage in any dealings or transactions
or be otherwise associated with such persons or entities. 

 (aa) ERISA . 
Tenant hereby represents, warrants and agrees that: (i) it is acting on its own behalf and that it is not an employee benefit plan as
defined in Section 3(3) of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended ERISA ), which is subject to Title
1 of ERISA, nor a plan as defined in Section 4975(e)(1) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code each of
the foregoing hereinafter referred to collectively as a Plan (ii) Tenant s assets do not constitute plan assets 
of one or more such Plans within the meaning of Department of Labor Regulation Section 2510.3-101. 

 26. 
 Intentionally Omitted. 

 27. 
 Directory Sign; Suite-Entry Sign . Landlord shall install and maintain (1)Tenant's name on the alphabetical directory
in the main lobby of the Building in accordance with Exhibit C , and (2) a Building-standard sign with Tenant's name near the primary
entryway door of the Premises; provided that all costs associated with the construction and installation of such signage shall be at Tenant s
cost and expense. 

 28. 
 Counterparts . This Lease may be executed by the parties hereto in separate counterparts, each of which when so executed
and delivered shall be an original, but all such counterparts shall together constitute one and the same instrument. Signatures to this
Lease transmitted by electronic mail in portable document format (.pdf) form, or by any other electronic means intended
to preserve the original graphic and pictorial appearance of a document, will have the same effect as physical delivery of the paper document
bearing the original signature. 

30 

LANDLORD AND TENANT EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM ANY
IMPLIED WARRANTY THAT THE PREMISES ARE SUITABLE FOR TENANT S INTENDED COMMERCIAL PURPOSE, AND TENANT S OBLIGATION TO PAY RENT
HEREUNDER IS NOT DEPENDENT UPON THE CONDITION OF THE PREMISES OR THE PERFORMANCE BY LANDLORD OF ITS OBLIGATIONS HEREUNDER, AND, EXCEPT
AS OTHERWISE EXPRESSLY PROVIDED HEREIN, TENANT SHALL CONTINUE TO PAY THE RENT, WITHOUT ABATEMENT, DEMAND, SETOFF OR DEDUCTION, NOTWITHSTANDING
ANY BREACH BY LANDLORD OF ITS DUTIES OR OBLIGATIONS HEREUNDER, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED. 

 This Lease is executed
on the respective dates set forth below, but for reference purposes, this Lease shall be dated as of the date first above written. If
the execution date is left blank, this Lease shall be deemed executed as of the date first written above. 

LANDLORD : ANC CORPORATE CENTER PASEO VERDE, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 

By: /s/ Paul Faries 
 
 Name: Paul Faries 
 
 Title: Authorized Signatory 
 
 Execution Date: 8/30/2021 

TENANT : CLEANSPARK, INC. , a Nevada corporation 

By: /s/ Zachary Bradford 
 
 Name: Zachary Bradford 
 
 Title: CEO 
 
 Execution Date: 8/30/2021 

31 

Exhibit A 

 OUTLINE
OF PREMISES 

32 

Exhibit B 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE LAND 

[to be provided] 

33 

Exhibit C 
 
BUILDING RULES AND REGULATIONS 

34 

Exhibit D 

 [structural improvements -- tenant managed
construction] 

35 

Exhibit E 
 
CONFIRMATION OF COMMENCEMENT DATE 

36 

Exhibit F 
 
FORM OF TENANT ESTOPPEL CERTIFICATE 

37 

Exhibit G 
 
PARKING 

38 

Exhibit H 
 
RENEWAL OPTION 

39 

Exhibit I 
 
INTENTIONALLY OMITTED 

40 

Exhibit J 

Re:
Access Agreement and work performed at 2370 Corporate Circle, Henderson, NV 89074 

41 

</EX-10.42>

<EX-21.1>
 5
 ex21_1.htm

Subsidiaries 

Name 
 Jurisdiction 

ATL
 Data Centers LLC 
 Georgia 

CleanBlok,
 Inc. 
 Georgia 

CleanSpark,
 LLC 
 California 

CleanSpark
 II, LLC 
 Nevada 

CleanSpark
 Critical Power Systems, Inc. 
 Nevada 

Solar
 Watt Solutions, Inc. 
 California 

GridFabric,
 LLC 
 Wisconsin 

p2klabs,
 Inc. 
 Nevada 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 6
 ex23_1.htm

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED
PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

We consent to the incorporation by
reference in the Registration Statements on Forms S-3 (File Nos. 333-228063 and 333-248975), S-3ASR (File No. 333-254290), and S-8 (File
Nos. 333-218831, 333-249959, and 333-259917) of our report dated December 14, 2021 with respect to the audited consolidated financial
statements of CleanSpark, Inc. and its subsidiaries (the Company (which report expresses an unqualified opinion) and the
effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting (which report expresses an adverse opinion) appearing in this Annual Report
on Form 10-K of the Company for the year ended September 30, 2021. 

/s/ MaloneBailey, LLP 

 www.malonebailey.com 

 Houston, Texas 

 December 14, 2021 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 7
 ex31_1.htm

Rule
13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Chief Executive Officer 

I, Zachary Bradford, certify that; 

1. 
 
 I
 have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2021 of CleanSpark, Inc. (the
 registrant ); 

2. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. 
 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. 
 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. 
 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. 
 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. 
 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: December 14, 2021 

/s/ Zachary Bradford 

 By: Zachary Bradford 

 Title: Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 8
 ex31_2.htm

Rule
13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Chief Financial Officer 

I, Lori Love, certify that; 

1. 
 
 I
 have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2021 of CleanSpark, Inc. (the
 registrant ); 

2. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. 
 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. 
 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. 
 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. 
 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. 
 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: December 14, 2021 

/s/ Lori Love 

 By: Lori Love 

 Title: Chief
 Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 9
 ex32_1.htm

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
AND 

 CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF
2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of
CleanSpark, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2021 filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Zachary Bradford, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, and I, Lori
Love, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a)
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material
respects, the consolidated financial condition of the Company as of the dates presented and the consolidated result of operations
of the Company for the periods presented. 

By: 
 /s/ Zachary Bradord 
 
 Name: 
 Zachary Bradford 
 
 Title: 
 Chief Executive
 Officer, 
 
 Date: 
 December 14, 2021 

By: 
 /s/ Lori Love 
 
 Name: 
 Lori Love 
 
 Title: 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 
 
 Date: 
 December 14, 2021 

This certification has been furnished solely pursuant to Section
906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 12
 clsk-20210930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 14
 clsk-20210930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 15
 clsk-20210930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 16
 clsk-20210930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

