<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20211215_10-K_edgar_data_1506251_0001213900-21-065464.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5999176</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>781353</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1111276</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1575090</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1210246</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1145430</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>15</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-21-065464.hdr.sgml : 20211215
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20211215163105
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-21-065464
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		65
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20210930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20211215
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20211215

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Citius Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001506251
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		IRS NUMBER:				273425913
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0930

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38174
		FILM NUMBER:		211494551

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		11 COMMERCE DRIVE
		STREET 2:		1ST FLOOR
		CITY:			CRANFORD
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07016
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(908) 967-6676

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		11 COMMERCE DRIVE
		STREET 2:		1ST FLOOR
		CITY:			CRANFORD
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07016

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Trail One, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20110314

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	TrailOne, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20101119

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-21-065464.txt : 20211215

10-K
 1
 f10k2021_citiuspharma.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED
STATES 

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the Fiscal Year Ended 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

Commission
File Number 

(Exact
name of Registrant as specified in its Charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, , , 

(Address
of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

(Registrant s
telephone number, including area code) 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act: 

Title of Each Class Trading Symbol(s) Name of Each Exchange 
on Which Registered The Capital Market Warrants to purchase Common Stock CTXRW The NASDAQ Capital Market 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act of 1934
during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject
to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files).
 No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, 
 smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act by the registered public accounting firm
that prepared or issued its audit report. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

The
aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which
the common equity was last sold, or the average bid and asked price of such common equity, as of the last business day of the registrant s
most recently completed second fiscal quarter (March 31, 2021) was approximately 218 million. 

Affiliates
for the purpose of this item refers to the issuer s executive officers and directors and/or any persons or firms (excluding those
brokerage firms and/or clearing houses and/or depository companies holding issuer s securities as record holders only for their
respective clients beneficial interest) owning 10 or more of the issuer s common stock, both of record and beneficially. 

Indicate
the number of shares outstanding of each of the registrant s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date: 

shares as of November 30, 2021, all of one class of common stock, 0.001 par value. 

DOCUMENTS
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

Portions
of the Company s Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders expected to be held on February 8, 2022 are incorporated
by reference in Part III of this Report. 

Citius
Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 

FORM
10-K 

September
30, 2021 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

Page 
 
 PART I 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 
 1 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 
 21 
 
 Item 1B 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 41 
 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 
 41 
 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 
 41 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 41 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 42 
 
 Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 
 42 
 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 42 
 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 48 
 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 F-1 to F-21 
 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 49 
 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 
 49 
 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 
 49 
 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 
 49 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 50 
 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 
 50 
 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 50 
 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 
 50 
 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 
 50 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 51 
 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 
 54 

Signatures 
 
 55 

i 

NOTES 

In
this annual report on Form 10-K, and unless the context otherwise requires, the Company, we, us 
and our refer to Citius Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and its wholly-owned subsidiaries
Citius Pharmaceuticals, LLC, Leonard-Meron Biosciences, Inc. and Citius Acquisition Corp., and
its majority-owned subsidiary, NoveCite, Inc., taken as a whole. 

Mino-Lok 
is our registered trademark. All other trade names, trademarks and service marks appearing in this prospectus are the property of their
respective owners. We have assumed that the reader understands that all such terms are source-indicating. Accordingly, such terms, when
first mentioned in this report, appear with the trade name, trademark or service mark notice and then throughout the remainder of this
report without trade name, trademark or service mark notices for convenience only and should not be construed as being used in a descriptive
or generic sense. 

FORWARD-LOOKING
STATEMENTS 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements include, but are not limited
to, statements that express our intentions, beliefs, expectations, strategies, predictions or any other statements relating to our future
activities or other future events or conditions. These statements are based on current expectations, estimates and projections about
our business based, in part, on assumptions made by management. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve
risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Therefore, actual outcomes and results may, and are likely to, differ
materially from what is expressed or forecasted in the forward-looking statements due to numerous factors discussed from time to time
in this report, including the risks described under Item 1A - Risk Factors, and Item 7 - Management s Discussion
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in this report and in other documents which we file with the Securities
and Exchange Commission SEC ). In addition, such statements could be affected by risks and uncertainties related to: 

the
cost, timing and results of our pre-clinical and clinical trials; 

our
ability to raise funds for general corporate purposes and operations, including our pre-clinical and clinical trials; 

our
ability to apply for, obtain and maintain required regulatory approvals for our product candidates; 

the
commercial feasibility and success of our technology and our product candidates; 

our
ability to recruit qualified management and technical personnel to carry out our operations; and 

the
other factors discussed in the Risk Factors section and elsewhere in this report. 

Any
forward-looking statements speak only as of the date on which they are made, and, except as may be required under applicable securities
laws, we do not undertake any obligation to update any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances after the filing
date of this report. 

SUMMARY
OF RISK FACTORS 

An
investment in our securities involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the risks summarized in Item 1A, Risk
Factors included in this report. These risks include, but are not limited to, the following: 

We have a history of net
 losses and expect to incur losses for the foreseeable future. We may never generate revenues or, if we are able to generate revenues,
 achieve profitability. 

We need to secure additional
 financing in the near future to complete the development of our current product candidates and support our operations. If we fail
 to raise additional funds, our operations and business will be significantly adversely affected. 

ii 

The COVID-19 pandemic has
 adversely impacted hospitals and medical facilities where we are currently conducting our Mino-Lok Phase 3 trial and may materially
 and adversely affect our clinical trial operations in the future, which could increase our operating expenses and the length of time
 to complete the trial and have a material adverse effect on our financial results. 

We cannot assure you that
 we will receive the approvals necessary to commercialize for sale any product candidates we are currently developing or that we may
 acquire or seek to develop in the future. Failure to obtain FDA approval of one or more of our product candidates could severely
 undermine our business by leaving us without saleable products, and therefore without any potential sources of revenues. 

The results of pre-clinical
 studies and completed clinical trials are not necessarily predictive of future results, and our current product candidates may not
 have favorable results in later studies or trials. 

If we are unable to file
 for approval of Mino-Lok or Halo-Lido under Section 505(b)(2) of the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act, and thereby not be able
 to use existing, publicly available third party data regarding components of Mino-Lok or Halo-Lido, or if we are required to generate
 additional data related to safety and efficacy in order to obtain approval of Mino-Lok or Halo-Lido under Section 505(b)(2), we may
 be unable to meet our anticipated development and commercialization timelines. Such a development would be costly and time consuming
 and adversely impact our operations and financial condition. 

Because our NoveCite product
 candidate is based on novel mesenchymal stem cell technologies, it is difficult to predict the regulatory approval process and the
 time, the cost and our ability to successfully initiate, conduct and complete clinical development, and obtain the necessary regulatory
 and reimbursement approvals, required for commercialization of our NoveCite product candidate. 

NoveCite has assumed that
 the biological capabilities of iPSCs and adult-donor derived cells are likely to be comparable. If it is discovered that this assumption
 is incorrect, the NoveCite product candidate research and development activities could be harmed. 

Currently, we do not have
 any sales, marketing or distribution capabilities. In order to generate sales of any product candidate that receives regulatory approval,
 we must either acquire or develop an internal marketing and sales force with technical expertise and with supporting distribution
 capabilities or make arrangements with third parties to perform these services for us. 

Physicians and patients
 might not accept and use any of our product candidates for which regulatory approval is obtained. 

Our ability to commercialize
 our product candidates will depend in part on the extent to which reimbursement will be available from government and health administration
 authorities, private health maintenance organizations and health insurers, and other healthcare payers. Our ability to generate product
 revenues will be diminished if any of our product candidates that may be approved sell for inadequate prices or patients are unable
 to obtain adequate levels of reimbursement. 

We are and will be dependent
 on third-party contract research organizations to conduct all of our clinical trials. If these third parties do not successfully
 carry out their contractual duties or regulatory obligations or meet expected deadlines, if the third parties need to be replaced
 or if the quality or accuracy of the data they obtain is compromised due to the failure to adhere to our clinical protocols or regulatory
 requirements or for other reasons, our preclinical development activities or clinical trials may be extended, delayed, suspended
 or terminated, and we may not be able to obtain regulatory approval for any of our product candidates. 

We do not have and do not
 intend to establish our own manufacturing facilities. Consequently, we lack the physical plant to formulate and manufacture our product
 candidates, which are currently being manufactured entirely by commercial third-party manufacturers. 

iii 

We rely on the significant
 experience and specialized expertise of our executive management and other key personnel and the loss of any of our executive management
 or key personnel or our inability to successfully hire their successors could harm our business. 

We share some directors,
 officers and research staff with NoveCite. The dual roles of our employees, officers and directors who also serve in similar roles
 with NoveCite could create a conflict of interest, which could expose us to claims by our investors and creditors and could harm
 our results of operations. 

Our future success, competitive
 position and revenues, if any, depend in part on our ability and the abilities of our licensors to obtain and maintain patent protection
 for our product candidates, methods, processes and other technologies, to preserve our trade secrets, to prevent third parties from
 infringing on our proprietary rights and to operate without infringing the proprietary rights of third parties. 

If we fail to meet the
 continued listing requirements of Nasdaq it could result in a delisting of our common stock and certain warrants. We have twice failed
 to meet the listing standards, most recently between April 2020 and July 2020, but regained compliance. However, we cannot assure
 our future compliance with Nasdaq s listing requirements. 

You may experience dilution
 of your ownership interests because of the future issuance of additional shares of our common stock or securities convertible into
 common stock. As of September 30, 2021, there were 145,979,429 shares of common stock outstanding, 40,208,347 shares underlying warrants
 and 5,755,171 shares underlying options. 

Under our Certificate of
 Incorporation, our Board of Directors has the authority to issue up to 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock and to fix and determine
 the relative rights and preferences of any such preferred stock without further stockholder approval. As a result, our Board of Directors
 could authorize the issuance of one or more series of preferred stock that would grant preferential rights over our common stock. 

iv 

PART
I 

Item
1. Business 

Overview 

Citius
Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (the Company, Citius or we ), headquartered in Cranford, New Jersey, is
a specialty pharmaceutical company dedicated to the development and commercialization of first in class critical care products with a
focus on anti-infective products in adjunct cancer care, unique prescription products and mesenchymal stem cell therapy. Our goal generally
is to achieve leading market positions by providing therapeutic products that address unmet medical needs yet have a lower development
risk than usually is associated with new chemical entities. New formulations of previously approved drugs with substantial existing safety
and efficacy data are a core focus. We seek to reduce development and clinical risks associated with drug development, yet still focus
on innovative applications. Our strategy centers on products that have intellectual property and regulatory exclusivity protection, while
providing competitive advantages over other existing therapeutic approaches. 

The
Company was founded as Citius Pharmaceuticals, LLC, a Massachusetts limited liability company, on January 23, 2007. On September 12,
2014, Citius Pharmaceuticals, LLC entered into a Share Exchange and Reorganization Agreement, with Citius (formerly Trail One, Inc.),
a publicly traded company incorporated under the laws of the State of Nevada. Citius Pharmaceuticals, LLC became a wholly-owned subsidiary
of Citius. On March 30, 2016, Citius acquired Leonard-Meron Biosciences, Inc. LMB as a wholly-owned subsidiary. LMB was
a pharmaceutical company focused on the development and commercialization of critical care products with a concentration on anti-infectives.
On September 11, 2020, we formed NoveCite, Inc. NoveCite ), a Delaware corporation, of which we own 75 of the issued and
outstanding capital stock. NoveCite is focused on the development and commercialization of its proprietary mesenchymal stem cells for
the treatment of acute respiratory disease syndrome ARDS ). On August 23, 2021, we formed Citius Acquisition Corp. as a
wholly-owned subsidiary in conjunction with the acquisition of I/ONTAK, but no activity has occurred to date. 

Since
its inception, the Company has devoted substantially all of its efforts to business planning, acquiring our proprietary technology, research
and development, recruiting management and technical staff, and raising capital. We are developing five proprietary products: Mino-Lok,
an antibiotic lock solution used to treat patients with catheter-related bloodstream infections by salvaging the infected catheter; Mino-Wrap,
a liquifying gel-based wrap for reduction of tissue expander infections following breast reconstructive surgeries; Halo-Lido, a corticosteroid-lidocaine
topical formulation that is intended to provide anti-inflammatory and anesthetic relief to persons suffering from hemorrhoids; NoveCite,
a mesenchymal stem cell therapy for the treatment of ARDS; and I/ONTAK, in-licensed in September 2021, a engineered IL-2 diphtheria toxin
fusion protein, for the treatment of patients with persistent or recurrent cutaneous T-cell lymphoma CTCL ). We believe
these unique markets for our products are large, growing, and underserved by the current prescription products or procedures. 

Citius
is subject to a number of risks common to companies in the pharmaceutical industry including, but not limited to, risks related to the
development by Citius or its competitors of research and development stage products, market acceptance of its products that receive regulatory
approval, competition from larger companies, dependence on key personnel, dependence on key suppliers and strategic partners, the Company s
ability to obtain additional financing and the Company s compliance with governmental and other regulations. 

I/ONTAK 

Overview 

In
September 2021, the Company announced that it had entered into a definitive agreement with Dr. Reddy's Laboratories SA, a subsidiary
of Dr. Reddy's Laboratories, Ltd. (collectively, "Dr. Reddy's"), to acquire its exclusive license of E7777 (denileukin diftitox),
a late-stage oncology immunotherapy for the treatment of CTCL, a rare form of non-Hodgkin lymphoma. E7777, an engineered IL-2-diphtheria
toxin fusion protein, is an improved formulation of oncology agent, ONTAK , which was previously approved by the U.S. Food and Drug
Administration FDA for the treatment of patients with persistent or recurrent CTCL. We have renamed E7777 as I/ONTAK
although we refer to it as E7777 at times in this report. 

1 

Phase
3 Trial 

A
global, multicenter, open label single arm pivotal clinical trial for the treatment of patients with persistent or recurrent CTCL was
initiated in 2013. Inclusion criteria for the study were to evaluate patients in advanced stage CTCL (Mycosis Fungoides or S zary
Syndrome), who received at least one prior CTCL therapy. 

The
pivotal trial was divided into two phases, a lead-in phase with 21 subjects that evaluated dose finding, pharmacokinetics and immunogenicity,
as well as assessing the Objective Response Rate (the ORR ). An ORR is defined as a greater than 50 reduction in tumor
burden. 

The
results of the lead-in study were: 

9
 mcg/kg/dose for 5 consecutive days in 21-day cycles which was selected for the main phase
 of the study based on safety, tolerability, and efficacy data. 

No
 new safety signals were identified compared to Ontak. 

An
 ORR of 38.1 in the intent to treat population and 44.4 in the efficacy evaluable populations. 

The
second phase to the pivotal trial was a 70-patient study administered at the 9 mcg/kg/dose rate for 5 consecutive days in 21-day cycles,
The inclusion criteria was identical to the lead-in study and the primary objective was to evaluate the ORR. 

Investigator
Initiated Trials 

A
Phase 1 trial has been initiated at the University of Minnesota, Masonic Cancer Center. This study is a single-arm non-randomized trial
which has an estimated enrollment of 30 participants who will be administered E7777 prior to tisagenlecleucel Chimeric Antigen Receptor, CAR-T therapy. The Phase 1 study consists of two components: dose finding to establish a maximum tolerated dose MTD of E7777 in combination with CART-T Therapy, and a small extension component to provide an estimate of efficacy at that MTD. 

A
second Phase 1 Study is planned to be initiated by March 2022 at the University of Pittsburg Medical Center, Hillman Cancer Center. This
study will be investigating the safety and efficacy of a combined regimen of pembrolizumab with T-regulatory cell depletion and E7777
in patients diagnosed with recurrent or metastatic solid tumors in the second line setting. 

Regulatory
Development 

In
the 1990 s, denileukin diftitox was developed at Boston University and the National Cancer Institute NCI in collaboration
with Seragen, Inc. In 1999, Ontak (denileukin diftitox) was granted accelerated approval by the FDA for the treatment of persistent
or recurrent CTCL with Ligand Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Ligand acquiring the marketing rights in that same year. In 2006,
Eisai Co., Ltd. Eisai acquired the commercial rights to Ontak from Ligand. 

In
2008, the FDA granted full approval to Ontak for CTCL. 

In
2011, there was a commercial supply disruption due to manufacturing issues and a new formulation of denileukin diftitox was developed
under the code name E7777. The FDA considered this a new product with a new IND being filed. In ensuing discussions, the FDA agreed to
a development plan that included a single arm, open label study to conclude safety and efficacy of E7777 and a CMC development plan that
demonstrates the new process results in a comparable drug product. 

In
2011, the FDA Office of Orphan Products Development granted E7777 orphan drug designation status for the treatment of Peripheral T-Cell
Lymphoma PTCL ). In 2013, the FDA Office of Orphan Products Development granted E7777 orphan drug designation status for
the treatment of CTCL. 

2 

In
2013, the first patient was enrolled into the lead-in phase of the pivotal study for the E7777 U.S. CTCL clinical trial. 

In
2014, commercial sales of Ontak were discontinued when the product was voluntarily withdrawn from the market due to manufacturing issues
at the contract manufacturer. 

In
2015, the last patient enrolled exited the lead-in phase of the E7777 U.S. CTCL clinical trial. 

In
March 2016, Dr. Reddy s Laboratories DRL acquired the global rights to E7777 from Eisai, other than far east countries,
with Eisai retaining the rights in those countries. 

In
June 2016, the first patient was enrolled in the Phase 3 pivotal study for E7777 CTCL in the U.S. 

In
March 2020, Eisai filed an NDA for E7777 in Japan for both CTCL and PTCL and in March 2021 received approvals in both CTCL and PTCL. 

The
last patient in the Phase 3 Pivotal study of E7777 has been enrolled and a biologics license application BLA for E7777's
first indication in CTCL is expected to be filed with the FDA by the end of 2022. 

Market
Opportunity 

CTCL s
are a heterogeneous subset of extranodal non-Hodgkin lymphomas NHL of mature, skin-homing T-cells that are mainly localized
to the skin. The most common types of CTCL are mycosis fungoides MF and primary cutaneous CD30+ anaplastic large cell
lymphoma (pcALCL), jointly representing an estimated 80 85 of all CTCL. S zary Syndrome SS ), a very rare
subtype (~2 5 of CTCL) characterized by diffuse inflammatory, often exfoliative, erythroderma and by leukemic and nodal involvement,
displays a significant degree of clinical and biological overlap with MF and has long been considered a clinical variant of MF, although
recent evidence suggests that it may be a separate entity. The rest is represented by extremely rare, generally more aggressive subtypes.
In light of the overlap between MF and SS, and considering that many of the systemic therapy options for the two neoplasms are the same,
some consider the treatment approach to MF and SS as if they were a single disease entity (MF/SS). However, some of the drugs currently
in use, or in development, for MF/SS appear to be more effective in clearing different anatomical compartments (skin versus blood, for
example) and therefore have differential efficacy in MF and SS. 

Based
on Surveillance Epidemiology and End Results (SEER) data from 2001 2007, the estimated incidence rate of MF/SS in the U.S. is 0.5/100,000
or about 2,500 3,000 new cases per year representing about 25 of all T-cell lymphomas. 

The
Company estimates that there are 30,000 40,000 patients living with CTCL in the U.S. with approximately 16,000 20,000
having mycosis fungoides. Of those, the Company further estimates that there are 10,000 patients with relapsed or refractory CTCL that
require systemic therapy. 

The
Company also estimates that the addressable U.S. market is approximately 300,000,000 for patients with advanced stage relapsed or refractory
CTCL. 

Mino-Lok 

Overview 

Mino-Lok
is a patented solution containing minocycline, disodium ethylenediaminetetraacetic acid (edetate), and ethyl alcohol, all of which act
synergistically to treat and salvage infected central venous catheters CVCs in patients with catheter related bloodstream
infections CRBSIs ). Mino-Lok breaks down biofilm barriers formed by bacterial colonies, eradicates the bacteria, and provides
anti-clotting properties to maintain patency in CVCs. 

3 

The
administration of Mino-Lok consists of filling the lumen of the catheter with 0.8 ml to 2.0 ml of Mino-Lok solution. The catheter is
then locked , meaning that the solution remains in the catheter without flowing into the vein. The lock is maintained for
a dwell-time of two hours while the catheter is not in use. If the catheter has multiple lumens, all lumens may be locked with the Mino-Lok
solution either simultaneously or sequentially. If patients are receiving continuous infusion therapy, the catheters alternate between
being locked with the Mino-Lok solution and delivering therapy. The Mino-Lok therapy is two hours per day for at least five days, usually
with two additional locks in the subsequent two weeks. After locking the catheter for two hours, the Mino-Lok solution is aspirated,
and the catheter is flushed with normal saline. At that time, either the infusion will be continued, or will be locked with the standard-of-care
lock solution until further use of the catheter is required. In a clinical study conducted by MD Anderson Cancer Center MDACC ),
there were no serum levels of either minocycline or edetate detected in the sera of several patients who underwent daily catheter lock
solution with minocycline and edetate M-EDTA at the concentration level proposed in Mino-Lok treatment. Thus, it has
been demonstrated that the amount of either minocycline or edetate that leaks into the serum is very low or none at all. 

Phase
2b Results 

From
April 2013 to July 2014, 30 patients with CVC-related bloodstream infection were enrolled at MDACC in a prospective Phase 2b study. Patients
received Mino-Lok therapy for two hours once daily for a minimum of five days within the first week, followed by two additional locks
within the next two weeks. Patients were followed for one month post-lock therapy. Demographic information, clinical characteristics,
laboratory data, therapy, as well as adverse events and outcome were collected for each patient. Median age at diagnosis was 56 years
(range: 21-73 years). In all patients, prior to the use of lock therapy, systemic treatment with a culture-directed, first-line intravenous
antibiotic was started. Microbiological eradication was achieved at the end of therapy in all cases. None of the patients experienced
any serious adverse event related to the lock therapy. 

The
active arm, which is the Mino-Lok treated group of patients, was then compared to 60 patients in a matched cohort that experienced removal
and replacement of their CVCs within the same contemporaneous timeframe. The patients were matched for cancer type, infecting organism,
and level of neutropenia. All patients were cancer patients and treated at MDACC. The efficacy of Mino-Lok therapy was 100 in salvaging
CVCs, demonstrating equal effectiveness to removing the infected CVC and replacing it with a new catheter. 

The
main purpose of the study was to show that Mino-Lok therapy was at least as effective as the removal and replacement of CVCs when CRBSIs
are present, and that the safety was better, that is, the complications of removing an infected catheter and replacing with a new one
could be avoided. In addition to having a 100 efficacy rate with all CVCs being salvaged, Mino-Lok therapy had no significant adverse
events SAEs ), compared to an 18 SAE rate in the matched cohort where patients had the infected CVCs removed and replaced
with a fresh catheter. There were no overall complication rates in the Mino-Lok arm group compared to 11 patients with events (18 in
the control group. These events included bacterial relapse (5 at four weeks post-intervention, and a number of complications associated
with mechanical manipulation in the removal or replacement procedure for the catheter (10 or development of deep-seated infections
such as septic thrombophlebitis and osteomyelitis (8 ). As footnoted, six patients had more than one complication in the control arm
group. 

Mino-Lok Arm 
 Control Arm 
 
 Parameter 
 N 
 ) 
 N 
 ) 
 
 Patients 
 30 
 (100 
 60 
 (100 
 
 Cancer type 

- Hematologic 
 20 
 (67 
 48 
 (80 
 
 - Solid tumor 
 10 
 (33 
 12 
 (20 
 
 ICU Admission 
 4 
 (13 
 4 
 (7 
 
 Mech.Ventilator 
 3 
 (10 
 0 
 (0 
 
 Bacteremia 

- Gram+ 
 17 
 (57 
 32 
 (53 
 
 - Gram- 
 14 
 (47 
 28 
 (47 
 
 Neutropenia 

1 Polymicrobial patient
 had a Gram+ and a Gram- organism cultured 

6 Patients had > 1 complication 

Source:
Dr. Issam Raad, Antimicrobial Agents and Chemotherapy, June 2016, Vol. 60 No. 6, Page 3429 

4 

Phase
3 Trial 

In
November 2016, the Company initiated site recruitment for Phase 3 clinical trials. From initiation through the first quarter of 2017,
the Company received input from several sites related to the control arm as being less than standard-of-care for some of the respective
institutions. The Company worked closely with the FDA with respect to the design of the Phase 3 trial and received feedback on August
17, 2017. The FDA stated that they recognized that there is an unmet medical need in salvaging infected catheters and agreed that an
open label, superiority design would address the Company s concerns and would be acceptable to meet the requirements of a new drug
application. The Company amended the Phase 3 study design to remove the saline and heparin placebo control arm and to use an active control
arm that conforms with today s current standard-of-care. Patient enrollment commenced in February 2018. 

The
Mino-Lok Phase 3 Trial was originally planned to enroll 700 patients in 50 participating institutions, all located in the U.S. There
were interim analyses at both the 50 and 75 points of the trial as measured by the number of patients treated. As of November 30, 2021,
there are 21 active sites currently enrolling patients including such academic centers as MDACC, Henry Ford Health Center, Georgetown
University Medical Center, and others. There are two additional medical centers in startup mode. There are no other remaining sites in
feasibility. 

In
September 2019, the Company announced that the FDA agreed to a new primary efficacy endpoint of time to catheter failure 
in comparing Mino-Lok to the antibiotic lock control arm. This change in the trial design reduced the required patient sample size of
the trial from 700 subjects to approximately 144 available subjects to achieve the pre-specified 92 catheter failure events needed to
conclude the trial. Additionally, the Company submitted a response to the FDA that it would implement this change in the primary endpoint
and expected it to result in less than 150 subjects needed in its Phase 3 trial. The new primary endpoints require that the time to catheter
failure be at least 38 days for Mino-Lok versus 21 days for the standard of care antibiotic locks. 

In
October 2019, the FDA agreed that the patient sample size of approximately 144 patients was acceptable. 

In
October 2019, the Company announced that the Phase 3 trial had reached the 40 completion triggering an interim futility analysis by
the data monitoring committee (the DMC ). The DMC is an independent panel of experts that review progress regarding the
safety and efficacy of drugs in clinical trials, and to determine if the trial may be futile in achieving its endpoints or if the trial
should be modified in any way. 

In
December 2019, the DMC convened and recommended that the trial continue with no changes because the analysis showed a positive outcome,
as it met the prespecified interim futility analysis criteria. 

In
May 2020, we announced that we are providing free access to Mino-Lok for healthcare providers under an Expanded Access protocol to ease
the burden associated with the COVID-19 pandemic. Through the Expanded Access protocol, an infected central venous catheter can now be
treated with Mino-Lok, potentially avoiding the need for the removal and replacement procedure. 

In
June 2020, we announced that we had received positive feedback from the FDA on our proposed catheter compatibility studies for Mino-Lok.
The studies, if and when successfully completed, should allow Mino-Lok to be labeled for use with all commercially available CVCs and
peripherally inserted central catheters (PICCs) on the U.S. market. We further assume that these studies will meet European and world
standards. The ability to be labeled without restrictions with respect to catheter type would allow Mino-Lok unrestricted access to the
full U.S. and world markets for an effective antibiotic lock therapy for central line associated blood stream infections CLABSIs ). 

5 

In
September 2020, we announced that another DMC meeting was held to review the data being generated and analyzed in the Mino-Lok Phase
3 trial based on progress to date, and to make recommendations to us as to any action that may be necessary regarding the study. After
reviewing these data, the DMC members stated that they did not find any safety signals; and they also recommended continuing the trial
without any modifications. The DMC further conducted an ad hoc meeting and agreed with the Company that a 75 interim analysis
be conducted as planned in which superior efficacy is evaluated. 

In
September 2020, the Company announced that the three registration batches for all components of Mino Lok were manufactured and that clinical
sites were resupplied with registration product. 

In
November 2020, the Company announced that the three components of Mino-Lok, minocycline, disodium edetate EDTA ), and ethanol,
were superior to EDTA and ethanol in their ability to eradicate resistant staphylococcal biofilms. 

The
75 interim analysis was completed in June 2021. In July 2021, the Company announced that following an unblinded data review of safety
and efficacy, the independent DMC for the trial recommended proceeding with the trial as planned. The DMC did not identify any safety
concerns and no modifications were recommended to the protocol-defined sample size or power to achieve the primary endpoint. 

Fast
Track Designation 

In
October 2017, the Company received official notice from FDA that the investigational program for Mino-Lok was granted Fast Track 
status. Fast Track is a designation that expedites FDA review to facilitate development of drugs which treat a serious or life-threatening
condition and fill an unmet medical need. A drug that receives Fast Track designation is eligible for the following: 

More frequent meetings
 with FDA to discuss the drug s development plan and ensure collection of appropriate data needed to support drug approval; 

More frequent written correspondence
 from FDA about the design of the clinical trials; 

Priority review to shorten
 the FDA review process for a new drug from ten months to six months; and 

Rolling review, which means
 Citius can submit completed sections of its New Drug Application NDA for review by FDA, rather than waiting until
 every section of the application is completed before the entire application can be submitted for review. 

Mino-Lok
International Study 

In
October 2017, data from an international study on Mino-Lok was presented at the Infectious Disease Conference, ID Week ),
in San Diego, California. The 44-patient study was conducted in Brazil, Lebanon, and Japan and showed Mino-Lok therapy was an effective
intervention to salvage long-term, infected CVCs in CRBSIs in patients who had cancer with limited vascular access. This study showed
95 effectiveness for Mino-Lok therapy in achieving microbiological eradication of the CVCs as compared to 83 for the control. The single
failure in the Mino-Lok arm was due to a patient with Burkholderia cepacia that was resistant to all antibiotics tested. 

Stability
Patent Application for Mino-Lok 

In
October 2018, the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office USPTO issued U.S. Patent No. 10,086,114, entitled Antimicrobial
Solutions with Enhanced Stability. On October 9, 2019, the European Patent Office EPO granted European Patent
No. 3370794, entitled Antimicrobial Solutions with Enhanced Stability. The grant of this European patent strengthens the
intellectual property protection for Mino-Lok through November of 2036. This invention overcomes limitations in mixing antimicrobial
solutions in which components have precipitated because of physical and/or chemical factors, thus limiting the stability of the post-mix
solutions. The scientists and technologists at MDACC have been able to improve the stability of the post-mixed solutions through adjustments
of the post-mixed pH of the solution. This may allow for longer storage time of the ready-to-use solution. Citius holds the exclusive
worldwide license which provides access to this patented technology for development and commercialization of Mino-Lok. 

6 

Market
Opportunity 

In
spite of best clinical practice, catheters contribute to approximately 70 of blood stream infections that occur in the intensive care
unit or are associated with hemodialysis or cancer patients (approximately 470,000 per year). Bacteria enter the catheter either from
the skin or intraluminally through the catheter hub. Once in the catheter, bacteria tend to form a protective biofilm on the interior
surface of the catheter that is resistant to most antimicrobial solutions. The most frequently used maintenance flush, heparin, actually
stimulates biofilm formation. Heparin is widely used as a prophylactic lock solution, in spite of the evidence that it contributes to
the promotion of biofilm formation. The formation of bacterial biofilm usually precedes CRBSIs. 

The
standard of care in the management of CRBSI patients consists of removing the infected CVC and replacing it with a new catheter at a
different vascular access site. However, in cancer and hemodialysis patients with long-term surgically implantable silicone catheters,
removal of the CVC and reinsertion of a new one at a different site might be difficult, or even impossible, because of the unavailability
of other accessible vascular sites and the need to maintain infusion therapy. Furthermore, critically ill patients with short-term catheters
often have underlying coagulopathy, which makes reinsertion of a new CVC at a different site, in the setting of CRBSIs, risky in terms
of mechanical complications, such as pneumothorax, misplacement, or arterial puncture. Studies have also revealed that CRBSI patients
may be associated with serious complications, including septic thrombosis, endocarditis and disseminated infection, particularly if caused
by Staphylococcus aureus or Candida species. Furthermore, catheter retention in patients with CRBSIs is associated with
a higher risk of relapse and poor response to antimicrobial therapy. 

According
to Maki et al., published in the Mayo Clinic Proceedings in 2006, there are approximately 250,000 CRBSIs annually in the U.S.
Subsequent to this study, our estimates have ranged upwards to over 450,000 CLABSIs annually (see analysis in the table below). CRBSIs
are associated with a 12 to 35 mortality rate and an attributable cost of 35,000 to 56,000 per episode. 

We
estimate that the potential market for Mino-Lok in the U.S. to be approximately 500 million to 1 billion as shown in the table below
based on a target price of up to 300 per dose of each salvage flush treatment. 

Short-Term CVC 
 Long-Term CVC 
 Total 
 
 No. of Catheters 
 3 million 
 4 million 
 7 million 
 
 Avg. Duration (Days) 
 12 
 100 
 N/A 
 
 Catheter Days 
 36 million 
 400 million 
 436 million 
 
 Infection Rate 
 2/1,000 days 
 1/1,000 days 
 N/A 
 
 Catheters Infected 
 72,000 
 400,000 
 472,000 
 
 Flushes/Catheter 
 5 
 7 
 6.7 
 
 Total Salvage Flushes 
 360,000 
 2,800,000 
 3,160,000 

Sources:
Ann Intern Med 2000; 132:391-402, Clev Clin J Med 2011; 78(1):10-17, JAVA 2007; 12(1):17-27, J Inf Nurs 2004;27(4):245-250, Joint Commission
website Monograph, CLABSI and Internal Estimates. 

Under
various plausible pricing scenarios, we believe that Mino-Lok would be cost-saving to the healthcare system given that the removal of
an infected CVC and replacement of a new catheter in a different venous access site is estimated by us to cost between 8,000 and 10,000.
Furthermore, there are potential additional medical benefits, a reduction in patient discomfort and avoidance of serious adverse events
with the Mino-Lok approach since the catheter remains in place and is not subject to manipulation. We believe there will be an economic
argument to enhance the adoption of Mino-Lok by infection control committees at acute care institutions. 

In
January of 2017, we commissioned a primary market research study with MEDACore, a subsidiary of Leerink, a healthcare focused network
with more than 35,000 healthcare professionals, including key opinion leaders, experienced practitioners and other healthcare professionals
throughout North America, Europe, Asia and other locations around the world. This network includes approximately 55 clinical specialties,
21 basic sciences and 20 business specialties. As part of this market research project, we commissioned a third-party survey of 31 physicians
to qualify the need for catheter salvage in patients with infected, indwelling central venous lines, especially when the catheter is
a tunneled or an implanted port. There were 19 infectious disease experts and 12 intensivists surveyed who all agreed that salvage would
be preferable to catheter exchange to avoid catheter misplacements, blood clots, or vessel punctures that can potentially occur during
reinsertion. Most were also concerned that viable venous access may not be available in patients who were vitally dependent on a central
line. 

7 

Mino-Wrap 

Overview 

On
January 2, 2019, we entered into a patent and technology license agreement with the Board of Regents of the University of Texas System
on behalf of MDACC, whereby we in-licensed exclusive worldwide rights to the patented technology for any and all uses relating to breast
implants, specifically the Mino-Wrap technology. This includes rights to U.S. Patent No. 9,849,217, which was issued on December 16,
2017. We intend to develop Mino-Wrap as a liquefying, gel-based wrap containing minocycline and rifampin for the reduction of infections
associated with breast implants following breast reconstructive surgeries. We are required to use commercially reasonable efforts to
commercialize Mino-Wrap under several regulatory scenarios and achieve milestones associated with these regulatory options leading to
an approval from the FDA. Mino-Wrap will require pre-clinical development prior to any regulatory pathway. In July 2019, we announced
that we intend to pursue the FDA s Investigational New Drug IND regulatory pathway for the development of Mino-Wrap.
On August 4, 2020, we announced that we had submitted a briefing package to the FDA for a pre-IND consultation on Mino-Wrap. 

In
December 2020, the Company announced the receipt of a written response and guidance from the FDA Division of Anti-Infective Products
to the Company's Pre-IND consultation request for its Mino-Wrap briefing package. The briefing package contained information regarding
pre-clinical data and a clinical development plan, along with questions for the FDA regarding safety and efficacy data that would be
required to advance Mino-Wrap into clinical trials. The FDA granted a Written Response Only meeting regarding guidance and direction
on our Mino-Wrap development plan. The FDA indicated that bio absorption simulation studies may provide information to support the development
of Mino-Wrap and made suggestions on what should be provided relative to non-clinical support. The FDA provided guidance on the
design of the drug elution studies and agreed that a large animal pharmacology study would be appropriate. They also agreed that
a 28-day toxicology study appears appropriate and that microbiology support through existing data is acceptable. We are pursuing these
studies and anticipate filing an IND for Mino-Wrap in 2022. 

Market
Opportunity 

Breast
cancer is the most frequent cancer in women worldwide representing 25 of all cancer diagnoses with the exception of non-melanoma skin
cancer. In the United States, the overall rate of mastectomies, combining single and double mastectomies, has increased 36 from 2005
to 2013. Additionally, the incidence of post-mastectomy breast reconstruction, following breast cancer treatment, has been increasing
on an annual basis. 

In
2017, the American Society of Plastic Surgeons reported that over 105,000 women in the United States underwent a post-mastectomy breast
reconstructive procedure. Approximately 30 of these breast reconstructions occur simultaneously with mastectomy, with most reconstructions
occurring weeks later. 

The
current standard of care in post-mastectomy breast reconstruction is the use of a Tissue Expander TE ), which is a temporary
implant that is placed below the pectoralis muscle within the mastectomy space. Once a sufficiently large soft tissue envelope has been
created, the TE is then replaced by a permanent breast implant. Approximately 80 of the time, a TE is used in breast reconstructions. 

The
rate of infection following a mastectomy with a TE is 2.4 to 24 with an estimated mean of 12-14 . Once the implant becomes infected,
the patient is usually hospitalized requiring approximate two weeks of IV and/or oral antimicrobials. In addition, the TE is removed,
leading to a delay of lifesaving chemo-radiation therapy, and a more complex reconstruction in the future. 

8 

Currently,
preventive measures are used to decrease the rate of TE infections with include a systemic perioperative antimicrobial agent with the
perioperative immersion of the implant or irrigation of the surgical pocket with an antimicrobial solution prior to insertion of the
device. This is also administered with immediate postoperative oral antimicrobials. 

Based
on the in vitro preclinical laboratory work, Mino-Wrap appears to have the characteristics necessary for advancement in the protection
of human implants from subsequent infection. 

Halo-Lido 

Overview 

Halo-Lido
is a topical formulation of halobetasol propionate, a corticosteroid, and lidocaine that is intended for the treatment of hemorrhoids.
To our knowledge, there are currently no FDA-approved prescription drug products for the treatment of hemorrhoids. Some physicians are
known to prescribe topical steroids for the treatment of hemorrhoids. In addition, there are various topical combination prescription
products containing halobetasol propionate along with lidocaine or pramoxine, each a topical anesthetic, that are prescribed by physicians
for the treatment of hemorrhoids. These products contain drugs that were in use prior to the start of the Drug Efficacy Study Implementation DESI program and are commonly referred to as DESI drugs. However, none of these single-agent or combination prescription
products have been clinically evaluated for safety and efficacy and approved by the FDA for the treatment of hemorrhoids. Further, many
hemorrhoid patients use over the counter OTC products as their first line therapy. OTC products contain any one of several
active ingredients including glycerin, phenylephrine, pramoxine, white petrolatum, shark liver oil and/or witch hazel, for symptomatic
relief. 

Development
of Hemorrhoids Drugs 

Hemorrhoids
are a common gastrointestinal disorder, characterized by anal itching, pain, swelling, tenderness, bleeding and difficulty defecating.
In the U.S., hemorrhoids affect nearly 5 of the population, with approximately 10 million persons annually admitting to having symptoms
of hemorrhoidal disease. Of these persons, approximately one third visit a physician for evaluation and treatment of their hemorrhoids.
The data also indicate that for both sexes a peak of prevalence occurs from age 45 to 65 years with a subsequent decrease after age 65
years. Caucasian populations are affected significantly more frequently than African Americans, and increased prevalence rates are associated
with higher socioeconomic status in men but not women. Development of hemorrhoids before age 20 is unusual. In addition, between 50 
and 90 of the general U.S., Canadian and European population will experience hemorrhoidal disease at least once in life. Although hemorrhoids
and other anorectal diseases are not life-threatening, individual patients can suffer from agonizing symptoms which can limit social
activities and have a negative impact on the quality of life. 

Hemorrhoids
are defined as internal or external according to their position relative to the dentate line. Classification is important for selecting
the optimal treatment for an individual patient. Accordingly, physicians use the following grading system referred to as the Goligher s
classification of internal hemorrhoids: 

Grade I 
 Hemorrhoids not prolapsed
 but bleeding. 

Grade II 
 Hemorrhoids prolapse and
 reduce spontaneously with or without bleeding. 

Grade III 
 Prolapsed hemorrhoids that
 require reduction manually. 

Grade IV 
 Prolapsed and cannot be
 reduced including both internal and external hemorrhoids that are confluent from skin tag to inner anal canal. 

Development
Activities to Date 

In
the fall of 2015, we completed dosing patients in a double-blind dose ranging placebo-controlled Phase 2a study where six different formulations
containing hydrocortisone and lidocaine in various strengths were tested against the vehicle control. The objectives of this study were
to: (1) demonstrate the safety and efficacy of the formulations when applied twice daily for two weeks in subjects with Grade I or II
hemorrhoids, and (2) assess the potential contribution of lidocaine hydrochloride and hydrocortisone acetate, alone or in combination
for the treatment of symptoms of Goligher s Classification Grade I or II hemorrhoids. 

9 

Symptom
improvement was observed based on a global score of disease severity GSDS and based on some of the individual signs and
symptoms of hemorrhoids, specifically itching and overall pain and discomfort. Within the first few days of treatment, the combination
products (containing both hydrocortisone and lidocaine) were directionally favorable versus the placebo and their respective individual
active treatment groups (e.g., hydrocortisone or lidocaine alone) in achieving almost symptom free or symptom free 
status according to the GSDS scale. These differences suggest the possibility of a benefit for the combination product formulation. 

Overall,
results from adverse event reporting support the safety profile of all test articles evaluated in this study and demonstrate similar
safety profiles as compared to the vehicle. The safety findings were unremarkable. There was a low occurrence of adverse events and a
similar rate of treatment related adverse events across all treatment groups. The majority of adverse events were mild and only one was
severe. None of the adverse events were an SAE and the majority of adverse events were recovered/resolved at the end of the study. There
were only two subjects who were discontinued from the study due to adverse events. 

In
addition to the safety and dose-ranging information, information was obtained relating to the use of the GSDS as an assessment tool for
measuring the effectiveness of the test articles. Individual signs and symptoms were also assessed but can vary from patient to patient.
Therefore, the goal of the GSDS was to provide an assessment tool that could be used for all patients regardless of which signs and symptoms
they are experiencing. The GSDS proved to be a more effective tool for assessing the severity of the disease and the effectiveness of
the drug when compared to the assessment of the individual signs and symptoms. Citius believes that we can continue to develop this assessment
tool as well as other patient reported outcome endpoints for use in the next trials and in the pivotal trial. 

Information
was also obtained about the formulation of the drug and the vehicle. As a result of this study, we believe that the performance of the
active arms of the study relative to the vehicle could be improved by re-formulating our topical preparation. Therefore, we initiated
work on vehicle formulation and evaluation of higher potency steroids. 

In
June and July 2016, we engaged the Dominion Group, a leading provider of healthcare and pharmaceutical marketing research services. The
primary market research was conducted to understand the symptoms that are most bothersome to patients better in order to develop meaningful
endpoints for the clinical trials. We also learned about the factors that drive patients to seek medical attention for hemorrhoids in
an effort to understand the disease impact on quality of life. The results of this survey are able to help us develop patient reported
outcome evaluation tools. These tools can be used in clinical trials to evaluate the patients conditions and to assess the performance
of the test articles. 

In
March 2018, we announced that we had selected a higher potency corticosteroid in our steroid/anesthetic topical formulation program for
the treatment of hemorrhoids. The original topical preparation, which we referred to as Hydro-Lido or CITI-001, which was used in the
Phase 2a study, was a combination of hydrocortisone acetate and lidocaine hydrochloride. The new formulation, CITI-002, which we refer
to as Halo-Lido, combine lidocaine with the higher potency corticosteroid halobetasol propionate for symptomatic relief of the pain and
discomfort of hemorrhoids. 

We
held a Type C meeting with the FDA in December 2017 to discuss the results of the Phase 2a study and to obtain the FDA s view on
development plans to support the potential formulation change for the planned Phase 2b study. We also requested the FDA s feedback
on our Phase 2b study design, including target patient population, inclusion/exclusion criteria, and efficacy endpoints. The pre-clinical
and clinical development programs for CITI-002 are planned to be similar to those conducted for the development of CITI-001 to support
the design for a planned Phase 3 clinical trial. We anticipate filing an IND in December 2021 and beginning a Phase 2b clinical study
by March 2022. 

10 

Market
Opportunity 

The
current market for OTC and topical prescription Rx products for the symptomatic treatment of hemorrhoids is highly fragmented,
and includes approximately 20 million units of OTC and over 4 million prescriptions. None of the Rx products have received FDA approval
and are only available due to the DESI program, which started decades ago after enactment of the 1962 Kefauver-Harris Drug Amendments.
These DESI products have no FDA reviewed evidence of efficacy or safety, and may be subject to withdrawal if an approved product were
to be introduced. Several topical combination prescription products for the treatment of hemorrhoids are available containing hydrocortisone
in strengths ranging from 0.5 to 3.0 , combined with lidocaine in strengths ranging from 1.0 to 3.0 . The various topical formulations
include creams, ointments, gels, lotions, enemas, pads, and suppositories. The most commonly prescribed topical combination gel is sold
as a branded generic product and contains 2.5 hydrocortisone and 3.0 lidocaine. 

We
believe there are currently no FDA-approved prescription drug products for the treatment of hemorrhoids. Although there are numerous
Rx and OTC products commonly used to treat hemorrhoids, none possess proven safety and efficacy data generated from rigorously conducted
clinical trials. We believe that a novel topical formulation of halobetasol propionate and lidocaine designed to provide anti-inflammatory
and anesthetic relief and which has an FDA-approved label specifically claiming the treatment of hemorrhoids will become an important
treatment option for physicians who want to provide their patients with a therapy that has demonstrated safety and efficacy in treating
this uncomfortable and often recurring disease. We believe that our Halo-Lido product represents an attractive, low-risk product opportunity
with meaningful upside potential. 

Market
Exclusivity 

We
believe that we will be the first company to conduct rigorous clinical trials and receive FDA approval of a topical corticosteroid-lidocaine
combination product for the treatment of hemorrhoids. If we receive FDA approval, we will qualify for three years of market exclusivity
for our dosage strength and formulation. In addition, we will also be the only product on the market specifically proven to be safe and
effective for the treatment of hemorrhoids. Generally, if a company conducts clinical trials and receives FDA approval of a product for
which there are similar, but non FDA-approved, prescription products on the market, the manufacturers of the unapproved but marketed
products are required to withdraw them from the market. However, the FDA has significant latitude in determining how to enforce its regulatory
powers in these circumstances. We have not had any communication with the FDA regarding this matter and cannot predict what action, if
any, the FDA will take with respect to the unapproved products. 

We
believe that should Halo-Lido demonstrate, proven safety and efficacy data and receive FDA approval, and if Halo-Lido obtains three years
of market exclusivity based on our dosage strength and formulation, we are likely to have a meaningful advantage in our pursuit of achieving
a significant position in the market for topical combination prescription products for the treatment of hemorrhoids. 

NoveCite 

Overview 

In
October 2020, we, through our subsidiary, NoveCite, signed an exclusive agreement with Novellus Therapeutics Limited Novellus to license iPSC-derived mesenchymal stem cells (iMSCs). Under this worldwide exclusive license, we are focused on developing cellular
therapies. Specifically, we are seeking to develop and commercialize the NoveCite mesenchymal stem cells NC- i MSCs to treat acute respiratory conditions with a near term focus on ARDS. 

NC- i MSCs
are the next generation mesenchymal stem cell therapy. We believe them to be differentiated and superior to donor-derived MSCs. Human
donor-derived MSCs are sourced from human bone marrow, adipose tissue, placenta, umbilical tissue, etc. and have significant challenges
(e.g., variable donor and tissue sources, limited supply, low potency, inefficient and expensive manufacturing). NC-iMSCs overcome these
challenges because they: 

Are more potent and secrete
 exponentially higher levels of immunomodulatory proteins; 

Have practically unlimited
 supply for high doses and repeat doses; 

Are from a single donor
 and clonal so they are economically produced at scale with consistent quality and potency, as well as being footprint free (compared
 to viral reprogramming methods); and 

Have a significantly higher
 expansion capability. 

11 

Several
cell therapy companies using donor-derived MSC therapies in treating ARDS have demonstrated that MSCs reduce inflammation, enhance clearance
of pathogens and stimulate tissue repair in the lungs. Almost all these positive results are from early clinical trials or under the
FDA s emergency authorization program. 

In
December 2020, the Company announced interim data from a proof-of-concept ("POC") large animal study of its proprietary NC-iMSC
therapy. The available results of NC-iMSC therapy in the study show improvement in critical parameters, such as improved oxygenation,
less systemic shock, and reduced lung injury, compared to the control group. The study was conducted in a widely accepted large animal
model. 

In
the third quarter 2021, the Company completed the characterization and expansion of its NC-iMSC accession cell bank (ACB) at Waisman
Biomanufacturing at the University of Wisconsin-Madison to create a cGMP master cell bank (MCB). 

In
July 2021, Novellus was acquired by Brooklyn ImmunoTherapeutics, Inc. Brooklyn ). Pursuant to this transaction, the NoveCite
license was assumed by Brooklyn with all of the original terms and conditions in the exclusive license agreement. 

Market
Opportunity 

Globally,
there are 3 million cases of ARDS every year, out of which approximately 200,000 cases are in the United States. The COVID-19 pandemic
has added significantly to the number of ARDS cases. Once the COVID-19 patients advance to ARDS, they are put on mechanical ventilators.
Death rate among patients on ventilators can be as high as 50 depending on associated co-morbidities. There are no approved treatments
for ARDS, and the current standard of care only attempts to provide symptomatic relief. 

Sales
and Marketing 

We
are primarily focused on identifying opportunities within the critical care and cancer care market segments. In our product acquisition
criteria, we concentrate on markets that are highly influenced by key opinion leaders, commonly referred to as KOLs, and in which products
are prescribed by a relatively small number of physicians, yet provide opportunities for growth and market share. This strategy allows
for a manageable commercialization effort for our Company in terms of resources and capital. We also seek to provide cost-effective therapies
that would be endorsed by payers, patients, and providers. We believe that we will be able to commercialize products within the scope
of these criteria ourselves, and that we can create marketing synergies by having a common narrow audience for our marketing efforts several products in the bag for the same customer ). 

For
our product candidates that fall out of the narrow scope criteria, we have identified pharmaceutical companies with large sales forces,
experienced sales and marketing management teams, direct-to-consumer capabilities, significantly larger resources than ours, and non-competing
product portfolios that we believe would make excellent sales and marketing partners. We intend to license our mass audience, non-specialty
product candidates to such companies for sales and marketing. 

Intellectual
Property 

We
rely on a combination of patent, trade secret, copyright, and trademark laws, as well as confidentiality, licensing and other agreements,
to establish and protect our proprietary rights. Our policy is to actively seek to obtain, where appropriate, the broadest intellectual
property protection possible for our current product candidates and any future product candidates both in the U.S. and abroad. However,
patent protection may not provide us with complete protection against competitors who seek to circumvent our patents. To help protect
our proprietary know-how that is not patentable, and for inventions for which patents may be difficult to enforce, we currently rely
and will in the future rely on trade secret protection and confidentiality agreements to protect our interests. 

12 

I/ONTAK
Intellectual Property 

On
September 3, 2021, we, through our subsidiary, Citius Acquisition Corp., acquired the exclusive license of E7777 (denileukin diftitox),
a late-stage oncology immunotherapy for the treatment of CTCL, a rare form of non-Hodgkin lymphoma. E7777, an engineered IL-2-diphtheria
toxin fusion protein, is an improved formulation of oncology agent, ONTAK ,
which was previously FDA-approved for the treatment of patients with persistent or recurrent CTCL, from Dr. Reddy s. We refer to
the agent as I/ONTAK. The exclusive license, which was amended as part of the transaction, is with Eisai and includes rights to develop
and commercialize I/ONTAK in all markets except for Japan and certain parts of Asia. Additionally, we have an option on the right to
develop and market the product in India. 

Under
the license agreement, Eisai is to receive a 6 million development milestone payment upon initial approval by the FDA of I/ONTAK for
the CTCL indication (which increases to 7 million in the event we have exercised our option to add India to the licensed territory prior
to FDA approval) and an aggregate of up to 22 million related to the achievement of net product sales thresholds. We also are required
to reimburse Eisai for up to 2.65 million of its costs to complete the ongoing Phase 3 pivotal clinical trial for I/ONTAK for the CTCL
indication and reimburse Eisai for all reasonable costs associated with the preparation of a BLA for I/ONTAK. 

Pursuant
to the terms of the license agreement, Eisai is responsible for completing the current CTCL clinical trial, and chemistry, manufacturing
and controls development activities through the production of the BLA that we will file with the FDA while we are responsible for the
costs of correcting any major deficiencies in the BLA as well as the costs of any necessary companion diagnostic or pediatric study.
We are responsible for development costs associated with potential additional indications. 

The
term of the license agreement will continue until (i) if there has not been a commercial sale of a licensed product in the territory,
until the 10-year anniversary of the original license effective date, March 30, 2016, or (ii) if there has been a first commercial sale
of a licensed product in the territory within the 10-year anniversary of the original license effective date, the 10-year anniversary
of the first commercial sale on a country-by-country basis. The term of the license may be extended for additional 10-year periods for
all countries in the territory by notifying Eisai and paying an extension fee equal to 10 million. Either party may terminate the license
agreement upon written notice if the other party is in material breach of the agreement, subject to cure within the designated time periods.
Either party also may terminate the license agreement immediately upon written notice if the other party files for bankruptcy or takes
related actions or is unable to pay its debts as they become due. Additionally, either party will have the right to terminate the agreement
if the other party directly or indirectly challenges the patentability, enforceability or validity of any licensed patent. 

We
are responsible for preparing, filing, prosecuting and maintaining all patent applications and patents included in the licensed patents
that we intend to pursue within the territory. 

Under
the terms of the agreement with Dr. Reddy s, we are obligated to pay up to an aggregate of 40 million related to CTCL approvals
in the U.S. and other markets, up to 70 million in development milestones for additional indications, and up to 300 million for commercial
sales milestones. We also must pay on a fiscal quarter basis tiered royalties equal to low double-digit percentages of net product sales.
The royalties will end on the earlier of (i) the 15-year anniversary of the first commercial sale of the latest indication that received
regulatory approval in the applicable country and (ii) the date on which a biosimilar product results in the reduction of net sales in
the applicable product by 50 in two consecutive quarters, as compared to the four quarters prior to the first commercial sale of the
biosimilar product. We will also pay to Dr. Reddy s an amount equal to a low-thirties percentage of any sublicense upfront consideration
or milestone payments (or the like) received by us and the greater of (i) a low-thirties percentage of any sublicensee sales-based royalties
or (ii) a mid-single digit percentage of such licensee s net sales. 

Also
under the agreement with Dr. Reddy s, we are required to (i) use commercially reasonable efforts to make commercially available
products in the CTCL indication, peripheral T-cell lymphoma indication and immuno-oncology indication, (ii) initiate two investigator
initiated immuno-oncology trials, (iii) use commercially reasonable efforts to achieve each of the approval milestones, and (iv) to complete
each specified immuno-oncology investigator trial on or before the four-year anniversary of the effective date of the definitive agreement.
Additionally, we are required to commercially launch a product in a territory within six months of receiving regulatory approval for
such product in each such jurisdiction. 

13 

Mino-Lok
Intellectual Property 

In
May 2014, our subsidiary LMB entered into a patent and technology license agreement with Novel Anti-Infective Therapeutics, Inc. NAT ),
who licensed the intellectual property from MDACC, to develop and commercialize Mino-Lok on an exclusive, worldwide (except for South
America), sub-licensable basis. LMB incurred a one-time license fee in May 2014. On March 20, 2017, LMB entered into an amendment to
the license agreement that expanded the licensed territory to include South America, providing LMB with worldwide rights. We are obligated
to pay annual maintenance fees that increase annually until reaching a designated amount, which we must pay until the first sale of product.
We also must pay up to an aggregate of approximately 1.1 million in milestone payments, depending on the achievement of various regulatory
and commercial milestones. Under the terms of the license agreement, we also must pay a royalty equal to mid-single digit percentages
to low-double digit percentages of net sales, depending on the level of sales in that year, and subject to downward adjustment to lower-
to mid-single digit percentages in the event there is no valid patent for the product in the country of sale at the time of sale. After
the first sale of product, we will owe an annual minimum royalty payment that will increase annually until reaching a designated amount,
which we must pay for the duration of the term. We will be responsible for all patent expenses for the term of the agreement although
MDACC is responsible for filing, prosecution and maintenance of all patents. 

Unless
earlier terminated by NAT based on the failure to achieve certain development or commercial milestones, the license agreement remains
in effect until the date that all patents licensed under the agreement have expired and all patent applications within the licensed patent
rights have been cancelled, withdrawn or expressly abandoned. The license agreement will terminate in the event we breach any of our
payment or reporting obligations or NAT breaches any of its obligations under the agreement. NAT will have the right to terminate the
agreement if we bring or participate in an action to challenge NAT s ownership of any of the licensed patent rights. We may terminate
the license agreement upon 180 days notice. The license agreement may also be terminated upon our and NAT s mutual consent. 

Mino-Lok
is covered in relation to the composition by issued U.S. patent No. 7,601,731, entitled Antimicrobial Flush Solutions, 
which was issued on October 13, 2009. Mino-Lok is further covered in relation to its method of use by issued U.S. Patent No. 9,078,441,
which was issued on July 14, 2015. The patents provide intellectual property protection until June 7, 2024. There are corresponding patents
granted in Europe and Canada (European Patent No. EP 1644024, and Canadian Patent No. 2528522). 

Stability
Patent Application for Mino-Lok 

In
October 2018, the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office USPTO issued U.S. Patent No. 10,086,114 (the 114 patent ),
entitled Antimicrobial Solutions with Enhanced Stability. On October 9, 2019, the European Patent Office EPO granted European Patent No. 3370794, which corresponds to the 114 patent. The grant of these patents strengthens the intellectual
property protection for Mino-Lok through November 2036. While the original patents for Mino-Lok (discussed above) cover the basic composition,
this invention overcomes limitations in mixing antimicrobial solutions in which components have precipitated because of physical and/or
chemical factors, thus limiting the stability of the post-mix solutions. The scientists and technologists at MDACC have been able to
improve the stability of the post-mixed solutions through adjustments of the post-mixed pH of the solution. This may allow for longer
storage time of the ready-to-use solution. As such, the patents claiming the enhanced stability may effectively extend patent protection
for Mino-Lok beyond the 2024 expiration of the original patents since it is expected that the compositions providing enhanced stability
would be preferred over any non-stabilized versions that a competitor may introduce after June 7, 2024. Citius holds the exclusive worldwide
license which provides access to this patented technology for development and commercialization of Mino-Lok. 

Mino-Lok
has received a Qualified Infectious Disease Product QIDP designation. The QIDP designation provides New Drug Applications
an additional five years of market exclusivity, which together with the potential three years of exclusivity for the new strength and
formulation of Mino-Lok, would result in a combined total of eight years of market exclusivity regardless of patent protection. 

14 

Mino-Wrap Intellectual Property 

In January 2019, we entered into a patent and
technology license agreement with MDACC to develop and commercialize Mino-Wrap on an exclusive worldwide basis, with no rights to sub-license.
We paid a one-time upfront licensing fee upon execution of the agreement. Under the agreement, we are required to use commercially reasonable
efforts to commercialize Mino-Wrap under several regulatory scenarios and achieve milestones that are associated with these regulatory
options leading to an approval from the FDA. We are obligated to pay annual maintenance fees that increase annually until reaching a designated
amount, which we must pay until the first sale of product. We also must pay up to an aggregate of 2.1 million in milestone payments,
depending on the achievement of various regulatory and commercial milestones. Under the terms of the license agreement, we also must pay
a royalty equal to mid- to upper-single digit percentages of net sales, depending on the level of sales in that year, and subject to downward
adjustment to lower- to mid-single digit percentages in the event there is no valid patent for the product in the United States at the
time of sale. After the first sale of product, we will owe an annual minimum royalty payment that will increase annually for the duration
of the term. We will be responsible for all patent expenses incurred by MDACC for the term of the agreement although MDACC is responsible
for filing, prosecution and maintenance of all patents. 

The term of the license agreement will end on
the later of the expiration of all licensed patents, or the fifteenth anniversary of the agreement. MDACC may terminate the license agreement
at any time after four years in any country if we have not commercialized or are not actively attempting to commercialize a product in
such country. The license agreement will terminate in the event we breach any of our payment or reporting obligations or MDACC breaches
any of its obligations under the agreement. MDACC will have the right to terminate the agreement if we bring or participate in an action
to challenge MDACC s ownership of any of the licensed patent rights. We may terminate the license agreement upon 180 days 
notice. The license agreement may also be terminated upon our and MDACC s mutual consent. 

In December 2017, the USPTO issued U.S. Patent
No. 9,849,217, entitled Antimicrobial Wraps for Medical Implants. This invention overcomes limitations in breast reconstruction
utilizing tissue expanders and implants following mastectomies by providing, in certain aspects, biodegradable antimicrobial film that
may be wrapped around a medical implant such as a breast implant prior to the insertion into a subject such as a human patient. The scientists
and technologists at MDACC have developed a biodegradable covering for a medical implant comprising a highly plasticized gelatin and at
least one drug to reduce infection. Citius holds the exclusive worldwide license, which provides access to this patented technology for
development and commercialization of Mino-Wrap. 

Halo-Lido Intellectual Property 

We are developing Halo-Lido to have a unique combination
of excipients as well as unique concentrations of the active ingredients. The goal is to have a product that is optimized for stability
and activity. Once the formulation development is completed and data is obtained, we intend to apply for a patent on this new topical
formulation. 

We seek to achieve approval for Halo-Lido by utilizing
the FDA s 505(b)(2) pathway. This pathway allows an applicant to file an NDA that contains full reports of investigations of safety
and effectiveness, but where at least some of the information required for approval comes from prior studies not conducted by or for the
applicant and for which the applicant has not obtained a right of reference to such prior third-party studies. This pathway would provide
three years of market exclusivity. 

NoveCite Intellectual Property 

In October 2020, we, through our subsidiary NoveCite,
Inc., entered into a license agreement with Novellus Therapeutics Limited Licensor ), whereby NoveCite acquired an exclusive,
worldwide license, with the right to sublicense, to develop and commercialize a stem cell therapy based on the Licensor s patented
technology for the treatment of acute pneumonitis of any etiology in which inflammation is a major agent in humans. The patented technology
consists of mesenchymal stem cells MSCs derived from an induced pluripotent stem cell line that is made by Licensor using
the mRNA cell reprogramming methods in the patents covering the licensed technology. 

Upon execution of the license agreement, NoveCite
paid an upfront payment of 5,000,000 and issued to Licensor shares of Novecite s common stock representing 25 of Novecite s
currently outstanding equity. We own the other 75 of NoveCite s currently outstanding equity. 

15 

NoveCite is obligated to pay Licensor up to an
aggregate of 51,000,000 in milestone payments upon the achievement of various regulatory and developmental milestones. NoveCite also
must pay on a fiscal quarter basis a royalty equal to low double-digit percentages of net sales, commencing upon the first commercial
sale of a licensed product. This royalty is subject to downward adjustment on a product-by-product and country-by-country basis to an
upper-single digit percentage of net sales in any country in the event of the expiration of the last valid patent claim or if no valid
patent claim exists in that country. The royalty will end on the earlier of (i) the date on which a biosimilar product is first marketed,
sold, or distributed by Licensor or any third party in the applicable country or (ii) the 10-year anniversary of the date of expiration
of the last-to-expire valid patent claim in that country. In the case of a country where no licensed patent ever exists, the royalty will
end on the later of (i) the date of expiry of such licensed product s regulatory exclusivity and (ii) the 10-year anniversary of
the date of the first commercial sale of the licensed product in the applicable country. In addition, NoveCite will pay to Licensor an
amount equal to a mid-twenties percentage of any sublicensee fees it receives. 

During the term of the license agreement, NoveCite
is required to use commercially reasonable efforts to make commercially available at least one product in at least two markets: the United
States and either the United Kingdom, France, Germany, China or Japan. Additionally, NoveCite shall (i) on or before the five-year anniversary
of the date of the license agreement, file an IND for a licensed product in the field of acute pneumonitis treatment and (ii) receive
regulatory approval for a licensed product in the field of acute pneumonitis treatment in the United States or in a major market country
on or before the ten-year anniversary of the date of the license agreement. 

Pursuant to the terms of the license agreement,
NoveCite has been granted a right of first negotiation to exclusively license the rights to any new products developed or acquired by
Licensor which cannot include MSC s, that may be used within the field of acute pneumonitis treatment. After receiving notice from
the Licensor of the new product opportunity, NoveCite has 30 days to notify Licensor of its desire to negotiate a license agreement for
the new product. If such notice is given by NoveCite, the parties shall then have a period of 150 days from the date of Licensor s
notice to NoveCite to negotiate, exclusively and in good faith, the terms and conditions for the new product license agreement. 

The term of the license agreement will continue
on a country-by-country and licensed product-by-licensed product basis until the expiration of the last-to-expire royalty term for any
and all licensed products unless earlier terminated in accordance with its terms. Either party may terminate the license agreement upon
written notice if the other party is in material default or breach of the agreement, subject to cure within the designated time periods.
Either party also may terminate the license agreement if the other party files for bankruptcy or takes related actions or is unable to
pay its debts as they become due, subject to cure within the designated time period. Additionally, Licensor will have the right to terminate
the agreement if NoveCite directly or indirectly challenges the patentability, enforceability or validity of any licensed patent. NoveCite
may terminate the license agreement at any time without cause upon 90 days prior written notice. 

Licensor will be responsible for preparing, filing,
prosecuting and maintaining all patent applications and patents included in the licensed patents in the territory. Provided however, that
if Licensor decides that it is not interested in maintaining a particular licensed patent or in preparing, filing, or prosecuting a licensed
patent, it will promptly advise NoveCite in writing and NoveCite will have the right, but not the obligation, to assume such responsibilities
in the territory at NoveCite s sole cost and expense. 

During the term of the license agreement, Licensor
is prohibited from commercializing or exploiting (directly or indirectly) any product that includes mesenchymal stem cells for any purpose
in acute pneumonitis treatment (subject to certain sponsored research exceptions), or exploiting (directly or indirectly) or enabling
a third party to exploit, for any purpose in acute pneumonitis treatment or otherwise, the original licensed cell banks line or any GMP-grade
cell banks of a cell line derived therefrom and that can be used as starting material for the manufacture of products derived from the
licensed technology. During the term of the license agreement, each party is prohibited from soliciting any employee of the other party,
subject to certain exceptions. 

In July 2021, Novellus was acquired by Brooklyn.
Pursuant to this transaction, the NoveCite license was assumed by Brooklyn with all of its original terms and conditions. 

16 

Competition 

We operate in a highly competitive and regulated
industry which is subject to rapid and frequent changes. We face significant competition from organizations that are pursuing drugs that
would compete with the drug candidates that we are developing and the same or similar products that target the same conditions we intend
to treat. Due to our limited resources, we may not be able to compete successfully against these organizations, which include many large,
well-financed and experienced pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, as well as academic and research institutions and government
agencies. 

Mino-Lok Competition 

Currently, the only alternative to Mino-Lok in
the treatment of infected CVCs in CRBSI/CLABSI patients of which we are aware, is the standard of care of removing the culprit CVC and
replacing a new CVC at a different vascular site. Citius is not aware of any INDs for a salvage antibiotic lock solution and does not
expect any to be forthcoming due to the difficulty of meeting the necessary criteria to be effective and practical. 

At this time, there are no pharmacologic agents
approved in the U.S. for the prevention or treatment of CRBSIs or CLABSIs in central venous catheters. Citius is aware that there are
several agents in development for prevention but none for salvage. The most prominent of these appear to be Defencath from CorMedix Inc.
and B-Lock from Great Lakes Pharmaceuticals, Inc. GLP ). Neither of these lock solutions have been shown to be effective
in salvaging catheters in bacteremic patients as Mino-Lok is intended to do, and Citius does not expect that either would be pursued for
this indication. 

Defencath TM
 (CorMedix Inc.) 

Defencath is a formulation of Taurolidine 1.35 ,
Citrate 3.5 , and Heparin 1000 units/mL. Neutrolin is an anti-microbial catheter lock solution being developed by CorMedix to prevent
CRBSIs and to prevent clotting. In January 2015, the FDA granted Fast Track and QIDP designations for Defencath. In December 2015, CorMedix
initiated its Phase 3 clinical trial in hemodialysis patients in the United States. On June 20, 2018, CorMedix announced that it had completed
its review and source-verification of the data required for the interim analysis of the Phase 3 LOCK-IT-100 study for Neutrolin. The data
was then locked and transferred to the independent biostatistician for un-blinding and analysis, who then provided the results to the
Data and Safety Monitoring Board DSMB for its review. 

On July 25, 2018, CorMedix announced that the
DSMB had completed its review of the interim analysis of the data from the currently ongoing Phase 3 LOCK-IT-100 study for Neutrolin.
Because the pre-specified level of statistical significance was reached and efficacy had been demonstrated, the DSMB recommended the study
be terminated early. No safety concerns were reported by the DSMB based on the interim analysis. 

CorMedix submitted its NDA for Defencath to the
FDA, which accepted the NDA in August 2020. The FDA set a target review date of February 28, 2021. In March 2021, CorMedix reported that
the FDA, in its Complete Response Letter CRL ), informed CorMedix that the FDA could not approve the NDA for DefenCath in
its present form. The FDA noted concerns at the third-party manufacturing facility after a review of records requested by the FDA and
provided by the contract manufacturer CMO ). Additionally, the FDA is requiring a manual extraction study to demonstrate
that the labeled volume can be consistently withdrawn from the vials despite an existing in-process control to demonstrate fill volume
within specifications. In April 2021, CorMedix and the CMO met with the FDA to discuss proposed resolutions for the deficiencies identified
in the CRL and the Post-Application Action Letter received by the CMO from the FDA for the NDA for DefenCath. There was an agreed upon
protocol for the manual extraction study identified in the CRL, which has been successfully completed. Addressing the FDA s concerns
regarding the qualification of the filling operation necessitated adjustments in the process and generation of additional data on operating
parameters for the manufacture of DefenCath. CorMedix and the CMO determined that additional process qualification is needed with subsequent
validation to address these issues. The FDA stated that the review timeline would be determined when the NDA resubmission is received
and that it expected all corrections to facility deficiencies to be complete at the time of resubmission so that all corrective actions
may be verified during an onsite evaluation of the manufacturing facility in the next review cycle, if the FDA determines it will do an
onsite evaluation. Satisfactory resolution of these issues is required for FDA approval of the DefenCath NDA. 

17 

B-Lock 
(Great Lakes Pharmaceuticals, Inc.) 

B-Lock is a triple combination of trimethoprim,
EDTA and ethanol from Great Lakes Pharmaceuticals, Inc. GLP ). On July 24, 2012, GLP announced the initiation of a clinical
study of B-Lock. We are unaware as to the progress or results of these studies. In addition, we are not aware of any IND being filed in
the U.S. for B-Lock, nor are we aware of any clinical studies to support salvage of infected catheters in bacteremic patients. 

There has been no further public information available
on GLP. GLP s web site and phone number are no longer active and the Company believes that they have ceased operations. 

Mino-Wrap Competition 

The primary competition for Mino-Wrap would be
the existing standard of care treatment, which includes a systemic perioperative antimicrobial agent with the perioperative immersion
of the implant or irrigation of the surgical pocket with an antimicrobial solution prior to insertion of the tissue expander device. This
is also administered with immediate postoperative oral antimicrobials. 

Halo-Lido Competition 

The primary competition in the hemorrhoid market
is non-prescription OTC products. If approved by the FDA, Halo-Lido will be the only prescription product for the treatment of hemorrhoids. 

NoveCite Competition 

There are multiple participants in the cell therapy
field both in the United States and abroad. We believe that the following companies most directly compete with NoveCite in our licensed
field of acute pneumonitis treatment. 

Cynata Therapeutics Limited develops and commercializes
a proprietary mesenchymal stem cell technology under the Cymerus brand for human therapeutic use in Australia. The company s lead
therapeutic product candidate is CYP-001, which has completed a Phase 1 clinical trial for the treatment of graft versus host disease.
Cynata also develops products for the treatment of asthma, heart attack, diabetic wounds, coronary artery disease, acute respiratory distress
syndrome, brain cancer, melanoma, sepsis, osteoarthritis, and critical limb ischemia, which are in a preclinical model. 

Athersys, Inc. is a biotechnology company that
focuses on the research and development activities in the field of regenerative medicine. Its clinical development programs are focused
on treating neurological conditions, cardiovascular diseases, inflammatory and immune disorders, and pulmonary and other conditions. The
company s lead platform product includes MultiStem cell therapy, an allogeneic stem cell product, which has an ongoing Phase 2/3
clinical trial for the treatment of ARDS and has an ongoing clinical trial on Japan for the treatment of RDS. The MultiStem therapy also
is in a Phase 3 clinical study for the treatment of patients suffering from neurological damage from an ischemic stroke, as well as in
a Phase 2 clinical study for the treatment of patients with acute myocardial infarction, and has completed a Phase 1 clinical study for
the treatment of patients suffering from leukemia or various other blood-borne cancers. The company has license and collaboration agreements
with Healios K.K. to develop and commercialize MultiStem cell therapy for ischemic stroke, acute respiratory distress syndrome, and ophthalmological
indications, as well as for the treatment of liver, kidney, pancreas, and intestinal tissue diseases; and the University of Minnesota
to develop MultiStem cell therapy platform. 

Pluristem Therapeutics Inc. operates as a bio-therapeutics
company in Israel. It focuses on the research, development, clinical trial, and manufacture of placental expanded (PLX) based cell therapeutic
products and related technologies for the treatment of various ischemic, inflammatory, and hematologic conditions, as well as autoimmune
disorders. A Phase 2 study of PLX cells as a treatment for severe COVID-19 cases complicated by acute respiratory distress syndrome has
been initiated in the U.S. as well as in Europe and Israel. 

Mesoblast Limited is a biopharmaceutical company
that develops and commercializes allogeneic cellular medicines. The company offers products in the areas of cardiovascular, spine orthopedic
disorder, oncology, hematology, and immune-mediated and inflammatory diseases. Its proprietary regenerative medicine technology platform
is based on specialized cells known as mesenchymal lineage adult stem cells. In April 2020, Mesoblast initiated a Phase 3 trial using
mesenchymal stromal cells for the treatment of moderate to severe COVID-19 acute respiratory distress syndrome. The trial was halted in
December 2020 after the Data Safety Monitoring Board (DSMB) performed a third interim analysis on the trial s first 180 patients,
noting that the trial was not likely to meet the 30-day mortality reduction endpoint at the planned 300 patient enrolment. The trial was
powered to achieve a primary endpoint of 43 reduction in mortality at 30 days for treatment with remestemcelL on top of maximal care.
The DSMB recommended that the trial complete with the enrolled 222 patients, and that all be followed-up as planned. At follow-up through
day 60, remestemcel-L showed a positive but non-significant trend in overall mortality reduction across the entire population of treated
patients (n=217). In the pre-specified population of patients under age 65 (n=123), remestemcel-L reduced mortality through day 60 by
46 , but not in patients 65 or older (n=94). In an exploratory analysis through day 60, remestemcelL reduced mortality by 75 and increased
days alive off mechanical ventilation in patients under age 65 when combined with dexamethasone, in comparison with controls on dexamethasone. 

18 

I/ONTAK Competition 

The following products are approved for the systemic
treatment of advanced CTCL. 

Mogamulizumab, sold under the brand name Poteligeo,
is a humanized, afucosylated monoclonal antibody targeting CC chemokine receptor 4. The FDA approved it for treatment of relapsed or refractory
mycosis fungoides and S zary disease. 

Brentuximab vedotin, sold under the brand name
Adcetris, is an antibody-drug conjugate medication used to treat relapsed or refractory Hodgkin lymphoma and systemic anaplastic large
cell lymphoma, a type of T-cell non-Hodgkin lymphoma. It selectively targets tumor cells expressing the CD30 antigen, a defining marker
of Hodgkin lymphoma and ALC. 

Romidepsin sold under the brand name Istodax,
is a histone deacetylase HDAC inhibitor indicated for the treatment of CTCL in adult patients who have received at least
one prior systemic therapy. 

Vorinostat sold under the brand name Zolinza,
is a HDAC inhibitor indicated for the treatment of cutaneous manifestations in patients with CTCL who have progressive, persistent or
recurrent disease on or following two systemic therapies. 

There are limitations in these targeted therapies,
which often are discontinued due to toxicity and adverse events as well as a limited duration of response due to resistance over time. 

Supply and Manufacturing 

We do not currently have and we do not intend
to set up our own manufacturing facilities. We expect to use approved contract manufacturers for manufacturing our product candidates
in all stages of development after we file for FDA approval. Each of our domestic and foreign contract manufacturing establishments, including
any contract manufacturers we may decide to use, must be listed in the NDA or the BLA, as applicable, and must be registered with the
FDA. Also, the FDA imposes substantial annual fees on manufacturers of branded products. 

In general, our suppliers purchase raw materials
and supplies on the open market. Substantially all such materials are obtainable from a number of sources so that the loss of any one
source of supply would not have a material adverse effect on us. 

If we elect to conduct product development and
manufacturing, we will be subject to regulation under various federal and state laws, including the Occupational Safety and Health Act,
the Environmental Protection Act, the Toxic Substances Control Act, the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act, the Controlled Substances
Act and other present and potential future federal, state or local regulations. 

We have contracted with proven suppliers and manufacturers
for active pharmaceutical ingredient, development and packaging. We are confident that all materials meet or will meet specifications
discussed at the chemistry, manufacturing and controls meeting with the FDA. 

Regulation 

United States Government Regulation 

The research, development, testing, manufacture,
labeling, promotion, advertising, distribution and marketing, among other things, of our product candidates are extensively regulated
by governmental authorities in the United States and other countries. All of our current product candidates are considered drugs. Consequently,
we intend to submit an NDA to the FDA for each of Mino-Lok, Halo-Lido, Mino-Wrap and a BLA to the FDA for each of I/ONTAK and NoveCite. 

19 

In the United States, the FDA regulates drugs
under the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act and the agency s implementing regulations. If we fail to comply with the applicable
United States requirements at any time during the product development process, including clinical testing, as well as at any time before
and after the approval process, we may become subject to administrative or judicial sanctions. These sanctions could include the FDA s
refusal to approve pending applications, license suspension or revocation, withdrawal of an approval, warning letters, adverse publicity,
product recalls, product seizures, total or partial suspension of production or distribution, injunctions, fines, civil penalties or criminal
prosecution. Any agency enforcement action could have a material adverse effect on our company and its operations. 

Before any of our drug product candidates may
be marketed in the United States, it must be approved by the FDA. The steps required before a drug may be approved for marketing in the
United States generally include: 

preclinical laboratory and animal tests, and formulation studies; 

the submission to the FDA of an IND application for human clinical testing that must become effective before human clinical trials may begin; 

adequate and well-controlled human clinical trials to establish the safety and efficacy of the product candidate for each indication for which approval is sought; 

the submission to the FDA of an NDA or a BLA and the FDA s acceptance of the NDA or BLA for filing; 

satisfactory completion of an FDA inspection of the manufacturing facilities at which the product is to be produced to assess compliance with the FDA s current Good Manufacturing Practices cGMP and 

FDA review and approval of the NDA or BLA. 

Foreign Regulation 

We and any of our collaborative partners may be
subject to widely varying foreign regulations, which may be different from those of the FDA, governing clinical trials, manufacture, product
registration and approval and pharmaceutical sales. Whether or not FDA approval has been obtained, we or our collaboration partners must
obtain a separate approval for a product by the comparable regulatory authorities of foreign countries prior to the commencement of product
marketing in such countries. In certain countries, regulatory authorities also establish pricing and reimbursement criteria. The approval
process varies from country to country, and the time may be longer or shorter than that required for FDA approval. In addition, under
current United States law, there are restrictions on the export of products not approved by the FDA, depending on the country involved
and the status of the product in that country. 

Employees 

As of September 30, 2021, we had fifteen employees
and various consultants providing support. Through our consulting and collaboration arrangements, and including our Scientific Advisory
Board, we have access to more than 30 additional professionals, who possess significant expertise in business development, legal, accounting,
regulatory affairs, clinical operations and manufacturing. We also rely upon a network of consultants to support our clinical studies
and manufacturing efforts. 

Executive Officers of Citius 

Myron Holubiak, President, Chief
Executive Officer and Director Mr. Holubiak, 74, was appointed President, Chief Executive Officer and Director in March 2016.
He previously served as a Director of Citius since October 2015 and was the founder and Chief Executive Officer and President of Leonard-Meron
Biosciences, Inc., an acquired subsidiary of Citius, from March 2013 until March 2016. 

20 

Leonard Mazur , Executive Chairman
and Secretary Mr. Mazur, 76, has been a member of the Board since September 2014. Mr. Mazur previously served as Chief Executive
Officer, President, and Chief Operating Officer from September 2014 until March 2016. 

Jaime Bartushak , Chief Financial
Officer and Principal Financial Officer Mr. Bartushak, 54, was appointed as Chief Financial Officer in November 2017. Previously,
he was one of the founders and Chief Financial Officer of Leonard-Meron Biosciences, Inc., an acquired subsidiary of Citius. 

Myron Czuczman , Chief Medical Officer
and Executive Vice President Dr. Czuczman, 62 was appointed as Chief Medical Officer and Executive Vice President in July 2020.
Dr. Czuczman previously served as Vice President, Global Clinical Research and Development, Therapeutic Head of Lymphoma/CLL at Celgene
Corporation. 

Other Information 

We make available, free of charge through our
website, our annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and all amendments to those reports
as soon as is reasonably practicable after such material is electronically filed with or furnished to the SEC pursuant to Section 13(a)
or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). The SEC maintains an Internet site that
contains these reports at www.sec.gov. 

Our website address is http://www.citiuspharma.com .
The information contained in, or that can be accessed through, our website is not part of this report. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 

This report contains forward-looking statements
that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially from those discussed in this report. Factors that could
cause or contribute to these differences include, but are not limited to, those discussed below and elsewhere in this report. 

If any of the following risks, or other
risks not presently known to us or that we currently believe to not be significant, develop into actual events, then our business, financial
condition, results of operations or prospects could be materially adversely affected. If that happens, the market price of our securities
could decline, and stockholders may lose all or part of their investment. 

Risks Related to Our Business and our Industry 

We have a history of net losses and expect
to incur losses for the foreseeable future. We may never generate revenues or, if we are able to generate revenues, achieve profitability. 

We were formed in 2007 and since our inception
have incurred a net loss in each of our previous operating years. Our ability to become profitable depends upon our ability to obtain
marketing approval for and generate revenues from sales of our product candidates. We have been focused on product development, have not
received approval for any of our product candidates, and have not generated any revenues to date. We have incurred losses in each period
of our operations, and we expect to continue to incur losses for the foreseeable future. These losses are likely to continue to adversely
affect our working capital, total assets and stockholders equity. The process of developing our product candidates requires significant
clinical development, laboratory testing and clinical trials. In addition, commercialization of our product candidates will require that
we obtain necessary regulatory approvals and establish sales, marketing and manufacturing capabilities, either through internal hiring
or through contractual relationships with others. We expect to incur substantial losses for the foreseeable future as a result of anticipated
increases in our research and development costs, including costs associated with conducting preclinical testing and clinical trials, and
regulatory compliance activities. We incurred net losses of 23,054,434 and 17,548,085 for the years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020,
respectively. At September 30, 2021, we had stockholders equity of 132,182,353 and an accumulated deficit of 96,047,821. Our
net cash used in operating activities was 24,250,414 and 16,930,658 for the years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

21 

Our ability to generate revenues and achieve profitability
will depend on numerous factors, including success in: 

developing and testing product candidates; 

receiving regulatory approvals for our product candidates; 

commercializing our product candidates that receive regulatory approval; 

manufacturing commercial quantities of our product candidates at acceptable cost levels; 

obtaining medical insurance coverage for any approved product candidate; and 

establishing a favorable competitive position for any approved product candidates. 

Many of these factors will depend on circumstances
beyond our control. We cannot assure you that any of our product candidates will be approved by the FDA or any foreign regulatory body
or obtain medical insurance coverage, that we will successfully bring any approved product to market or, if so, that we will ever become
profitable. 

Ability to continue as a going concern. 

At September 30, 2021, we estimated that we have
sufficient capital to continue our operations through March 2023. You should not rely on our consolidated balance sheet as an indication
of the amount of proceeds that would be available to satisfy claims of creditors, and potentially be available for distribution to stockholders,
in the event of liquidation. 

The Company has generated no operating revenue
to date and has principally raised capital through the issuance of debt and equity instruments to finance its operations. However, the
Company s continued operations beyond March 2023, including its development plans for Mino-Lok, Mino-Wrap, Halo-Lido, Novecite and
I/ONTAK, will depend on its ability to obtain regulatory approval to market Mino-Lok and generate substantial revenue from the sale of
Mino-Lok and on its ability to raise additional capital through various potential sources, such as equity and/or debt financings, strategic
relationships, or out-licensing of its product candidates. However, the Company can provide no assurances on the approval, commercialization
or future sales of Mino-Lok or that financing or strategic relationships will be available on acceptable terms, or at all. If the Company
is unable to raise sufficient capital, find strategic partners or generate substantial revenue from the sale of Mino-Lok, there would
be a material adverse effect on its business. Further, the Company expects in the future to incur additional expenses as it continues
to develop its product candidates, including seeking regulatory approval, and protecting its intellectual property. 

We need to secure additional financing in
the future to complete the development of our current product candidates and support our operations. 

We anticipate that we will incur operating losses
for the foreseeable future as we continue developing our product candidates. The amount and timing of our future funding requirements
will depend on many factors, including, but not limited to: 

the rate of progress and cost of our trials and other product development programs for our current product candidates; 

the costs and timing of obtaining licenses for additional product candidates or acquiring other complementary technologies; 

the timing of any regulatory approvals of any of our product candidates; 

the costs of establishing or contracting for sales, marketing and distribution capabilities for our product candidates; and 

the status, terms and timing of any collaborative, licensing, co-promotion or other arrangements. 

22 

We will need to access the capital markets in
the future for additional capital for research and development and for operations. As of the date of this report, we do not anticipate
seeking additional capital until sometime in 2023. Traditionally, pharmaceutical companies have funded their research and development
expenditures through raising capital in the equity markets. Declines and uncertainties in these markets over the past several years have
severely restricted raising new capital and have affected companies abilities to continue to expand or fund existing research and
development efforts. The COVID-19 pandemic could also adversely impact future fundraising activities. If the COVID-19 pandemic and related
and/or other economic conditions continue or become worse, our future cost of equity or debt capital and access to the capital markets
could be adversely affected. If we are not successful in securing additional financing, we may be required to significantly delay, reduce
the scope of or eliminate one or more of our research or development programs, downsize our general and administrative infrastructure,
or seek alternative measures to avoid insolvency, including arrangements with collaborative partners or others that may require us to
relinquish rights to certain of our technologies or product candidates. 

We are primarily a late-stage development
company with an unproven business strategy and may never achieve commercialization of our therapeutic product candidates or profitability. 

We have no approved products. All of our current
product candidates are in the pre-clinical or clinical stage. We rely on third parties to conduct the research and development activities
for our product candidates. Further, we have no sales or marketing capability at this time. Even if we decide to use collaborative partners
to assist us in the commercialization of our product candidates, our product commercialization capabilities are unproven. Our success
will depend upon our ability to develop such capabilities on our own or to enter into collaboration agreements on favorable terms and
to select an appropriate commercialization strategy for each product candidate that we choose to pursue and that receive approval, whether
on our own or in collaboration. If we are not successful in implementing our strategy to commercialize our product candidates, we may
never achieve, maintain or increase profitability. Our ability to successfully commercialize any of our product candidates will depend,
among other things, on our ability to: 

successfully complete pre-clinical and clinical trials for our product candidates; 

receive marketing approvals from the FDA and similar foreign regulatory authorities for our product candidates; 

establish commercial manufacturing arrangements with third-party manufacturers for our product candidates; 

produce, through a validated process, sufficiently large quantities of our drug compound(s) to permit successful commercialization of our product candidates; 

build and maintain strong sales, distribution and marketing capabilities sufficient to launch commercial sales of any approved products or establish collaborations with third parties for such commercialization; 

secure acceptance of any approved products from physicians, health care payers, patients and the medical community; and 

manage our spending as costs and expenses increase due to clinical trials, regulatory applications and development and commercialization activities. 

There are no guarantees that we will be successful
in completing these tasks. If we are unable to successfully complete these tasks, we may not be able to commercialize any of our product
candidates in a timely manner, or at all, in which case we may be unable to generate sufficient revenues to sustain and grow our business.
If we experience unanticipated delays or problems, our development costs could substantially increase and our business, financial condition
and results of operations will be adversely affected. 

23 

We have a limited operating history upon
which to evaluate our ability to successfully commercialize our product candidates. 

We are a clinical stage company and our success
is dependent upon our ability to obtain regulatory approval for and commercialize our product candidates and we, as a company, have not
demonstrated an ability to perform the functions necessary for the approval or successful commercialization of any product candidates.
While various members of our executive management and key employees have significant prior experience in pharmaceutical development, as
a company we have to date not successfully completed any late-stage clinical trials nor undertaken any commercialization activities. Our
operations have been limited primarily to business planning, acquiring our proprietary technology, research and development, recruiting
management and technical staff, and raising capital. These operations provide a limited basis for you to assess our ability to successfully
commercialize our product candidates and the advisability of investing in our securities. 

The COVID-19 pandemic may materially and
adversely affect our clinical trial operations and our financial results. 

The COVID-19 pandemic has adversely impacted hospitals
and medical facilities where we are currently conducting our Mino-Lok phase 3 trial. The full extent to which COVID-19 may impact this
trial is not known at this time, but it has slowed the estimated completion date for the trial, which we now expect to be in 2022. This
same risk applies to planned clinical trials for our other product candidates. The exact duration of the delay and any other impact will
depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted with confidence, such as the duration of the outbreak,
the severity of COVID-19, or the effectiveness of actions to contain and treat for COVID-19. The continued spread of COVID-19 also could
adversely impact our ability to recruit and retain patients and principal investigators and site staff who, as healthcare providers, may
have heightened exposure to COVID-19, which could further negatively impact the Mino-Lok trial. In addition, if the FDA elects to delay
face-to-face meetings for an extended period of time due to COVID-19, it could have a material adverse effect on our Mino-Lok trial and
our other product candidates. Any or all of these events could increase our operating expenses and the length of time to complete the
trial and have a material adverse effect on our financial results. 

We may choose not to continue developing
any of our product candidates at any time during development, which would reduce or eliminate our potential return on investment for those
product candidates. 

At any time, we may decide to discontinue the
development of any of our product candidates for a variety of reasons, including inadequate financial resources, the appearance of new
technologies that render our product candidates obsolete, competition from a competing product or changes in or failure to comply with
applicable regulatory requirements. If we terminate a program in which we have invested significant resources, we will not receive any
return on our investment and we will have missed the opportunity to allocate those resources to potentially more productive uses. 

As an example, on July 1, 2016, we announced that
we were discontinuing the development of Suprenza, which was our first commercial product candidate, for strategic reasons and not due
to safety or regulatory concerns, in order to focus our management and cash resources on the Phase 3 development of Mino-Lok and the Phase
2b development of Halo-Lido. The resources expended on Suprenza therefore did not provide us any benefit. 

We face significant risks in our product
candidate development efforts. 

Our business depends on the successful development
and commercialization of our product candidates. We are not permitted to market any of our product candidates in the United States until
we receive approval from the FDA, or in any foreign jurisdiction until we receive the requisite approvals from such jurisdiction. The
process of developing new drugs and/or therapeutic products is inherently complex, unpredictable, time-consuming, expensive and uncertain.
We must make long-term investments and commit significant resources before knowing whether our development programs will result in products
that will receive regulatory approval and achieve market acceptance. Product candidates that appear to be promising at some or all stages
of development may not receive approval or reach the market for a number of reasons that may not be predictable based on results and data
of the clinical program. Product candidates may be found ineffective or may cause harmful side effects during clinical trials, may take
longer to progress through clinical trials than had been anticipated, may not be able to achieve the pre-defined clinical endpoints due
to statistical anomalies even though clinical benefit may have been achieved, may fail to receive necessary regulatory approvals, may
prove impracticable to manufacture in commercial quantities at reasonable cost and with acceptable quality, or may fail to achieve market
acceptance. 

24 

We cannot predict whether or when we will obtain
regulatory approval to commercialize our product candidates that are under development and we cannot, therefore, predict the timing of
any future revenues from these product candidates, if any. The FDA has substantial discretion in the drug approval process, including
the ability to delay, limit or deny approval of a product candidate for many reasons. For example, the FDA: 

could determine that we cannot rely on Section 505(b)(2) for Mino-Lok or Halo-Lido or any future product candidate whose composition includes components previously approved by the FDA; 

could determine that the information provided by us was inadequate, contained clinical deficiencies or otherwise failed to demonstrate the safety and effectiveness of any of our product candidates for any indication; 

may not find the data from clinical trials sufficient to support the submission of an NDA or BLA or to obtain marketing approval in the United States, including any findings that the clinical and other benefits of our product candidates outweigh their safety risks; 

may disagree with our trial design or our interpretation of data from preclinical studies or clinical trials, or may change the requirements for approval even after it has reviewed and commented on the design for our trials; 

may determine that we have identified the wrong reference listed drug or drugs or that approval of a Section 505(b)(2) application for any of our product candidates is blocked by patent or non-patent exclusivity of the reference listed drug or drugs; 

may identify deficiencies in the manufacturing processes or facilities of third-party manufacturers with which we enter into agreements for the manufacture of our product candidates; 

may approve our product candidates for fewer or more limited indications than we request, or may grant approval contingent on the performance of costly post-approval clinical trials; 

may change its approval policies or adopt new regulations that could adversely impact our product candidate development programs; or 

may not approve the labeling claims that we believe are necessary or desirable for the successful commercialization of our product candidates, or may require labeling claims that impair the potential market acceptance of our product candidates. 

These same risks are generally applicable to the
regulatory process in foreign countries. Any failure to obtain regulatory approval of our product candidates would significantly limit
our ability to generate revenues, and any failure to obtain such approval for all of the indications and labeling claims we deem desirable
could reduce our potential revenues. 

While our business strategy generally is
to focus on the development of late-stage product candidates to lessen the development risk, there is still significant risk to successfully
developing a product candidate. 

Our goal in generally pursuing late-stage therapeutic
product candidates with what we believe is a promising pre-clinical and early clinical stage track record is to avoid the risk of failure
at the pre-clinical and early clinical stages. However, there is still significant risk to obtaining regulatory approval and successfully
commercializing any late-stage product candidate that we pursue. All of the risks inherent in drug development of initial stage product
candidates also apply to late-stage candidates. We cannot assure you that our business strategy will be successful. 

25 

The results of pre-clinical studies and
completed clinical trials are not necessarily predictive of future results, and our current product candidates may not have favorable
results in later studies or trials. 

Pre-clinical studies and Phase 1 and Phase 2 clinical
trials are not primarily designed to test the efficacy of a product candidate in the general population, but rather to test initial safety,
to study pharmacokinetics and pharmacodynamics, to study limited efficacy in a small number of study patients in a selected disease population,
and to identify and attempt to understand the product candidate s side effects at various doses and dosing schedules. Success in
pre-clinical studies or completed clinical trials does not ensure that later studies or trials, including continuing pre-clinical studies
and large-scale clinical trials, will be successful nor does it predict future results. Favorable results in early studies or trials may
not be repeated in later studies or trials, and product candidates in later stage trials may fail to show acceptable safety and efficacy
despite having progressed through earlier trials. In addition, the placebo rate in larger studies may be higher than expected. 

We may be required to demonstrate through large,
long-term outcome trials that our product candidates are safe and effective for use in a broad population prior to obtaining regulatory
approval. This would increase the duration and cost of any such trial. 

There is typically a high rate of attrition from
the failure of product candidates proceeding through clinical trials. In addition, certain subjects in our clinical trials may respond
positively to placebo treatment - these subjects are commonly known as placebo responders - making it more difficult to
demonstrate efficacy of the trial drug compared to placebo. This effect is likely to be observed in the treatment of hemorrhoids, which
could negatively impact the development program for Halo-Lido. 

If any of our product candidates fail to demonstrate
sufficient safety and efficacy in any clinical trial, we will experience potentially significant delays and cost increases in, or may
decide to abandon development of, that product candidate. If we abandon or are delayed, or experience increased costs, in our development
efforts related to any of our product candidates, we may not have sufficient resources to continue or complete development of that product
candidate or any other product candidates. We may not be able to continue our operations and clinical studies, or generate any revenue
or become profitable. Our reputation in the industry and in the investment community would likely be significantly damaged. Further, it
might not be possible for us to raise funds in the public or private markets, and our stock price would likely decrease significantly. 

If we are unable to file for approval of
Mino-Lok or Halo-Lido under Section 505(b)(2) of the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act, or if we are required to generate additional
data related to safety and efficacy in order to obtain approval of Mino-Lok or Halo-Lido under Section 505(b)(2), we may be unable to
meet our anticipated development and commercialization timelines. 

Our current plans for filing NDAs or BLAs for
our product candidates include efforts to minimize the data we will be required to generate in order to obtain marketing approval for
certain of our product candidates and therefore possibly reduce the time and cost of development of a product candidate and obtain a shortened
review period for the application. The timeline for filing and review of our planned NDA for each of Mino-Lok and Halo-Lido is based upon
our plan to submit each such NDA under Section 505(b)(2) of the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act, wherein we will rely in part on data
generated by third parties and that is in the public domain or elsewhere. Depending on the data that may be required by the FDA for approval,
some of the data may be related to products already approved by the FDA. If the data relied upon is related to products already approved
by the FDA and covered by third-party patents, we would be required to certify that we do not infringe the listed patents or that such
patents are invalid or unenforceable. As a result of the certification, the third party would have 45 days from notification of our certification
to initiate an action against us. In the event that an action is brought in response to such a certification, the approval of our NDA
could be subject to a stay of up to 30 months or more while we defend against such a suit. Approval of any product candidate under Section
505(b)(2) may therefore be delayed until patent exclusivity expires or until we successfully challenge the applicability of those patents
applicable to our product candidates. Alternatively, we may elect to generate sufficient additional clinical data so that we no longer
rely on data which triggers a potential stay of the approval of any product candidate. Even if no exclusivity periods apply to an application
under Section 505(b)(2), the FDA has broad discretion to require us to generate additional data on the safety and efficacy of our product
candidates to supplement third-party data on which we may be permitted to rely. In either event, we could be required, before obtaining
marketing approval for such product candidate, to conduct substantial new research and development activities beyond those in which we
currently plan to engage in order to obtain approval of that product candidate. Such additional new research and development activities
would be costly and time consuming. 

We may not be able to obtain shortened review
of our applications where available, and in any event the FDA may not agree that any of our product candidates qualify for marketing approval.
If we are required to generate additional data to support approval, we may be unable to meet our anticipated development and commercialization
timelines, may be unable to generate the additional data at a reasonable cost, or at all, and may be unable to obtain marketing approval
of that product candidate. In addition, notwithstanding the approval of many products by the FDA pursuant to Section 505(b)(2), over the
last few years, some pharmaceutical companies and others have objected to the FDA s interpretation of Section 505(b)(2). If the
FDA changes its interpretation of Section 505(b)(2), or if the FDA s interpretation is successfully challenged in court, this could
delay or even prevent the FDA from approving any Section 505(b)(2) application that we submit. 

26 

Two of our product candidates, Mino-Lok
and Halo-Lido, are combination products consisting of components that have each been separately approved by the FDA for other indications
and which are commercially available and marketed by other companies. Our approval under Section 505(b)(2), if received, would not preclude
physicians, pharmacists and patients from obtaining individual drug products and titrating the dosage of these drug products as close
to our approved dose as possible. 

Our Mino-Lok solution contains minocycline, disodium
ethylenediaminetetraacetic acid (edetate), and ethyl alcohol, all of which have been separately approved by the FDA for other indications,
or are used as excipients in other parenteral products. Assuming FDA approval as a branded pharmaceutical product, we would need to obtain
hospital formulary acceptance to generate sales of Mino-Lok. Additionally, we may encounter reluctance by the infectious disease physician
community to vary from the existing standard of care to remove and replace an infected catheter. Currently, hospitals are reimbursed for
the treatment of CRBSIs by the Center for Medicare and Medicare Services CMS through a Diagnosis Related Group DRG classification or code. Commercial insurance plans reimburse for CRBSIs in a similar manner. With Mino-Lok being priced as a branded FDA-approved
pharmaceutical product, this could result in the participating hospital retaining a lower share of CMS or commercial reimbursement which
may impact the acceptance and use of Mino-Lok by these institutions. 

Our Halo-Lido product candidate for the treatment
of hemorrhoids is a combination product consisting of two drugs, halobetasol propionate, a corticosteroid, and lidocaine, that have each
been separately approved by the FDA for other indications and which are commercially available and marketed by other companies. Halobetasol
propionate cream is available in a 0.05 strength, and lidocaine creams are also available in strengths up to 5 . From our market analysis
and discussions with a limited number of physicians, we know that patients sometimes obtain two separate cream products and co-administer
them as prescribed, giving them a combination treatment which could be very similar to what we intend to study and seek approval for.
As a branded, FDA-approved product with safety and efficacy data, we intend to price our product substantially higher than the generically
available individual creams. We will then have to convince third-party payers and pharmacy benefit managers of the advantages of our product
and justify our premium pricing. We may encounter resistance from these entities and will then be dependent on patients willingness
to pay the premium and not seek alternatives. In addition, pharmacists often suggest lower cost prescription treatment alternatives to
both physicians and patients. If approved, our Section 505(b)(2) approval and the market exclusivity we may receive will not guarantee
that such alternatives will not exist, that substitution will not occur, or that there will be immediate or any acceptance to our pricing
by payer formularies . 

Any fast track designation or grant of priority
review status by the FDA may not actually lead to a faster development or regulatory review or approval process, nor will it assure FDA
approval of our product candidates. Additionally, our product candidates may treat indications that do not qualify for priority review
vouchers. 

We have received fast track designation for Mino-Lok
to treat and salvage infected central venous catheters in patients with CRBSIs. We may seek fast track designation for some of our other
product candidates or priority review of applications for approval of our product candidates for certain indications. If a drug is intended
for the treatment of a serious or life-threatening condition and the drug demonstrates the potential to address unmet medical needs for
this condition, the drug sponsor may apply for the FDA fast track designation. If a product candidate offers major advances in treatment,
the FDA may designate it eligible for priority review. The FDA has broad discretion whether or not to grant these designations, so even
if we believe a particular product candidate is eligible for these designations, we cannot assure you that the FDA would decide to grant
them. Even with the fast track designation for Mino-Lok and if we do receive fast track designation or priority review for any other product
candidate, we may not experience a faster development process, review or approval compared to conventional FDA procedures. The FDA may
withdraw fast track designation from Mino-Lok or any other product candidate to be so designated if it believes that the designation is
no longer supported by data from our clinical development program. 

27 

We do not own NoveCite, Inc. outright and
will share any benefits from the development of its NoveCite product candidate with the other stockholder. 

As of November 30, 2021, we owned 75 of the outstanding
common stock of NoveCite. As a result, we will only be entitled to a portion of any benefits that flow from the development by NoveCite
of its NoveCite product candidate or any other product candidates that it might develop. In the event that NoveCite issues additional
equity securities in the future this would likely reduce our percentage ownership, unless we were to increase our investment, which would
further reduce the portion of any benefit that might be derived from the NoveCite drug candidate s successful development. 

Any FDA programs related to the development
and approval of treatments for COVID-19 and its symptoms may not be available to us or actually lead to a faster development or regulatory
review or approval process for NoveCite, our proposed treatment for ARDS, nor will it assure FDA approval of such a treatment. 

We intend to develop NoveCite under the FDA s
Coronavirus Treatment Acceleration Program, or CTAP. The CTAP program was designed to accelerate the development of COVID-19 treatments
via faster communications and regulatory review protocols. In late April 2020, we made a pre-IND submission to the FDA for this treatment
and requested the FDA s feedback to support the most expeditious pathway for clinical development of the therapy. The CTAP program
has only recently begun and the FDA has broad discretion in administering the CTAP program and therefore we cannot assure you what the
FDA might decide. Even though we believe that the response from the FDA was favorable, we did not specifically request guidance on the
CTAP program we may encounter problems at a later date under the CTAP program, or with the therapy itself, and we may not experience a
faster development process, review or approval compared to conventional FDA procedures. 

Because our NoveCite product candidate is
based on novel technologies, it is difficult to predict the regulatory approval process and the time, the cost and our ability to successfully
initiate, conduct and complete clinical development, and obtain the necessary regulatory and reimbursement approvals, required for commercialization
of our NoveCite product candidate. 

NoveCite s cell programming technology and
platform for generating cell therapy products using allogenic mesenchymal stem cells derived from iPSCs represent novel therapeutic approaches,
and to our knowledge there are currently no iPSC-derived cell products approved anywhere in the world for commercial sale. As such, it
is difficult to accurately predict the type and scope of challenges that NoveCite may incur during development of its NoveCite product
candidate, and it faces uncertainties associated with the preclinical and clinical development, manufacture and regulatory requirements
for the initiation and conduct of clinical trials, regulatory approval, and reimbursement required for successful commercialization of
its NoveCite product candidate. In addition, because NoveCite s iPSC-derived cell product candidate is in the pre-clinical stage,
NoveCite is currently assessing safety in humans and have not yet been able to assess the long-term effects of treatment. Animal models
and assays may not accurately predict the safety and efficacy of our product candidate in our target patient populations, and appropriate
models and assays may not exist for demonstrating the safety and purity of the NoveCite product candidate, as required by the FDA and
other regulatory authorities for ongoing clinical development and regulatory approval. 

The pre-clinical and clinical development, manufacture,
and regulatory requirements for approval of the NoveCite product candidate may be more expensive and take longer than for other more well-known
or extensively studied pharmaceutical or biopharmaceutical product candidates due to a lack of prior experiences on the side of both developers
and regulatory agencies. Additionally, due to the uncertainties associated with the pre-clinical and clinical development, manufacture,
and regulatory requirements for approval of the NoveCite product candidate, NoveCite may be required to modify or change its pre-clinical
and clinical development plans or its manufacturing activities and plans, or be required to meet stricter regulatory requirements for
approval. Any such modifications or changes could delay or prevent NoveCite s ability to develop, manufacture, obtain regulatory
approval or commercialize its NoveCite product candidate, which would adversely affect NoveCite s and our business, financial condition
and results of operations. 

Cellular immunotherapies, and stem cell therapies
and iPSC-derived cell therapies in particular, represent relatively new therapeutic areas, and the FDA has cautioned consumers about potential
safety risks associated with cell therapies. To date, there are relatively few approved cell therapies. As a result, the regulatory approval
process for a product candidate such as NoveCite is uncertain and may be more expensive and take longer than the approval process for
product candidates based on other, better known or more extensively studied technologies and therapeutic approaches. For example, there
are currently no FDA approved products with a label designation that supports the use of a product to treat and reduce the severity of
ARDS in patients with COVID-19, which makes it difficult to determine the clinical endpoints and data required to support an application
or regulatory approval, and the time and cost required to obtain regulatory approval in the United States for our product candidate. 

28 

Regulatory requirements in the United States governing
cell therapy products have changed frequently and the FDA or other regulatory bodies may change the requirements, or identify different
regulatory pathways, for approval of the NoveCite product candidate. For example, within the FDA, the Center for Biologics Evaluation
and Research, or CBER, restructured and created a new Office of Tissues and Advanced Therapies to better align its oversight activities
with FDA Centers for Drugs and Medical Devices. It is possible that over time new or different divisions may be established or be granted
the responsibility for regulating cell and/or gene therapy products, including iPSC-derived cell products, such as the NoveCite product
candidate. As a result, NoveCite may be required to change its regulatory strategy or to modify its applications for regulatory approval,
which could delay and impair its ability to complete the pre-clinical and clinical development and manufacture of, and obtain regulatory
approval for, its NoveCite product candidate. Changes in regulatory authorities and advisory groups, or any new requirements or guidelines
they promulgate, may lengthen the regulatory review process, require NoveCite to perform additional studies, increase its development
and manufacturing costs, lead to changes in regulatory pathways, positions and interpretations, delay or prevent approval and commercialization
of the NoveCite product candidate or lead to significant post-approval limitations or restrictions. As NoveCite advances its NoveCite
product candidate, NoveCite will be required to consult with the FDA and other regulatory authorities, and its NoveCite product candidate
will likely be reviewed by an FDA advisory committee. NoveCite also must comply with applicable requirements, and if it fails to do so,
it may be required to delay or discontinue development of its NoveCite product candidate. Delays or unexpected costs in obtaining, or
the failure to obtain, the regulatory approval necessary to bring the NoveCite product candidate to market could impair NoveCite s
and our ability to generate sufficient product revenues to maintain our respective businesses. 

NoveCite has assumed that the biological
capabilities of iPSCs and adult-donor derived cells are likely to be comparable. If it is discovered that this assumption is incorrect,
the NoveCite product candidate research and development activities could be harmed. 

NoveCite anticipates that its research and development
for its NoveCite product candidate will involve iPSCs, rather than adult-donor derived cells. With respect to iPSCs, NoveCite believes
that scientists are still somewhat uncertain about the clinical utility, life span, and safety of such cells, and whether such cells differ
in any clinically significant ways from adult-donor derived cells. If NoveCite discovers that iPSCs will not be useful for whatever reason
for its NoveCite product candidate program, this would negatively affect NoveCite s ability to develop a marketable product and
it and we may never become profitable, which would have an adverse effect on our respective businesses, prospects, financial condition
and results of operations. 

Even if we receive regulatory approval to
commercialize a product candidate, our ability to generate revenues from any resulting product will be subject to a variety of risks,
many of which are out of our control. 

Even if one of our product candidates obtains
regulatory approval, that product may not gain market acceptance among physicians, patients, healthcare payers or the medical community.
The indication may be limited to a subset of the population or we may implement a distribution system and patient access program that
is limited. Coverage and reimbursement of our product candidates by third-party payers, including government payers, generally is also
necessary for commercial success. We believe that the degree of market acceptance and our ability to generate revenues from any approved
product candidate or acquired approved product will depend on a number of factors, including: 

prevalence and severity of any side effects; 

results of any post-approval studies of the product; 

potential or perceived advantages or disadvantages over alternative treatments; 

availability of coverage and reimbursement from government and other third-party payers; 

29 

the willingness of patients to pay out of pocket in the absence of government or third-party coverage; 

the relative convenience and ease of administration and dosing schedule; 

product labeling or product insert requirements of the FDA or other regulatory authorities; 

strength of sales, marketing and distribution support; 

price of any future products, if approved, both in absolute terms and relative to alternative treatments; 

the effectiveness of our or any future collaborators sales and marketing strategies; 

the effect of current and future healthcare laws on any approved products; 

patient access programs that require patients to provide certain information prior to receiving new and refill prescriptions; and 

requirements for prescribing physicians to complete certain educational programs for prescribing drugs. 

If approved, any product candidate may fail to
achieve market acceptance or generate significant revenue to achieve or sustain profitability. In addition, our efforts to educate the
medical community and third-party payers on the benefits of any product candidate may require significant resources and may never be successful. 

Even if approved for marketing by applicable
regulatory bodies, we will not be able to create a market for any of our product candidates if we fail to establish marketing, sales and
distribution capabilities, either on our own or through arrangements with third parties. 

Our strategy with our product candidates is to
outsource to third parties all or most aspects of the product development process, and possibly marketing, sales and distribution activities.
Currently, we do not have any sales, marketing or distribution capabilities. In order to generate sales of any product candidate that
receives regulatory approval, we must either acquire or develop an internal marketing and sales force with technical expertise and with
supporting distribution capabilities or make arrangements with third parties to perform these services for us. The acquisition or development
of a sales and distribution infrastructure would require substantial resources, which may divert the attention of our management and key
personnel and defer our product development efforts. To the extent that we enter into marketing and sales arrangements with other companies,
our revenues will depend on the efforts of others. These efforts may not be successful. If we fail to develop sales, marketing and distribution
channels, or enter into arrangements for such with third parties, we will experience delays in product launch and sales and incur increased
costs. 

The markets in which we operate are highly
competitive and we may be unable to compete successfully against new entrants or established companies. 

Competition in the pharmaceutical and medical
products industries is intense and is characterized by costly and extensive research efforts and rapid technological progress. We are
aware of several pharmaceutical companies also actively engaged in the development of therapies or products for at least some of the same
conditions we are targeting. Many of these companies have substantially greater research and development capabilities as well as substantially
greater marketing, financial and human resources than we do. In addition, many of these companies have significantly greater experience
than us in undertaking pre-clinical testing, clinical trials and other regulatory approval procedures. Our competitors may develop technologies
and products that are more effective than those we are researching and developing. Such developments could render our product candidates,
if approved, less competitive or possibly obsolete. We are also competing with respect to marketing capabilities and manufacturing efficiency,
areas in which we have no current capabilities and in which we have no experience as a company, although our executive officers do have
commercialization experience. However, that experience might not translate into the successful development and launch of any of our product
candidates. Mergers, acquisitions, joint ventures and similar events may also significantly increase the competition we face. In addition,
new developments, including the development of other drug technologies and methods of preventing the incidence of disease, occur in the
pharmaceutical and medical technology industries at a rapid pace. These developments may render our product candidates obsolete or noncompetitive.
Compared to us, many of our potential competitors have substantially greater as well as access to strategic partners and capital resources. 

30 

As a result of these factors, our competitors
may obtain regulatory approval of their products more rapidly than we can or may obtain patent protection or other intellectual property
rights that limit our ability to develop or commercialize our product candidates. Our competitors may also develop products that are more
effective, more useful and less costly than ours and may also be more successful in manufacturing and marketing their products. In addition,
our competitors may be more effective than us in commercializing their products and as a result, our business and prospects might be materially
harmed. 

Physicians and patients might not accept
and use any of our product candidates for which regulatory approval is obtained. 

Even if the FDA approves one of our product candidates,
physicians and patients might not accept and use it. Acceptance and use of our approved product candidates will depend upon a number of
factors, including: 

perceptions by members of the health care community, including physicians, about the safety and effectiveness of any of our product candidates; 

perceptions by members of the health care community, including physicians, about the use of our product candidates versus the then respective standards of care for the disease or problem that we seek to address with our product candidates; 

cost-effectiveness of our product candidates relative to competing products or therapies; 

availability of reimbursement for our product candidates from government or other healthcare payers; and 

effective marketing and distribution efforts by us and/or our licensees and distributors, if any. 

If any of our current product candidates are approved,
we expect their sales to generate substantially all of our revenues for the foreseeable future, and as a result, the failure of any of
these product candidates to find market acceptance would harm our business and would require us to seek additional financing. 

Our ability to generate product revenues
will be diminished if any of our product candidates that may be approved sell for inadequate prices or patients are unable to obtain adequate
levels of reimbursement. 

Our ability to commercialize our product candidates,
alone or with collaborators, will depend in part on the extent to which reimbursement will be available from: 

government and health administration authorities; 

private health maintenance organizations and health insurers; and 

other healthcare payers. 

Significant uncertainty exists as to the reimbursement
status of newly approved healthcare products. Healthcare payers, including Medicare, are challenging the prices charged for medical products
and services. Government and other healthcare payers increasingly attempt to contain healthcare costs by limiting both coverage and the
level of reimbursement for drugs. Even if our product candidates are approved by the FDA, insurance coverage might not be available, and
reimbursement levels might be inadequate, to cover our products. If government and other healthcare payers do not provide adequate coverage
and reimbursement levels for our products, once approved, market acceptance of such products could be reduced. We cannot predict whether
federal or state legislation will be passed that may impact reimbursement policies nor what the impact of any such legislation would be
on the healthcare industry in general or on our business specifically. 

31 

Health administration authorities in countries
other than the U.S. may not provide reimbursement for our products at rates sufficient for us to achieve profitability, or at all. Like
the U.S., these countries have considered health care reform proposals and could materially alter their government-sponsored health care
programs by reducing reimbursement rates. Any reduction in reimbursement rates under Medicare or foreign health care programs could negatively
affect the pricing of our product candidates. If we are not able to charge a sufficient amount for our product candidates, then our margins
and our profitability will be adversely affected. 

We are and will be dependent on third-party
contract research organizations to conduct all of our clinical trials. 

We are and will be dependent on third-party research
organizations to conduct all of our clinical trials with respect to our product candidates, including any candidates that we may develop
in the future. If we are unable to obtain any necessary testing services on acceptable terms, we may not complete our product development
efforts in a timely or cost-effective manner or at all. If we rely on third parties for human trials, we may lose some control over these
activities and become too dependent upon these parties. These third parties may not complete testing activities on schedule or when we
so request. We may not be able to secure and maintain suitable research organizations to conduct our human trials. We are responsible
for confirming that each of our clinical trials is conducted in accordance with the trial s general plan and protocol. Moreover,
the FDA and foreign regulatory agencies require us to comply with regulations and standards, commonly referred to as good clinical practices,
for conducting, recording and reporting the results of clinical trials to assure that data and reported results are credible and accurate
and that the trial participants are adequately protected. Our reliance on third parties does not relieve us of these responsibilities
and requirements. If these third parties do not successfully carry out their contractual duties or regulatory obligations or meet expected
deadlines, if the third parties need to be replaced or if the quality or accuracy of the data they obtain is compromised due to the failure
to adhere to our clinical protocols or regulatory requirements or for other reasons, our preclinical development activities or clinical
trials may be extended, delayed, suspended or terminated, and we may not be able to obtain regulatory approval for any of our product
candidates. 

We rely exclusively on third parties to
formulate and manufacture our product candidates. 

We do not have and do not intend to establish
our own manufacturing facilities. Consequently, we lack the physical plant to formulate and manufacture our product candidates, which
are currently being manufactured entirely by commercial third-party manufacturers. If any product candidate we might develop or acquire
in the future receives FDA approval, we will rely on one or more third-party contractors to manufacture our products. If, for any reason,
we become unable to rely on our current source or any future source or sources to manufacture our product candidates, either for pre-clinical
or clinical trials or for commercial quantities, then we would need to identify and contract with additional or replacement third-party
manufacturers to manufacture compounds for preclinical, clinical and commercial purposes. We might not be successful in identifying additional
or replacement third-party manufacturers, or in negotiating acceptable terms with any that we do identify. If we are unable to secure
and maintain third-party manufacturing capacity, the development and sales of our product candidates and our financial performance might
be materially and adversely affected. 

In addition, before any of our collaborators can
begin to commercially manufacture our product candidates, each must obtain regulatory approval of the manufacturing facility and process.
Manufacturing of drugs for clinical and commercial purposes must comply with the FDA s good manufacturing practice, or cGMP, and
applicable non-U.S. regulatory requirements. The cGMP requirements govern quality control and documentation policies and procedures. Complying
with cGMP and non-U.S. regulatory requirements will require that we expend time, money, and effort in production, recordkeeping, and quality
control to assure that the product meets applicable specifications and other requirements. Our contracted manufacturing facilities must
also pass a pre-approval inspection prior to FDA approval. Failure to pass a pre-approval inspection might significantly delay FDA approval
of our product candidates. If any of our collaborators fails to comply with these requirements, we would be subject to possible regulatory
action which could limit the jurisdictions in which we are permitted to sell our product candidates. As a result, our business, financial
condition, and results of operations might be materially harmed. 

32 

Our reliance on a limited number of third-party
manufacturers exposes us to the following risks: 

We might be unable to identify manufacturers for commercial supply on acceptable terms or at all because the number of potential manufacturers is limited and the FDA must approve any replacement contractor. This approval would generally require compliance inspections. In addition, a new manufacturer would have to be educated in, or develop substantially equivalent processes for, production of our product candidates after receipt of FDA approval, if any; 

Our third-party manufacturers might be unable to formulate and manufacture our product candidates in the volume and of the quality required to meet our clinical and commercial needs, if any; 

Our contract manufacturers might not perform as agreed or might not remain in the contract manufacturing business for the time required to supply our clinical trials or to successfully produce, store and distribute our product candidates for commercialization; 

Currently, our contract manufacturer for our clinical supplies is foreign, which increases the risk of shipping delays, adds the risk of import restrictions and adds the risk of political and environmental uncertainties that might affect those countries; 

Drug manufacturers are subject to ongoing periodic unannounced inspection by the FDA and corresponding state agencies to ensure strict compliance with cGMP and other government regulations and corresponding foreign standards. We do not have control over third-party manufacturers compliance with these regulations and standards; 

If any third-party manufacturer makes improvements in the manufacturing process for our product candidates, we might not own, or might have to share, the intellectual property rights to the innovation with our licensors; 

Operations of our third-party manufacturers or suppliers could be disrupted by conditions unrelated to our business or operations, including a bankruptcy of the manufacturer or supplier or a natural disaster or a pandemic such as COVID-19; and 

We might compete with other companies for access to these manufacturers facilities and might be subject to manufacturing delays if the manufacturers give other clients higher priority than us. 

Each of these risks could delay our clinical trials
or the approval, if any, of our product candidates by the FDA or any foreign regulatory agency or the commercialization of our product
candidates and could result in higher costs or deprive us of potential product revenues. As a result, our business, financial condition,
and results of operations might be materially harmed. 

If we materially breach or default under
any of our license agreements, the licensor party to such agreement will have the right to terminate the license agreement, which termination
may materially harm our business. 

Our commercial success will depend in part on
the maintenance of our current and any future license agreements. Our license agreements impose, and we expect that future license agreements
will impose, various diligence, milestone payment, royalty and other obligations on us. For example, under our current license agreements,
we are required to use commercially reasonable diligence to develop and commercialize a product and to satisfy specified payment obligations.
If we fail to comply with our obligations under our current license agreements or any future license agreements with any party, or we
are subject to a bankruptcy, the licensor may have the right to terminate the license, in which event we would not be able to market products
covered by the license. Each of our license agreements provides the licensor with a right to terminate the license agreement for our material
breach or default under the agreement, including the failure to make any required milestone or other payments. Should the licensor under
any of our license agreements exercise such a termination right, we would lose our right to the intellectual property under the respective
license agreement, which loss may materially harm our business. 

33 

Any termination, or breach by, or conflict
with our strategic partners could harm our business . 

If we or any of our current or future collaborators
fail to renew or terminate any of our collaboration agreements or if either party fails to satisfy its obligations under any of our collaboration
or license agreements or complete them in a timely manner, we could have difficulty completing the development of any of our product candidates
and potentially lose significant sources of revenue, which could result in an adverse impact on our operations and financial condition
as well as volatility in any future revenue. In addition, our agreements with our collaborators may have provisions that give rise to
disputes regarding the rights and obligations of the parties. These and other possible disagreements could lead to termination of the
agreement or delays in collaborative research, development, supply or commercialization of our product candidates, or could require or
result in litigation or arbitration. Any such conflicts with our collaborators could reduce our ability to obtain future collaboration
agreements and could have a negative impact on our relationship with existing collaborators, adversely affecting our business and revenues.
Finally, any of our collaborations may prove to be unsuccessful. 

We plan to grow and develop our business
through acquisitions of or investment in new or complementary businesses, products or technologies, and the failure to manage these acquisitions
or investments, or the failure to integrate them with our existing business, could have a material adverse effect on us. 

Our business strategy is based on the acquisition
of additional product candidates. This is evidenced by our in-licensing of NoveCite in October 2020 and I/ONTAK in September 2021. We
might consider opportunities to acquire or invest in other technologies, products and businesses that might enhance our capabilities or
complement our current product candidates. Potential and completed acquisitions and strategic investments involve numerous risks, including
potential problems or issues associated with the following: 

assimilating the acquired technologies, products or business operations, as we are currently engaged in for I/ONTAK; 

maintaining uniform standards, procedures, controls and policies; 

unanticipated costs associated with the acquisition or investment; 

diversion of our management s attention from our preexisting business; 

maintaining or obtaining the necessary regulatory approvals or complying with regulatory standards; and 

adverse effects on existing business operations. 

We have no current commitments with respect to
any acquisition or investment in other technologies or businesses. We do not know if we will identify other suitable acquisitions, whether
we will be able to successfully complete any acquisitions, or whether we will be able to successfully integrate any acquired product,
technology or business into our business operations or retain key personnel, suppliers or collaborators. 

Our ability to successfully develop our business
through acquisitions including the recent in-licensing of I/ONTAK, will depend on our ability to identify, negotiate, complete and integrate
suitable target businesses or technologies and obtain any necessary financing. These efforts could be expensive and time consuming and
might disrupt our ongoing operations. If we are unable to efficiently integrate any acquired business, technology or product into our
business operations, our business and financial condition might be adversely affected. 

We rely on the significant experience and
specialized expertise of our executive management and other key personnel and the loss of any of our executive management or key personnel
or our inability to successfully hire their successors could harm our business. 

Our performance is substantially dependent on
the continued services and on the performance of our executive management and other key personnel, who have extensive experience and specialized
expertise in our business. Our President and Chief Executive Officer, Myron Holubiak, our Executive Chairman, Leonard Mazur, and our Chief
Medical Officer and Executive Vice President, Myron Czuczman, in particular have significant experience in the running of pharmaceutical
companies and/or drug development itself. In addition, Matt Angel, a director of NoveCite, is serving as a technical consultant to that
company and was instrumental in the discovery and development to date of NoveCite. This depth of experience is of significant benefit
to us, especially given the small size of our management team and our company, including our subsidiaries. The loss of the services of
any of Mr. Holubiak, Mr. Mazur, Dr. Czuczman or Dr. Angel, as well as any other member of our executive management or any key employees,
including those at NoveCite, could harm our ability to attract capital and develop and commercialize our product candidates. Neither we
nor NoveCite has key man life insurance policies. 

34 

If we are unable to retain or hire additional
qualified personnel, our ability to grow our business might be harmed. 

We utilize the services of a clinical management
team on a part-time basis to assist us in managing our ongoing Phase 2 and Phase 3 trials and intend to do so for future preclinical and
clinical trials. While we believe this will provide us with sufficient staffing for our current and future development efforts, we will
need to hire or contract with additional qualified personnel with expertise in preclinical testing, clinical research and testing, government
regulation, formulation and manufacturing and sales and marketing in connection with the continued development, regulatory approval and
commercialization of our product candidates. We compete for qualified individuals with numerous pharmaceutical and biopharmaceutical companies,
universities and other research institutions. 

Competition for these individuals is intense,
and we cannot be certain that our search for such personnel will be successful. Attracting and retaining qualified personnel will be critical
to our success. In addition, we may be unable to attract and retain those qualified officers, directors and members of board committees
required to provide for effective management. If we are unable to attract and retain qualified employees, officers and directors, the
management and operation of our business could be adversely affected. 

We expect to need to increase the size of
our organization to further develop our product candidates, and we may experience difficulties in managing growth. 

We will need to manage our anticipated growth
and increased operational activity, including as a result of the in-licensing of I/ONTAK in September 2021. Our personnel, systems and
facilities currently in place may not be adequate to support this future growth. Our need to effectively execute our growth strategy will
require that we: 

manage our research and development activities and our regulatory trials effectively; 

attract and motivate sufficient numbers of talented employees or consultants; 

manage our internal development efforts effectively while complying with our contractual obligations to licensors, licensees, contractors, collaborators and other third parties; 

develop internal sales and marketing capabilities or establish collaborations with third parties with such capabilities; 

commercialize our product candidates; and 

improve our operational, financial and management controls, reporting systems and procedures. 

This planned future growth could place a strain
on our administrative and operational infrastructure and may require our management to divert a disproportionate amount of its attention
away from our day-to-day activities. We may not be able to effectively manage the expansion of our operations or recruit and train additional
qualified personnel, which may result in weaknesses in our infrastructure, and give rise to operational mistakes, loss of business opportunities,
loss of employees and consultants and reduced productivity among remaining employees and consultants. We may not be able to make improvements
to our management information and control systems in an efficient or timely manner and may discover deficiencies in existing systems and
controls. If our management is unable to effectively manage our expected growth, our expenses may increase more than expected, our ability
to generate or increase our revenues could be reduced and we may not be able to implement our business strategy. Our future financial
performance and our ability to compete effectively will depend, in part, on our ability to effectively manage any future growth. 

35 

Conflicts of interest may arise from our
relationship with NoveCite. 

As of November 30, 2021, we beneficially owned
75 of the voting power of NoveCite s outstanding common stock; Novellus owns the other 25 . As a result of our partial ownership,
our relationship with NoveCite could give rise to certain conflicts of interest that could have an impact on our and NoveCite s
respective research and development programs, business opportunities, and operations generally. 

Even though we utilize different technologies than NoveCite, we could find ourselves in competition with it for research scientists, financing and other resources, licensing, manufacturing, and distribution arrangements. 

NoveCite will engage for its own business in research and product development programs, investments, and business ventures, and we will not be entitled to participate or to receive an interest in those programs, investments, or business ventures other than to the extent as a stockholder in NoveCite. NoveCite will not be obligated to present any particular research and development, investment, or business opportunity to us, even if the opportunity would be within the scope of our research and development plans or programs, business objectives, or investment policies. These opportunities may include, for example, opportunities to acquire businesses or assets, including but not limited to patents and other intellectual property that could be used by us or by NoveCite. 

Each conflict of interest will be resolved by our respective boards of directors in keeping with their fiduciary duties and such policies as they may implement from time to time. 

There is overlap among our board of directors, senior management and research staffs and that of NoveCite. Two of our directors, Myron Holubiak and Leonard Mazur, also serve as directors of NoveCite. In addition, Myron Holubiak serves as Chief Executive Officer and Jaime Bartushak serves as Chief Financial Officer of both Citius and NoveCite. These overlapping positions could interfere with the duties owed by such individuals to Citius. 

Risks Related to Our Regulatory and Legal Environment 

We might not obtain the necessary
U.S. or foreign regulatory approvals to commercialize any product candidates. 

We cannot assure you that we will receive the
approvals necessary to commercialize for sale any product candidates we are currently developing or that we may acquire or seek to develop
in the future. We will need FDA approval to commercialize our product candidates in the U.S. In order to obtain FDA approval of any product
candidate, we must submit to the FDA an NDA or a BLA demonstrating that the product candidate is safe for humans and effective for its
intended use. This demonstration requires significant research, pre-clinical studies, and clinical trials. Satisfaction of the FDA s
regulatory requirements typically takes many years, depends upon the type, complexity and novelty of the product candidate and requires
substantial resources for research, development and testing. We cannot predict whether our research and clinical approaches will result
in products that the FDA considers safe for humans and effective for their indicated uses. The FDA has substantial discretion in the product
approval process and might require us to conduct additional pre-clinical and clinical testing, perform post-marketing studies or otherwise
limit or impose conditions on any additional approvals we obtain. The approval process might also be delayed by changes in government
regulation, future legislation or administrative action or changes in FDA policy that occur prior to or during our product candidate s
regulatory review. Delays in obtaining regulatory approvals might: 

delay commercialization of, and our ability to derive product revenues from, our product candidates; 

impose costly procedures on us; and 

diminish any competitive advantages that we might otherwise enjoy. 

36 

Even if we comply with all FDA requests, the FDA
might ultimately reject one or more of our NDAs or BLAs. Even if we are able to obtain regulatory approval for a particular product candidate,
the approval might limit the indicated medical uses for the product, limit our ability to promote, sell, and distribute the product, require
that we conduct costly post-marketing surveillance, and/or require that we conduct ongoing post-marketing studies. We cannot be sure that
we will ever obtain regulatory clearance for any of our product candidates. Failure to obtain FDA approval of one or more of our product
candidates could severely undermine our business by leaving us without saleable products, and therefore without any potential sources
of revenues, until another product candidate could be developed or obtained and successfully developed, approved and commercialized. Foreign
jurisdictions impose similar regulatory approval processes and we will face the same risks if we seek foreign approval for any of our
product candidates. There is no guarantee that we will ever be able to successfully develop or acquire any product candidate. 

Following any regulatory approval of any
product candidate, we will be subject to ongoing regulatory obligations and restrictions, which may result in significant expense and
limit our ability to commercialize our other product candidates. 

If one of our product candidates is approved by
the FDA or by a foreign regulatory authority, we will be required to comply with extensive regulations for product manufacturing, labeling,
packaging, adverse event reporting, storage, distribution, advertising, promotion and record keeping. Regulatory approvals may also be
subject to significant limitations on the indicated uses or marketing of the products or to whom and how we may distribute an approved
product. Even if U.S. regulatory approval is obtained, the FDA may still impose significant restrictions on a product s indicated
uses or marketing or impose ongoing requirements for potentially costly post-approval studies. For example, the label ultimately approved
for any of our product candidates, if any, may include restrictions on use. If so, we may be subject to ongoing regulatory obligations
and restrictions, which may result in significant expense and limit our ability to commercialize that product candidate. The FDA could
also require a registry to track the patients utilizing the product or implement a Risk Evaluation and Mitigation Strategy, or REMS, that
could restrict access to the product, which would reduce our revenues and/or increase our costs. Potentially costly post-marketing clinical
studies may be required as a condition of approval to further substantiate safety or efficacy, or to investigate specific issues of interest
to the regulatory authority. Similar risks apply in foreign jurisdictions. 

Manufacturers of pharmaceutical products and their
facilities are subject to continual review and periodic inspections by the FDA and other regulatory authorities for compliance with cGMP
regulations, which include requirements relating to quality control and quality assurance as well as the corresponding maintenance of
records and documentation. Similar regulatory programs exist in foreign jurisdictions. Further, regulatory agencies must approve these
manufacturing facilities before they can be used to manufacture our future approved products, if any, and these facilities are subject
to ongoing regulatory inspections. In addition, regulatory agencies subject a pharmaceutical product, its manufacturer and the manufacturer s
facilities to continual review and inspections. The subsequent discovery of previously unknown problems with a product, including adverse
events of unanticipated severity or frequency, or problems with the facility where the product is manufactured, may result in restrictions
on the marketing of that product, up to and including, withdrawal of the product from the market. If the manufacturing facilities of our
suppliers fail to comply with applicable regulatory requirements, it could result in regulatory action and additional costs to us. Failure
to comply with applicable FDA and other regulatory requirements may, either before or after product approval, if any, subject our company
to administrative or judicially imposed sanctions. 

In addition, the law or regulatory policies governing
pharmaceutical products may change. New statutory requirements may be enacted or additional regulations may be enacted that could prevent
or delay regulatory approval of our product candidates. Contract manufacturing organizations, or CMOs, and their vendors or suppliers
may also face changes in regulatory requirements from governmental agencies in the U.S. and other countries. We cannot predict the likelihood,
nature, extent or effects of government regulation that may arise from future legislation or administrative action, either in the U.S.
or elsewhere. If we are not able to maintain regulatory compliance, we might not be permitted to market any future approved products and
our business could suffer. 

37 

We could be forced to pay substantial damage
awards if product liability claims that may be brought against us are successful. 

The use of any of our product candidates in pre-clinical
and clinical trials, and the sale of any approved products, may expose us to liability claims and financial losses resulting from the
use or sale of our product candidates. We have obtained limited product liability insurance coverage for our pre-clinical and clinical
trials of 5.0 million per occurrence and in the aggregate, subject to a deductible of 25,000 per bodily injury and property damage occurrence,
and a medical expense per person limit of 25,000. There can be no assurance that our existing insurance coverage will extend to any other
product candidates in the future. Any product liability insurance coverage may not be sufficient to satisfy all liabilities resulting
from product liability claims. A successful claim may prevent us from obtaining adequate product liability insurance in the future on
commercially desirable terms, if at all. Even if a claim is not successful, defending such a claim would be time consuming and expensive,
may damage that product s and our reputations in the marketplace, and would likely divert management s attention, any of which
could have a material adverse effect on our Company. 

Risks Related to Our Intellectual Property 

Our business depends on protecting our intellectual
property. 

Without the intellectual property rights we have
already obtained, as well as the further rights we are also pursuing, our competitors would have opportunity to take advantage of our
research and development efforts to develop competing products. Our success, competitive position and future revenues, if any, depend
in part on our ability and the abilities of our licensors to obtain and maintain patent protection for our product candidates, methods,
processes and other technologies, to preserve our trade secrets, to prevent third parties from infringing on our proprietary rights and
to operate without infringing the proprietary rights of third parties. We anticipate filing additional patent applications both in the
U.S. and in other countries, as appropriate. However, the patent process is subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, and there can
be no assurance that we will be successful in protecting our product candidates by obtaining and defending patents. These risks and uncertainties
include the following: 

Our patent rights might be challenged, invalidated, or circumvented, or otherwise might not provide any competitive advantage; 

Our competitors, many of which have substantially greater resources than we do and many of which might make significant investments in competing technologies, might seek, or might already have obtained, patents that will limit, interfere with, or eliminate our ability to make, use, and sell our product candidates either in the U.S. or in international markets; 

Countries other than the U.S. might have less restrictive patent laws than those upheld by U.S. courts, allowing foreign competitors the ability to exploit these laws to create, develop, and market competing products; and 

As a matter of public policy regarding worldwide health concerns, there might be significant pressure on the U.S. government and other international governmental bodies to limit the scope of patent protection both inside and outside the U.S. for product candidates that prove successful. 

In addition, the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office
and patent offices in other jurisdictions have often required that patent applications concerning pharmaceutical and/or biotechnology-related
inventions be limited or narrowed substantially to cover only the specific innovations exemplified in the patent application, thereby
limiting the scope of protection against competitive challenges. Thus, even if we or our licensors are able to obtain patents, the patents
might be substantially narrower than anticipated. 

Because the time period from filing a patent application
to the issuance, if ever, of the patent is often more than three years and because any regulatory approval and marketing for a pharmaceutical
product often occurs several years after the related patent application is filed, the resulting market exclusivity afforded by any patent
on our drug candidates and technologies will likely be substantially less than 20 years. For example, the U.S. patent on the original
Mino-Lok composition expires in June 2024, and the U.S. patent on the stabilized Mino-Lok composition expires in November 2036. Since
we anticipate significant additional time before FDA approval could be obtained, the maximum market exclusivity afforded by the statutory
term of the currently issued patents would be less than 17 years. In the United States, the European Union and some other jurisdictions,
patent term extensions are available for certain delays in either patent office proceedings or marketing and regulatory approval processes.
However, due to the specific requirements for obtaining these extensions, there is no assurance that our patents will be granted extensions
even if we encounter significant delays in patent office proceedings or marketing and regulatory approval. 

38 

Additionally, patent law is subject to change
and varies among the U.S. and foreign countries. Depending on decisions by the United States Congress, the U.S. federal courts, the USPTO
or similar authorities in foreign jurisdictions, the laws and regulations governing patents could change in unpredictable ways that may
weaken our and our licensors abilities to obtain new patents or to enforce existing patents we and our licensors or partners may
obtain in the future. 

Patent and other intellectual property protection
is crucial to the success of our business and prospects, and there is a substantial risk that such protections will prove inadequate.
Our business and prospects will be harmed if these protections prove insufficient. 

We rely on trade secret protections through
confidentiality agreements with our employees and other parties, and the breach of these agreements could adversely affect our business
and prospects. 

We rely on trade secrets, which we seek to protect,
in part, through confidentiality and non-disclosure agreements with our employees, collaborators, suppliers, and other parties. There
can be no assurance that these agreements will not be breached, that we would have adequate remedies for any such breach or that our trade
secrets will not otherwise become known to or independently developed by our competitors. We might be involved from time to time in litigation
to determine the enforceability, scope and validity of our proprietary rights. Any such litigation could result in substantial cost and
divert management s attention from our operations. 

If we infringe the rights of third parties
we might have to forego developing and/or selling any approved products, pay damages, or defend against litigation. 

If our product candidates, methods, processes
and other technologies infringe the proprietary rights of other parties, we could incur substantial costs and we might have to: 

obtain licenses, which might not be available on commercially reasonable terms, if at all; 

abandon an infringing product candidate; 

redesign our product candidates or processes to avoid infringement; 

stop using the subject matter claimed in the patents held by others; 

pay damages; and/or 

defend litigation or administrative proceedings which might be costly whether we win or lose, and which could result in a substantial diversion of our financial and management resources. 

Any of these events could substantially harm our
earnings, financial condition and operations. 

The U.S. government could have march-in
rights to certain of our intellectual property. 

If at any time federal monies are used in support
of the research and development activities at MDACC that resulted or in the future result in certain of our issued pending U.S. patent
applications, the federal government retains what are referred to as march-in rights to patents that are granted on these
applications. Our license agreements for Mino-Lok and Mino-Wrap each provide that in the event of such governmental funding, our rights
are subject to the government s prior rights, if any. In addition, the license agreements provide that we will comply with the requirements
of any agreement between MDACC and the governmental funding entity. If applicable, this could require us to grant the U.S. government
either a nonexclusive, partially exclusive or exclusive license to the patented invention in any field of use, upon terms that are reasonable
for a particular situation. Circumstances that could trigger march-in rights generally would be set out in the agreement between MDACC
and the funding governmental entity and could include, for example, failure to take, within a reasonable time, effective steps to achieve
practical application of the invention in a field of use, failure to satisfy the health and safety needs of the public and failure to
meet requirements of public use specified by federal regulations. A funding governmental entity could elect to exercise these march-in
rights on their own initiative or at the request of a third party; however, the exercise of such march-in rights has been historically
rare when the patent holder (or its licensee) is practicing the patent invention although there can be no assurance that such rights would
not be exercised. This same risk would apply to any other license into which we enter if the licensor receives government funding for
the product candidate that is the subject of the license. 

39 

Risks Related to Our Securities 

If we fail to meet the continued listing
requirements of Nasdaq it could result in a delisting of our common stock and certain warrants. 

Our common stock and certain outstanding warrants
are currently listed for trading on The Nasdaq Capital Market, and the continued listing of our common stock on The Nasdaq Capital Market
is subject to our compliance with a number of listing standards. These listing standards include the requirement for avoiding sustained
losses, maintaining a minimum level of stockholders equity and maintaining a minimum stock price. The failure to meet any listing
standard would subject us to potential loss of listing. 

If our common stock were no longer listed on The
Nasdaq Capital Market, investors might only be able to trade on one of the over-the-counter markets, including the OTC Bulletin Board
 or in the Pink Sheets (a quotation medium operated by Pink Sheets LLC). This would impair the liquidity of our common stock
not only in the number of shares that could be bought and sold at a given price, which might be depressed by the relative illiquidity,
but also through delays in the timing of transactions and reduction in media coverage. In addition, we could face significant material
adverse consequences, including: 

a limited availability of market quotations for our securities; 

a limited amount of news and analyst coverage for us; and 

a decreased ability to issue additional securities or obtain additional financing in the future. 

We have twice failed to meet the listing standards
between October 2019 and January 2020 and between April 2020 and July 2020 because the closing bid price for our common stock has fallen
below 1.00 per share for 30 consecutive business days, as a result of which we did not comply with the 1.00 minimum bid price requirement
for continued listing on The Nasdaq Capital Market under Rule 5550(a)(2) of the Nasdaq Listing Rules. Pursuant to Nasdaq Marketplace Rule
5810(c)(3)(A). In each instance, we regained compliance within the time period allowed by Nasdaq. 

In the event of a future delisting, we would take
actions to restore our compliance with Nasdaq s listing requirements, but we can provide no assurance that any such action taken
by us would allow our common stock to become listed again, stabilize the market price or improve the liquidity of our common stock, prevent
our common stock from dropping below the Nasdaq minimum bid price requirement or prevent future non-compliance with Nasdaq s listing
requirements. 

If our common stock were delisted and determined
to be a penny stock, a broker-dealer may find it more difficult to trade our common stock and an investor may find it more
difficult to acquire or dispose of our common stock in the secondary market. 

If our common stock were removed from listing
with The Nasdaq Capital Market, it may be subject to the so-called penny stock rules. The SEC has adopted regulations that
define a penny stock to be any equity security that has a market price per share of less than 5.00, subject to certain
exceptions, such as any securities listed on a national securities exchange, which is the exception on which we currently rely. For any
transaction involving a penny stock, unless exempt, the rules impose additional sales practice requirements on broker-dealers,
subject to certain exceptions. If our common stock were delisted and determined to be a penny stock, a broker-dealer may
find it more difficult to trade our common stock and an investor may find it more difficult to acquire or dispose of our common stock
on the secondary market. 

40 

You may experience dilution of your ownership
interests because of the future issuance of additional shares of our common stock or securities convertible into common stock. 

For the foreseeable future, to finance our operations,
including possible acquisitions or strategic transactions, we expect to issue equity securities, resulting in the dilution of the ownership
interests of our present stockholders. We are currently authorized to issue an aggregate of 400,000,000 shares of common stock and 10,000,000
shares of preferred stock. As of September 30, 2021, there were 145,979,429 shares of common stock outstanding, 40,208,347 shares underlying
warrants with a weighted average exercise price of 1.695 per share and 5,755,171 shares underlying options with a weighted average exercise
price of 2.13 per share. We may also issue additional shares of our common stock or other securities that are convertible into or exercisable
for common stock in connection with hiring or retaining employees, or for other business purposes. The future issuance of any such additional
shares of common stock or common stock equivalents may create downward pressure on the trading price of our common stock or publicly traded
warrants. 

Our Certificate of Incorporation allows
for our Board of Directors to create new series of preferred stock without further approval by our stockholders, which could adversely
affect the rights of the holders of the common stock. 

Our Board of Directors has the authority to issue
up to 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock and to fix and determine the relative rights and preferences of any such preferred stock without
further stockholder approval. As a result, our Board of Directors could authorize the issuance of one or more series of preferred stock
that would grant preferential rights to our assets upon liquidation, the right to receive dividend payments before dividends are distributed
to the holders of common stock and the right to the redemption of the preferred shares, together with a premium, prior to the redemption
of the common stock. In addition, our Board of Directors could authorize the issuance of a series of preferred stock that has greater
voting power than the common stock or that is convertible into our common stock, which could decrease the relative voting power of the
common stock or result in dilution to our existing stockholders. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 

Not applicable. 

Item 2. Properties 

We lease our offices at 11 Commerce Drive, Cranford,
New Jersey 07016. The lease runs until October 31, 2025. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 

We are not involved in any litigation that we
believe could have a material adverse effect on our financial position or results of operations. There is no action, suit, proceeding,
inquiry or investigation before or by any court, public board, government agency, self-regulatory organization or body pending or, to
the knowledge of our executive officers, threatened against or affecting our company or our officers or directors in their capacities
as such. 

In the future, we might from time to time become
involved in litigation relating to claims arising from our ordinary course of business. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

Not applicable. 

41 

PART II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common
Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

The information regarding our equity compensation
plans required by this Item is found in Item 12 of this report. 

Market Information 

Our common stock and certain warrants to purchase
common stock trade on The Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol CTXR and CTXRW, respectively. 

Holders of Common Stock 

As November 30, 2021, we had approximately 96
stockholders of record of our common stock. 

Dividends 

We have never paid dividends on our common stock.
We intend to follow a policy of retaining earnings, if any, to finance the growth of our business and do not anticipate paying any cash
dividends in the foreseeable future. The declaration and payment of future dividends on the common stock will be at sole discretion of
our Board of Directors and will depend on our profitability and financial condition, capital requirements, statutory and contractual restrictions,
future prospects and other factors deemed relevant by the Board. 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 

None. 

Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

We did not make any purchases of our common stock
during the three months ended September 30, 2021, which is the fourth quarter of our fiscal year. 

Item 6. [Reserved] 

Item 7. Management s Discussion
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

The following discussion and analysis of our
financial condition and results of operations should be read together with our financial statements and related notes included elsewhere
in this annual report on Form 10-K. Management s discussion and analysis contains forward-looking statements, such as statements
of our plans, objectives, expectations and intentions. Any statements that are not statements of historical fact are forward-looking statements.
When used, the words believe, plan, intend, anticipate, target, 
 estimate, expect and the like, and/or future tense or conditional constructions will, may, 
 could, should, etc.), or similar expressions, identify these forward-looking statements. These forward-looking
statements are subject to risks and uncertainties including those under Risk Factors in Item 1A in this Form 10-K that could
cause actual results or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. Our actual results
and the timing of events could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of several factors.
We do not undertake any obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances occurring after the filing
date of this report. 

Historical Background 

We are a specialty pharmaceutical company dedicated
to the development and commercialization of critical care products targeting unmet needs with a focus on anti-infectives, cancer care
and unique prescription products. On September 12, 2014, we acquired Citius Pharmaceuticals, LLC as a wholly-owned subsidiary. 

On March 30, 2016, we acquired all of the outstanding
stock of Leonard-Meron Biosciences, Inc. LMB by issuing shares of our common stock. We acquired identifiable intangible
assets of 19,400,000 related to in-process research and development and recorded goodwill of 9,346,796 for the excess of the purchase
consideration over the net assets acquired. 

On September 11, 2020, we formed NoveCite, Inc. NoveCite ), a Delaware corporation, of which we own 75 of the issued and outstanding capital stock. 

On August 23, 2021, we formed Citius Acquisition
Corp., a wholly owned subsidiary. 

42 

In-process research and development of 19,400,000
represents the value of LMB s leading drug candidate (Mino-Lok), which is an antibiotic solution used to treat catheter-related
bloodstream infections and is expected to be amortized on a straight-line basis over a period of eight years commencing upon revenue generation. Goodwill
of 9,346,796 represents the value of LMB s industry relationships and its assembled workforce. Goodwill will not be amortized but
will be tested at least annually for impairment. In-process research and development of 40,000,000 represents the value of our September
2021 acquisition of an exclusive license for E7777 (denileukin diftitox), a late-stage oncology immunotherapy for the treatment of CTCL,
a rare form of non-Hodgkin lymphoma and is expected to be amortized on a straight-line basis over a period of twelve years commencing
upon revenue generation. 

Through September 30, 2021, we have devoted substantially
all of our efforts to product development, raising capital, building infrastructure through strategic alliances and coordinating activities
relating to our proprietary products. We have not yet realized any revenues from its operations. 

Patent and Technology License Agreements 

Mino-Lok - LMB has a patent and technology
license agreement with Novel Anti-Infective Therapeutics, Inc. NAT to develop and commercialize Mino-Lok on an exclusive,
worldwide sub-licensable basis, as amended. Since May 2014, LMB has paid an annual maintenance fee, which began at 30,000 and that increased
over five years to 90,000, where it will remain until the commencement of commercial sales of a product subject to the license. LMB will
also pay annual royalties on net sales of licensed products, with royalties ranging from the mid-single digits to the low double digits.
In limited circumstances in which the licensed product is not subject to a valid patent claim and a competitor is selling a competing
product, the royalty rate is in the low single digits. After a commercial sale is obtained, LMB must pay minimum aggregate annual royalties
that increase in subsequent years. LMB must also pay NAT up to 1,100,000 upon achieving specified regulatory and sales milestones. Finally,
LMB must pay NAT a specified percentage of payments received from any sub licensees. 

Mino-Wrap - On January 2, 2019, we entered
into a patent and technology license agreement with the Board of Regents of the University of Texas System on behalf of the University
of Texas M. D. Anderson Cancer Center Licensor ), whereby we in-licensed exclusive worldwide rights to the patented technology
for any and all uses relating to breast implants. We intend to develop a liquefying gel-based wrap containing minocycline and rifampin
for the reduction of infections associated with breast implants following breast reconstructive surgeries. We are required to use commercially
reasonable efforts to commercialize Mino-Wrap under several regulatory scenarios and achieve milestones associated with these regulatory
options leading to an approval from the FDA. 

Under the license agreement, we paid a nonrefundable
upfront payment of 125,000. We are obligated to pay an annual maintenance fee of 30,000, commencing in January 2020 that increases annually
by 15,000 per year up to a maximum of 90,000. Annual maintenance fees cease on the first sale of product. We also must pay up to an
aggregate of 2.1 million in milestone payments, contingent on the achievement of various regulatory and commercial milestones. Under
the terms of the license agreement, we also must pay a royalty of mid- to upper-single digit percentages of net sales, depending on the
amount of annual sales, and subject to downward adjustment to lower- to mid-single digit percentages in the event there is no valid patent
for the product in the United States at the time of sale. After the first sale of product, we will owe an annual minimum royalty payment
of 100,000 that will increase annually by 25,000 for the duration of the term. We will be responsible for all patent expenses incurred
by Licensor for the term of the agreement although Licensor is responsible for filing, prosecution and maintenance of all patents. 

NoveCite On October 6, 2020, our
subsidiary NoveCite entered into a license agreement with Novellus Therapeutics Limited Licensor ), whereby NoveCite acquired
an exclusive, worldwide license, with the right to sublicense, to develop and commercialize a stem cell therapy based on the Licensor s
patented technology for the treatment of acute pneumonitis of any etiology in which inflammation is a major agent in humans. Upon execution
of the license agreement, NoveCite paid an upfront payment of 5,000,000 to Licensor and issued to Licensor shares of Novecite s
common stock representing 25 of NoveCite s currently outstanding equity. We own the other 75 of NoveCite s currently outstanding
equity. 

In July 2021, Novellus was acquired by Brooklyn.
Pursuant to this transaction, the NoveCite license was assumed by Brooklyn with all original terms and conditions. 

43 

As part of the Novellus and Brooklyn merger transaction,
the 25 non-dilutive position as per the subscription agreement between Novellus and NoveCite was removed. 

Under the license agreement, NoveCite is obligated
to pay Licensor up to an aggregate of 51,000,000 in regulatory and developmental milestone payments. NoveCite also must pay a royalty
equal to low double-digit percentages of net sales, commencing upon the first commercial sale of a licensed product. This royalty is subject
to downward adjustment on a product-by-product and country-by-country basis to an upper-single digit percentage of net sales in any country
in the event of the expiration of the last valid patent claim or if no valid patent claim exists in that country. The royalty will end
on the earlier of (i) date on which a biosimilar product is first marketed, sold, or distributed by Licensor or any third party in the
applicable country or (ii) the 10-year anniversary of the date of expiration of the last-to-expire valid patent claim in that country.
In the case of a country where no licensed patent ever exists, the royalty will end on the later of (i) the date of expiry of such licensed
product s regulatory exclusivity and (ii) the 10-year anniversary of the date of the first commercial sale of the licensed product
in the applicable country. In addition, NoveCite will pay to Licensor an amount equal to a mid-twenties percentage of any sublicensee
fees it receives. 

Under the terms of the license agreement, in the
event that Licensor receives any revenue involving the original cell line included in the licensed technology, then Licensor shall remit
to NoveCite 50 of such revenue. 

I/ONTAK/E7777 - In September 2021 the Company
announced that it had entered into a definitive agreement with Dr. Reddy's to acquire its exclusive license of E7777 (denileukin diftitox),
a late-stage oncology immunotherapy for the treatment of CTCL, a rare form of non-Hodgkin lymphoma. 

Under the terms of this agreement, Citius acquired
Dr. Reddy's exclusive license of E7777 from Eisai and other related assets owned by Dr. Reddy's. Citius's exclusive license rights include
rights to develop and commercialize E7777 in all markets except for Japan and certain parts of Asia. Additionally, Citius has an option
on the right to develop and market the product in India. Eisai retains exclusive development and marketing rights for the agent in Japan
and Asia. Dr. Reddy's received a 40 million upfront payment and is entitled to up to 40 million in development milestone payments related
to CTCL approvals in the U.S. and other markets, up to 70 million in development milestones for additional indications, as well as commercial
milestone payments and low double-digit tiered royalties on net product sales. Eisai is to receive a 6 million development milestone
payment upon initial approval and additional commercial milestone payments related to the achievement of net product sales thresholds.
Eisai will be responsible for completing the current CTCL clinical trial, and chemistry, manufacturing and controls (CMC) activities through
the filing of a BLA for E7777 with the FDA. Citius will be responsible for development costs associated with potential additional indications. 

Results of Operations for Year Ended September
30, 2021 compared to Year Ended September 30, 2020 

Year Ended September 30, 2021 
 Year Ended September 30, 2020 
 
 Revenues 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Operating expenses: 

Research and development 
 12,240,503 
 8,812,810 
 
 General and administrative 
 9,836,412 
 8,094,614 
 
 Stock-based compensation general and administrative 
 1,454,979 
 803,261 
 
 Total operating expenses 
 23,531,894 
 17,710,685 

Operating loss 
 (23,531,894 
 (17,710,685 
 
 Interest income 
 261,825 
 68,066 
 
 Gain on forgiveness of note payable - Paycheck Protection
 Program and accrued interest 
 166,557 
 - 
 
 Other income 
 59,917 
 110,207 
 
 Interest expense 
 (10,839 
 (15,673 
 
 Net loss 
 (23,054,434 
 (17,548,085 

44 

Revenues 

We did not generate any revenues for the years
ended September 30, 2021 and 2020. 

Research and Development Expenses 

For the year ended September 30, 2021, research
and development expenses were 12,240,503 as compared to 8,812,810 for the year ended September 30, 2020, an increase of 3,427,693.
Research and development costs for Mino-Lok decreased by 2,679,768 to 3,527,250 for the year ended September 30, 2021 as compared
to 6,207,018 for the year ended September 30, 2020 driven primarily by a decrease in the cost of registration batches produced in the
year ended September 30, 2021. Research and development costs for our Halo-Lido product candidate decreased by 783,870 to 862,173 for
the year ended September 30, 2021 as compared to 1,646,043 for the year ended September 30, 2020 due to a reduction in costs associated
with manufacturing development as well as our patient reported outcome tool for the year ended September 30, 2021. Research and development
costs for our Mino-Wrap product candidate increased by 51,990 to 165,507 for the year ended September 30, 2021 as compared to 113,517
during the year ended September 30, 2020. During the year ended September 30, 2021, research and development costs for our proposed novel
cellular therapy for acute respiratory distress syndrome (ARDS) were 6,946,365 as compared to 846,232 for the year ended September 30,
2020. The increase of 6,100,133 was primarily due to the 5,000,000 license fee paid to Novellus. We also incurred 739,208 in research
and development expenses for our proposed product candidate related to the E7777 license. 

We expect that research and development expenses
will continue to increase in fiscal 2022 as we continue to focus on our Phase 3 trial for Mino-Lok, progress the Halo-Lido product candidate,
and accelerate our research and development efforts related to ARDS, Mino-Wrap and E7777. 

General and Administrative Expenses 

For the year ended September 30, 2021, general
and administrative expenses were 9,836,412 as compared to 8,094,614 for the year ended September 30, 2020 an increase of 1,741,798.
The primary reason for the increase was additional compensation costs for new employees and performance bonuses. General and administrative
expenses consist primarily of compensation costs, consulting fees incurred for financing activities and corporate development services,
and investor relations expenses. 

Stock-based Compensation Expense 

For the year ended September 30, 2021, stock-based
compensation expense was 1,454,979 as compared to 803,261 for the year ended September 30, 2020. Stock-based compensation expense includes
options granted to directors, employees and consultants. For the year ended September 30, 2021, stock-based compensation includes 83,555
in expense for the NoveCite stock option plan that was adopted in November 2020. Stock-based compensation expense increased by 651,718
in comparison to the prior year due to new grants made by Citius and the expense for the NoveCite stock plan. In fiscal year 2012, we
granted options to our new employees and additional options to other employees, our directors and consultants. At September 30, 2021,
unrecognized total compensation cost related to unvested options for Citius common stock of 3,012,685 is expected to be recognized over
a weighted average period of 2.34 years and unrecognized total compensation cost related to unvested options for NoveCite common stock
of 316,444 is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of 2.42 years 

Other Income (Expense) 

During the year ended September 30, 2021, the
Company earned 261,825 of interest income compared to 68,066 of interest income during the year ended September 30, 2020. The increase
was due to our investment of most of the 2021 equity offerings and common stock warrant exercises proceeds in money market accounts. 

The Company recorded a gain of 166,557 for the
principal and accrued interest on the Paycheck Protection Program loan that was forgiven on July 28, 2021. 

45 

Other income for the year ended September 30,
2021 consists of accrued interest of 59,917 on notes payable related parties that was forgiven in June 2021. 

In November 2019, we received a 110,207 refund
from the FDA for 2016 product and establishment fees because the fees paid by the Company exceeded the costs of the FDA s review
of the associated applications. The Company recorded the 110,207 as other income during the year ended September 30, 2020. 

Interest expense for the year ended September
30, 2021 was 10,839 as compared to 15,673 for the year ended September 30, 2020. Interest expense for both years is primarily for the
notes payable to related parties that were acquired in the acquisition of LMB. We also accrued interest expense on the COVID-19 related
Small Business Administration SBA Paycheck Protection Program loan received on April 15, 2020. At September 30, 2021,
there were no outstanding notes payable. 

Net Loss 

For the year ended September 30, 2021, we incurred
a net loss of 23,054,434 compared to a net loss of 17,548,085 for the year ended September 30, 2020. The 5,506,349 increase in
the net loss was primarily due to the 3,427,693 increase in research and development expenses and the 1,741,798 increase in general
and administrative expenses, which increases were primarily associated with NoveCite. 

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 

Liquidity and Working Capital 

Citius has incurred operating losses since inception
and incurred net losses of 23,054,434 and 17,548,085 for the years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively. At September 30,
2021, Citius had an accumulated deficit of 96,047,821. Citius net cash used in operations during the years ended September 30,
2021 and 2020 was 24,250,414 and 16,930,658, respectively. 

As a result of our common stock offerings and
common stock warrant exercises in fiscal year 2021, the Company had working capital of approximately 68,800,000 at September 30, 2021. We expect that we will have sufficient funds to continue our operations through March 2023.
At September 30, 2021, Citius had cash and cash equivalents of 70,072,946 available to fund its operations. The Company s only
source of cash flow since inception has been from financing activities. During the years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020, the Company
received net proceeds of 120,643,020 and 22,733,850, respectively, from the issuance of equity. We also received 164,583 from the COVID-related
SBA paycheck protection program loan received on April 15, 2020. Our primary uses of operating cash were for in-licensing of intellectual
property, product development and commercialization activities, employee compensation, consulting fees, legal and accounting fees, insurance
and investor relations expenses. 

Financing Activities 

In December 2019, 1,060,615 of the September 2019
Offering Pre-Funded Unit Warrants were exercised at 0.0001 per share for net proceeds of 106. 

In January 2020, investors who participated in
the September 2019 Offering exercised 1,315,715 warrants at 0.77 per share resulting in net proceeds of 1,013,101 to the Company. 

On February 14, 2020, the Company entered into
a warrant exercise agreement for 3,712,218 shares of common stock having an exercise price of 0.77 and 2,586,455 shares of common stock
at a reduced exercise price of 1.02. The offering closed on February 19, 2020 and net proceeds were 5,013,930 after placement agent
fees and offering expenses. 

46 

On May 18, 2020, the Company closed a registered
direct offering for the sale of 7,058,824 shares of common stock at 1.0625 per share for gross proceeds of 7,500,001. The Company also
issued 3,529,412 unregistered immediately exercisable warrants to the investors with an exercise price of 1.00 per share and a term of
five and one-half years. Net proceeds from the offering were 6,877,100. 

On June 26, 2020, 1,129,412 of the May 2020 Registered
Direct Offering Investor Warrants were exercised at 1.00 per share for net proceeds of 1,129,412. 

On August 10, 2020, the Company closed an underwritten
public offering of 9,159,524 shares of common stock at 1.05 per share for gross proceeds of 9,617,500. The Company paid the underwriter
a fee of 7 of the gross proceeds totaling 673,225 and issued the underwriter 641,166 immediately exercisable warrants with an exercise
price of 1.3125 per share and a term of five years. The Company also reimbursed the placement agent for 135,000 in expenses and incurred
 109,074 in other expenses. Net proceeds from the offering were 8,700,201. 

On January 27, 2021, the Company closed a private
placement for 15,455,960 common shares and warrants to purchase 7,727,980 common shares, at a purchase price of 1.294 per share
of common stock and accompanying warrant, for gross proceeds of 20,000,012. Net proceeds from the offering were 18,450,410. 

On February 19, 2021, the Company closed a registered
direct offering for 50,830,566 common shares and warrants to purchase 25,415,283 common shares, at a purchase price of 1.505 per share
and accompanying warrant, for gross proceeds of 76,500,002. Net proceeds from the offering were 70,979,842. 

During the year ended September 30, 2021, we received
 31,130,134 in proceeds from the exercise of common stock warrants and 82,634 in proceeds from the exercise of common stock options. 

Based on our cash and cash equivalents at September
30, 2021, we expect that we will have sufficient funds to continue our operations through March 2023. We may need to raise additional
capital in the future to support our operations beyond March 2023. There is no assurance, however, that we will be successful in raising
the needed capital or that the proceeds will be received in an amount or in a timely manner to support our operations. 

While the COVID-19 pandemic has adversely impacted
the progress of our clinical trials and operations, as of the date of this report, the Company has been able to access the capital markets
and successfully complete financing transactions. However, we cannot be certain that any future impact of COVID-19 on our operations will
not negatively impact our ability to raise capital. 

Inflation 

Our management believes that inflation has not
had a material effect on our results of operations. 

Off Balance Sheet Arrangements 

We do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements. 

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES 

Our discussion and analysis of our financial condition
and results of operations is based on our financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States. The preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the
reported amounts of assets, liabilities and expenses and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. We review our estimates
on an ongoing basis. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other factors that we believe to be reasonable under
the circumstances. Actual results may differ from these estimates. We believe the judgments and estimates required by the following accounting
policies to be critical in the preparation of our financial statements. 

47 

Research and Development 

Research and development costs, including upfront
fees and milestones paid to collaborators who are performing research and development activities under contractual agreement with us,
are expensed as incurred. We defer and capitalize our nonrefundable advance payments that are for research and development activities
until the related goods are delivered or the related services are performed. When we are reimbursed by a collaboration partner for work
we perform, we record the costs incurred as research and development expenses and the related reimbursement as a reduction to research
and development expenses in our statement of operations. Research and development expenses primarily consist of clinical and non-clinical
studies, materials and supplies, third-party costs for contracted services, and payments related to external collaborations and other
research and development related costs. 

In-process Research and Development and
Goodwill 

In-process research and development of 19,400,000
represents the value of LMB s leading drug candidate, Mino-Lok, an antibiotic lock solution in Phase 3 clinical development, which
if approved, would be used to treat catheter-related bloodstream infections and is expected to be amortized on a straight-line basis over
a period of eight years commencing upon revenue generation. In-process research and development of 40,000,000 represents the value
of our September 2021 acquisition of an exclusive license for E7777 (denileukin diftitox), a late-stage oncology immunotherapy for the
treatment of CTCL, a rare form of non-Hodgkin lymphoma and is expected to be amortized on a straight-line basis over a period of twelve
years commencing upon revenue generation. 

Goodwill represents the value of LMB s industry
relationships and its assembled workforce. Goodwill will not be amortized and will be tested at least annually for impairment. 

The Company reviews intangible assets annually
to determine if any adverse conditions exist or a change in circumstances has occurred that would indicate impairment or a change in the
remaining useful life of any intangible asset. If the carrying value of an asset exceeds its undiscounted cash flows, the Company writes
down the carrying value of the intangible asset to its fair value for the period identified. No impairments have occurred since the acquisitions
of our intangible assets through September 30, 2021. 

The Company evaluates the recoverability of goodwill
annually or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of an asset might be impaired, in accordance
with Accounting Standard Update ASU 2017-04, Intangibles Goodwill and Other (Topic 350): Simplifying the Accounting
for Goodwill Impairment . Goodwill is first qualitatively assessed to determine whether further impairment testing is necessary. Factors
that management considers in this assessment include macroeconomic conditions, industry and market considerations, overall financial performance
(both current and projected), changes in management and strategy and changes in the composition or carrying amount of net assets. If this
qualitative assessment indicates that it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount,
a one-step test is then performed in accordance with ASU 2017-04. Under the simplified model, a goodwill impairment is calculated as the
difference between the carrying amount of the reporting unit and its fair value. 

The Company performed a qualitative assessment
for its 2021 analysis of goodwill. Based on this assessment, management does not believe that it is more likely than not that the carrying
value of the reporting unit exceeds its fair value. Accordingly, no further testing was performed as management believes that there are
no impairment issues with respect to goodwill as of September 30, 2021. 

Income Taxes 

We follow accounting guidance regarding the recognition,
measurement, presentation and disclosure of uncertain tax positions in the financial statements. Tax positions taken or expected to be
taken in the course of preparing our tax returns are required to be evaluated to determine whether the tax positions are more-likely-than-not 
of being sustained by the applicable tax authorities. Tax positions not deemed to meet a more-likely-than-not threshold would be recorded
in the financial statements. 

We recognize deferred tax assets and liabilities
based on differences between the financial reporting and tax basis of assets and liabilities using the enacted tax rates and laws that
are expected to be in effect when the differences are expected to reverse. We provide a valuation allowance for deferred tax assets for
which we do not consider realization of such assets to be more likely than not. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures
About Market Risk 

Not required. 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary
Data 

48 

CITIUS PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. 

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

INDEX 

Page 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 F-2 
 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 
 F-3 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 
 F-4 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity 
 
 F-5 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 
 F-6 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 F-7 

F- 1 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC
ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Stockholders and Board of Directors of
Citius Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated
balance sheets of Citius Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (the Company as of September 30, 2021 and 2020, and the related consolidated
statements of operations, changes in stockholders equity and cash flows for the years then ended, and the related notes to the
consolidated financial statements (collectively, the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present
fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of September 30, 2021 and 2020, and the results of its operations
and its cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our
audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable
rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged
to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matters 

Critical audit matters are matters arising from
the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the board of
directors and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially
challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. We determined that there are no critical audit matters. 

/s/ Wolf Company, P.C. 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2014. 

Boston, Massachusetts 

December 15, 2021 

F- 2 

CITIUS PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. 

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

SEPTEMBER 30, 2021 AND 2020 

2021 
 2020 
 
 ASSETS 

Current Assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Prepaid expenses 

Total Current Assets 

Property and equipment, net 

Operating lease right-of-use asset, net 

Other Assets: 

Deposits 

In-process research and development 

Goodwill 

Total Other Assets 

Total Assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Current Liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Accrued compensation 

Accrued interest 

Notes payable related parties 

Operating lease liability 

Total Current Liabilities 

Note payable paycheck protection program 

Deferred tax liability 

Operating lease liability non current 

Total Liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies 

Stockholders Equity: 

Preferred stock - par value; shares authorized; no shares issued and outstanding 

Common stock - par value; shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding at September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total Citius Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Stockholders Equity 

Non-controlling interest 

Total Equity 

Total Liabilities and Equity 

See accompanying report of independent registered
public accounting firm and notes to the consolidated financial statements. 

F- 3 

CITIUS PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

FOR THE YEARS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2021 AND 2020 

2021 
 2020 
 
 Revenues 

Operating Expenses: 

Research and development 

General and administrative 

Stock-based compensation general and administrative 

Total Operating Expenses 

Operating Loss 

Other Income (Expense): 

Interest income 

Gain on forgiveness of note payable - Paycheck Protection Program and accrued interest 

Other income 

Interest expense 

Total Other Income, Net 

Net Loss 

Deemed dividend on warrant extension 

Net Loss Applicable to Common Stockholders 

Net Loss Per Share Applicable to Common Stockholders - Basic and Diluted 

Weighted Average Common Shares Outstanding 

Basic and diluted 

See accompanying report of independent registered
public accounting firm and notes to the consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

CITIUS PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS 
EQUITY 

FOR THE YEARS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2021 AND 2020 

Preferred 
 Common Stock 
 Additional Paid-In 
 Accumulated 
 Total Citius Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Shareholder s 
 Non-Controlling 
 Total 

Stock 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Equity 
 Interest 
 Equity 
 
 Balance, October 1, 2019 

Issuance of common stock upon exercise of warrants 

Issuance of common stock for services 

Issuance of common stock in registered direct offering, net of costs of 

Issuance of common stock in underwritten offering, net of costs of 

Stock-based compensation expense 

Net loss 

Balance, September 30, 2020 

Issuance of NoveCite common stock 

Issuance of common stock in private placement offering, net of costs of 

Issuance of common stock in registered direct offering, net of costs of 

Issuance of common stock upon exercise of warrants 

Issuance of common stock for services 

Issuance of common stock upon exercise of stock options 

Stock-based compensation expense 

Net loss 

Balance, September 30, 2021 

See accompanying report of independent registered
public accounting firm and notes to the consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

CITIUS PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

FOR THE YEARS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2021 AND 2020 

2021 
 2020 
 
 Cash Flows From Operating Activities: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Stock-based compensation 

Issuance of common stock for services 

Amortization of operating lease right-of-use asset 

Depreciation 

Gain from forgiveness of notes payable paycheck protection program and accrued interest 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Prepaid expenses 

Deposits 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Accrued compensation 

Accrued interest 

Operating lease liability 

Net Cash Used In Operating Activities 

Cash Flows From Investing Activities: 

Purchase of property and equipment 

Purchase of in-process research and development 

Net Cash Used In Investing Activities 

Cash Flows From Financing Activities: 

Proceeds from notes payable paycheck protection program 

Principal paid on notes payable related parties 

Proceeds from sale of NoveCite, Inc. common stock 

Proceeds from common stock warrant exercises 

Proceeds from common stock option exercises 

Net proceeds from underwritten offerings 

Net proceeds from private placement 

Net proceeds from registered direct offerings 

Net Cash Provided By Financing Activities 

Net Change in Cash and Cash Equivalents 

Cash and Cash Equivalents Beginning of Year 

Cash and Cash Equivalents End of Year 

Supplemental Disclosures of Cash Flow Information and Non-cash Activities: 

Operating lease right-of-use asset and liability recorded upon adoption of ASC 842 

See accompanying report of independent registered
public accounting firm and notes to the consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

CITIUS PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

FOR THE YEARS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2021 AND 2020 

related to in-process research
and development. The Company recorded goodwill of for the excess of the purchase price over the net assets acquired. 

of the issued and outstanding capital stock. 

acquisition value of of LMB s leading drug candidate (Mino-Lok), which is an antibiotic solution used
to treat catheter-related bloodstream infections and is expected to be amortized on a straight-line basis over a period of eight years
commencing upon revenue generation, and ii) acquisition value of the exclusive license for E7777 (denileukin diftitox), a
late-stage oncology immunotherapy for the treatment of CTCL, a rare form of non-Hodgkin lymphoma and is expected to be amortized on a
straight-line basis over a period of twelve years commencing upon revenue generation. Goodwill of represents the value of LMB s
industry relationships and its assembled workforce. Goodwill will not be amortized but will be tested at least annually for impairment. 

and , for the years ended September
30, 2021 and 2020, respectively. As a result of the Company s common stock offerings and common stock warrant exercises during the
year ended September 30, 2021, the Company had working capital of approximately at September 30, 2021. The Company estimates
that its available cash resources will be sufficient to fund its operations through March 2023. 

F- 7 

in 2021 and 2020. 

in the first commercial
year which is prorated for a less than 12-month period, increasing per year to a maximum of annually. LMB must also pay
NAT up to upon achieving specified regulatory and sales milestones. Finally, LMB must pay NAT a specified percentage of payments
received from any sub-licensees. 

which was recorded as research and development expense during the year ended September 30, 2019. We will be responsible for all patent expenses incurred by Licensor for the term of the agreement
although Licensor is responsible for filing, prosecution and maintenance of all patents. The agreement expires on the later of the expiration
of the patents or . 

F- 8 

for the option and
recorded it as a research and development expense. 

to Novellus,
which was charged to research and development expense during the year ended September 30, 2021, and issued Novellus shares of NoveCite s
common stock representing of the outstanding equity. We own the other of NoveCite s outstanding equity. Pursuant to the
terms of the original stock subscription agreement between Novellus and NoveCite, if NoveCite issued additional equity, subject to certain
exceptions, NoveCite had to maintain Novellus s ownership at by issuing additional shares to Novellus. 

of such revenue. 

F- 9 

We will also pay to Dr. Reddy s an amount equal to a low-thirties percentage
of any sublicense upfront consideration or milestone payments (or the like) received by us and the greater of (i) a low-thirties percentage
of any sublicensee sales-based royalties or (ii) a mid-single digit percentage of such licensee s net sales. 

Eisai will be responsible for completing the current
CTCL clinical trial, and chemistry, manufacturing and controls (CMC) activities through the filing of a BLA for E7777 with the FDA. Citius
will be responsible for development costs associated with potential additional indications. 

Either party may terminate the license agreement upon written notice
if the other party is in material breach of the agreement, subject to cure within the designated time periods. Either party also may terminate
the license agreement immediately upon written notice if the other party files for bankruptcy or takes related actions or is unable to
pay its debts as they become due. Additionally, either party will have the right to terminate the agreement if the other party directly
or indirectly challenges the patentability, enforceability or validity of any licensed patent. 

F- 10 

represents the value of LMB s leading drug candidate (Mino-Lok), which is an antibiotic solution used to treat catheter-related
bloodstream infections and is expected to be amortized on a straight-line basis over a period of eight years commencing upon revenue generation. 

represents the value of our September 2021 acquisition of an exclusive license for E7777 (denileukin diftitox), a late-stage oncology
immunotherapy for the treatment of CTCL, a rare form of non-Hodgkin lymphoma and is expected to be amortized on a straight-line basis
over a period of twelve years commencing upon revenue generation. Included in the IPR D is the historical know-how, formula protocols,
designs, and procedures expected to be needed to complete Phase 3. In addition, the contracts acquired in connection with Dr. Reddy s
transaction with the clinical research and manufacturing organization are at market rates and could be provided by multiple vendors in
the marketplace Therefore, there is no fair value associated with the contracts acquired. 

F- 11 

F- 12 

F- 13 

and notes payable held by our Chief Executive Officer, Myron Holubiak,
in the amount of . 

principal
balance of these notes and paid accrued interest of . Accrued interest of was forgiven and has been recorded as other income
during the year ended September 30, 2021. 

and , respectively. 

and
 for the years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

consisting
of the principal balance and related accrued interest expense. 

to 
and the authorized number of common shares from to . 

shares of common stock for strategic consulting and corporate development services and expensed the fair value of the common
stock issued. 

shares of common stock for investor relations services and shares of common stock for general advisory and business development
advisory services. The Company expensed the fair value of the common stock issued. 

F- 14 

shares
of common stock for strategic consulting and corporate development services and expensed the fair value of the common stock issued. 

shares of common stock for investor relations services and expensed the fair value of the common stock issued. 

shares of common stock for investor relations services and expensed the fair value of the common stock issued. 

shares of common stock for issuance to employees, directors and consultants. As of September 30, 2021, there were options
to purchase shares outstanding, options to purchase shares were exercised, options to purchase shares expired, and
no shares were available for future grants. 

F- 15 

shares of common stock for issuance to employees, directors and consultants.
As of September 30, 2021, there were options to purchase shares outstanding, options to purchase shares were exercised
and the remaining shares were transferred to the 2020 Omnibus Stock Incentive Plan 2020 Plan ). 

common shares. As of September 30, 2021, there were options to purchase shares outstanding
and the remaining shares were transferred to the 2021 Omnibus Stock Incentive Plan 2021 Stock Plan ). 

shares. The 2021 Stock Plan provides incentives to employees, directors, and consultants through
options, SARs, dividend equivalent rights, restricted stock, restricted stock units, or other rights. As of September 30, 2021, options
to purchase shares were outstanding and there were shares available for future grants. 

years) and the vesting period. For non-employee options, the expected
term is the contractual term. 

Expected dividend yield 

Expected term 
 
 years 
 
 years 

Expected volatility 

years 

Granted 

Exercised 

() 

Forfeited or expired 

Outstanding at September 30, 2021 

years 

Exercisable at September 30, 2021 

years 

per share. All of these options vest over terms of
 to months and have a term of years. 

per share. All of these options vest over terms of
 to months and have a term of years. 

is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period
of years. 

F- 16 

common shares of NoveCite were reserved. The NoveCite Stock Plan
provides incentives to employees, directors, and consultants through grants of options, SARs, dividend equivalent rights, restricted stock,
restricted stock units, or other rights. As of September 30, 2021, there were options outstanding to purchase common shares
of NoveCite and no common shares of NoveCite available for future grants. 

common shares to employees at a weighted average exercise price of per share, of which none
are exercisable as of September 30, 2021. 

shares of
common stock for the exercise of outstanding warrants. The following table summarizes the warrants outstanding at September 30, 2021: 

2016 Offering Warrants 

2017 Public Offering Investors 

2017 Public Offering Underwriter 

December 2017 Registered Direct/Private Placement Offering Investors 

December 2017 Registered Direct/Private Placement Offering Placement Agent 

March 2018 Registered Direct/Private Placement Offering Investors 

March 2018 Registered Direct/Private Placement Offering Placement Agent 

August 2018 Offering Investors 

August 2018 Offering Agent 

April 2019 Registered Direct/Private Placement Offering Investors 

April 2019 Registered Direct/Private Placement Offering Placement Agent 

September 2019 Offering Investors 

September 2019 Offering Underwriter 

February 2020 Exercise Agreement Placement Agent 

May 2020 Registered Direct Offering Investors 

May 2020 Registered Direct Offering Placement Agent 

August 2020 Underwriter 

January 2021 Registered Direct Offering Investors 

January 2021 Registered Direct Offering Agent 

February 2021 Offering Investors 

February 2021 Offering Agent 

of the September 2019
Offering Pre-Funded Unit Warrants were exercised at per share for net proceeds of . 

F- 17 

of the September 2019
Offering Investor Warrants were exercised at per share for net proceeds of . 

of the May 2020 Registered
Direct Offering Investor Warrants were exercised at per share for net proceeds of . 

to for warrants for common stock with an exercise price of per share and warrants with an exercise
price of per share. We recorded a deemed dividend of based on the excess of the fair value of the modified warrants over
the fair value of the warrants before the modification, the effect of which was an increase in the
net loss attributable to common shareholders in the statement of operations for the year ended September 30, 2021. 

in proceeds from the exercise of common stock warrants. 

years, all warrants are exercisable, and the aggregate intrinsic value for the warrants
outstanding was . 

Stock plan shares available for future grants 

Warrants outstanding 

Total 

for warrants held by our Chairman and our Chief Executive Officer (see Note 6). 

F- 18 

shares of common stock. 

and , respectively. 

refund from the FDA for 2016 product and establishment fees because the fees paid by the Company exceeded the costs of the FDA s
review of the associated applications. The Company recorded the as other income during the year ended September 30, 2020. 

F- 19 

Variable lease cost 

Total lease cost 

Years 
 Years 
 
 Weighted-average discount rate - operating leases 

2023 

2024 

2025 

Thereafter 

Total lease payments 

Less: interest 

Present value of lease liabilities 

Total lease assets 

Liabilities 

Current 
 Operating 

Non-current 
 Operating 

Total lease liabilities 

and for the years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

F- 20 

Increase (decrease) in income taxes resulting from: 

State taxes, net of federal benefit 

Permanent differences 

Increase in the valuation reserve 

Stock-based compensation 

Other 

Valuation allowance on deferred tax assets 

Total deferred tax assets 

Deferred tax liabilities: 

In-process research and development 

Total deferred tax liability 

Net deferred tax liability 

and , respectively. The increase
in the valuation allowance during the years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020 was primarily due to the Company s net operating loss. At
September 30, 2021, the Company has a federal net operating loss carryforward of approximately . Federal net operating loss
carryforwards of approximately begin expiring in 2034 and carryforwards of approximately generated in tax years
beginning after 2017 may be carried forward indefinitely. 

to offset future income taxes. The tax credit carryforwards will begin
to expire in 2036. 

F- 21 

I tem 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants
on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

None. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

We maintain disclosure controls and procedures
designed to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed in reports filed under the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the specified time periods
and accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate
to allow timely decisions regarding disclosure. 

Our Chief Executive Officer (who is our principal
executive officer) and Chief Financial Officer (who is our principal financial officer and principal accounting officer), evaluated the
effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) promulgated under the Exchange Act)
as of September 30, 2021, the end of our fiscal year. In designing and evaluating disclosure controls and procedures, we recognize that
any disclosure controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can only provide reasonable assurance of achieving the
desired control objective. As of September 30, 2021, based on the evaluation of these disclosure controls and procedures, our Chief Executive
Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective in ensuring that information
required to be disclosed by us in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported
within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. 

Management s Annual Report on Internal
Control over Financial Reporting 

Our management is responsible for establishing
and maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act. Because of its
inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting is not intended to provide absolute assurance that a misstatement of our
financial statements would be prevented or detected. Under the supervision of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer,
the Company conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2021 using
the criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of
the Treadway Commission COSO (2013 Framework). 

Based on this evaluation, management has concluded
that our internal controls were effective and that we maintained effective controls over our financial reporting as of September 30, 2021. 

Because of its inherent limitations, internal
control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future
periods are subject to the risks that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance
with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

Changes in Internal Controls over Financial
Reporting 

There were no changes in our internal controls
over financial reporting during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2021 that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect,
our internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 9B. Other Information. 

None. 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions
that Prevent Inspections. 

Not applicable. 

49 

PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and
Corporate Governance 

We have adopted a written Code of Ethics and Business
Conduct that applies to our directors, officers and all employees. We intend to disclose any amendments to, or waivers from, our code
of ethics and business conduct that are required to be publicly disclosed pursuant to rules of the SEC by filing such amendment or waiver
with the SEC. This code of ethics and business conduct can be found in the Investors - Corporate Governance section of our
website, www.citiuspharma.com . 

The other information required by this Item concerning
our directors and executive officers is incorporated by reference to the section captioned Proposal No. 1 Election of Directors 
and Corporate Governance to be contained in our proxy statement related to the 2022 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (the
 Proxy Statement ), which information is expected to be filed with the SEC within 120 days of the end of our fiscal year pursuant
to General Instruction G(3) of Form 10-K. The information required by this Item concerning compliance with Section 16(a) of the Exchange
Act by our directors, executive officers and persons who own more than 10 of our outstanding common stock is incorporated by reference
from the section captioned Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance to be contained in the Proxy Statement. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation 

The information required by this Item concerning
directors and executive compensation is incorporated by reference from the sections captioned Director Compensation and
 Executive Compensation , respectively, to be contained in the Proxy Statement. 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial
Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

The following table sets forth the indicated information
as of September 30, 2021 with respect to our equity compensation plans: 

Plan Category 
 Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights 
 Weighted- average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights 
 Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans 
 
 Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 

2014 Stock Incentive Plan 
 855,171 
 6.65 

2018 Omnibus Stock Incentive Plan 
 1,820,000 
 1.08 

2020 Omnibus Stock Incentive Plan 
 1,870,000 
 1.13 

2021 Omnibus Stock Incentive Plan 
 1,210,000 
 2.07 
 7,530,000 
 
 Total 
 5,755,171 
 2.13 
 7,530,000 

Our equity compensation plans consist of the Citius
Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 2021 Omnibus Stock Incentive Plan, 2020 Omnibus Stock Incentive Plan, 2018 Omnibus Stock Incentive Plan and 2014
Stock Incentive Plan, which were all approved by our stockholders. We do not have any equity compensation plans or arrangements that have
not been approved by our stockholders. 

We no longer may grant awards under the 2014 Stock
Incentive Plan, the 2018 Omnibus Stock Incentive Plan or 2020 Omnibus Stock Incentive Plan. 

The other information required by this Item is
incorporated by reference to the information under the section captioned Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and
Management to be contained in the Proxy Statement. 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related
Transactions, and Director Independence 

The information required by this Item is incorporated
by reference to the information under the section captioned Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Proposal
No. 1 Election of Directors to be contained in the Proxy Statement. 

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 

The information required by this Item is incorporated
by reference to the information under the section captioned Auditor and Audit Committee Matters to be contained in the Proxy
Statement. 

50 

PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 

Exhibit 
Number 
 
 Description of Document 
 
 Registrant s 
Form 
 
 Dated 
 
 Exhibit 
Number 
 
 Filed 
Herewith 
 
 3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of Citius Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 
 
 8-K 
 
 9/18/2014 
 
 3.1 

3.2 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of Citius Pharmaceuticals, Inc., effective September 16, 2016. 
 
 8-K 
 
 9/21/2016 
 
 3.1 

3.3 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of Citius Pharmaceuticals, Inc., effective June 9, 2017. 
 
 8-K 
 
 6/8/2017 
 
 3.1 

3.4 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation of Citius Pharmaceuticals Inc., dated June 21, 2021. 
 
 8-K/A 
 
 6/22/2021 
 
 3.1 

3.5 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Citius Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 
 
 8-K 
 
 2/9/2018 
 
 3.1 

4.1 
 
 Form of Registration Rights Agreement between the Purchasers named therein and Citius Pharmaceuticals Holdings, Inc., dated September 12, 2014. 
 
 8-K 
 
 9/18/2014 
 
 10.2 

4.2 
 
 Form of Investor Warrant, dated September 12, 2014. 
 
 8-K 
 
 9/18/2014 
 
 10.3 

4.3 
 
 Form of Common Stock Purchase Warrant, dated May 10, 2017. 
 
 10-Q 
 
 5/15/2017 
 
 10.4 

4.4 
 
 Form of Representative s Warrant, dated August 3, 2017. 
 
 8-K 
 
 8/4/2017 
 
 4.2 

4.5 
 
 Form of Investor Warrant, dated December 15, 2017. 
 
 8-K 
 
 12/19/2017 
 
 4.1 

4.6 
 
 Form of Placement Agent Warrant, dated December 15, 2017. 
 
 8-K 
 
 12/19/2017 
 
 4.2 

4.7 
 
 Form of Investor Warrant, dated March 28, 2018. 
 
 8-K 
 
 3/29/2018 
 
 4.1 

4.8 
 
 Form of Placement Agent Warrant, dated March 28, 2018. 
 
 8-K 
 
 3/29/2018 
 
 4.2 

4.9 
 
 Form of Common Stock Purchase Warrant, dated August 13, 2018. 
 
 8-K 
 
 8/13/2018 
 
 4.1 

4.10 
 
 Form of Pre-Funded Common Stock Purchase Warrant, dated August 13, 2018. 
 
 8-K 
 
 8/13/2018 
 
 4.2 

4.11 
 
 Form of Underwriter s Common Stock Purchase Warrant, dated August 13, 2018. 
 
 8-K 
 
 8/13/2018 
 
 4.3 

4.12 
 
 Form of Investor Warrant issued April 3, 2019. 
 
 8-K 
 
 4/03/2019 
 
 4.1 

4.13 
 
 Form of Placement Agent Warrant issued April 3, 2019. 
 
 8-K 
 
 4/03/2019 
 
 4.2 

4.14 
 
 Form of Common Stock Purchase Warrant issued September 27, 2019. 
 
 8-K 
 
 9/27/2019 
 
 4.1 

4.15 
 
 Form of Underwriters Common Stock Purchase Warrant issued September 27, 2019. 
 
 8-K 
 
 9/27/2019 
 
 4.3 

4.16 
 
 Form of Investor Warrant issued on February 19, 2020. 
 
 8-K 
 
 2/19/2020 
 
 4.1 

4.17 
 
 Form of Placement Agent Warrant issued on February 19, 2020. 
 
 8-K 
 
 2/19/2020 
 
 4.2 

4.18 
 
 Form of Investor Warrant issued May 18, 2020. 
 
 8-K 
 
 5/18/2020 
 
 4.1 

4.19 
 
 Form of Placement Agent Warrant issued May 18, 2020. 
 
 8-K 
 
 5/18/2020 
 
 4.2 

4.20 
 
 Form of Underwriter Warrant issued August 10, 2020. 
 
 8-K 
 
 8/10/2020 
 
 4.1 

4.21 
 
 Form of investor warrant issued January 27, 2021. 	 
 
 8-K 
 
 1/27/2021 
 
 4.1 

51 

Exhibit 
Number 
 
 Description of Document 
 
 Registrant s 
Form 
 
 Dated 
 
 Exhibit 
Number 
 
 Filed 
Herewith 

4.22 

Form
 of placement agent warrant issued January 27, 2021. 

8-K 
 
 1/27/2021 
 
 4.2 

4.23 

Form
 of Registration Rights Agreement, dated January 24, 2021, by and between Citius Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and the purchasers signatory thereto. 

8-K 
 
 1/27/2021 
 
 4.3 

4.24 

Form
 of investor warrant issued February 19, 2021. 

8-K 
 
 2/19/2021 
 
 4.1 

4.25 
 
 Form of placement agent warrant issued February 19, 2021 
 
 8-K 
 
 2/19/2021 
 
 4.2 

10.1 
 
 Citius Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 2014 Stock Incentive Plan. 
 
 10-Q 
 
 8/15/2016 
 
 10.1 

10.2 
 
 Form of Citius Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 2014 Stock Incentive Plan Nonqualified Stock Option. 
 
 10-Q 
 
 8/15/2016 
 
 10.2 

10.3 
 
 Employment Agreement between Myron Holubiak and Citius Pharmaceuticals, Inc., executed March 30, 2016, effective March 1, 2016. 
 
 8-K 
 
 4/5/2016 
 
 10.1 

10.4 
 
 Second Amendment to the Patent and Technology License Agreement between Novel Anti-Infective Technologies, LLC and Leonard-Meron Biosciences, Inc., dated March 20, 2017. 
 
 10-Q 
 
 5/15/2017 
 
 10.8 

10.5 
 
 Future Advance Convertible Promissory Note between Leonard Mazur and Citius Pharmaceuticals, Inc., dated May 10, 2017. 
 
 10-Q 
 
 5/15/2017 
 
 10.1 

10.6 
 
 Amended and Restated Demand Convertible Promissory Note between Leonard Mazur and Citius Pharmaceuticals, Inc., dated May 10, 2017. 
 
 10-Q 
 
 5/15/2017 
 
 10.3 

10.7 
 
 Warrant Agent Agreement between VStock Transfer, LLC and Citius Pharmaceuticals, Inc., dated August 3, 2017. 
 
 8-K 
 
 8/4/2017 
 
 4.1 

10.8 
 
 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement between Leonard Mazur and Citius Pharmaceuticals, Inc., dated October 19, 2017. 
 
 10-K 
 
 12/11/2018 
 
 10.23 

10.9 
 
 Employment Agreement between Jaime Bartushak and Citius Pharmaceuticals, Inc., dated November 27, 2017. 
 
 8-K 
 
 12/1/2017 
 
 10.1 

10.10 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement between Citius Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and the purchasers named therein, dated December 15, 2017. 
 
 8-K 
 
 12/19/2017 
 
 10.1 

10.11 
 
 Citius Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 2018 Omnibus Stock Incentive Plan 
 
 10-Q 
 
 2/14/2018 
 
 10.2 

10.12 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement between Citius Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and the purchasers named therein, dated March 28, 2018. 
 
 8-K 
 
 3/29/2018 
 
 10.1 

10.13+ 
 
 Patent and Technology License Agreement, dated January 2, 2019, between the Board of Regents of the University of Texas System on behalf of the University of Texas M. D. Anderson Cancer Center and Citius Pharmaceuticals, Inc . 
 
 10-Q 
 
 2/14/2019 
 
 10.1 

10.14 
 
 First Amendment, dated October 15, 2015, to Patent and Technology License Agreement, dated May 14, 2014, between Novel Anti-Infective Technologies, LLC and Leonard-Meron Biosciences, Inc. 
 
 10-Q 
 
 2/14/2019 
 
 10.2 

52 

Exhibit 
Number 
 
 Description of Document 
 
 Registrant s 
Form 
 
 Dated 
 
 Exhibit 
Number 
 
 Filed 
Herewith 

10.15+ 
 
 Patent and Technology License Agreement, dated May 14, 2014, between Novel Anti-Infective Technologies, LLC and Leonard-Meron Biosciences, Inc. 
 
 10-Q 
 
 2/14/2019 
 
 10.3 

10.16 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement, dated April 1, 2019, by and between Citius Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and the purchasers named therein. 
 
 8-K 
 
 4/03/2019 
 
 10.1 

10.17 
 
 Citius Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 2020 Omnibus Stock Incentive Plan. 
 
 Schedule 14A 
 
 12/20/2019 
 
 Appendix A 

10.18 
 
 Form of Notice of Stock Option Grant and Stock Option Award Agreement. 
 
 10-Q 
 
 2/13/2020 
 
 10.2 

10.19 
 
 Form of Warrant Exercise Agreement, dated February 14, 2020, by and between Citius Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and the investor signatory thereto. 
 
 8-K 
 
 2/19/2020 
 
 10.1 

10.20 
 
 Form of Warrant Exercise Agreement, dated February 14, 2020, by and between Citius Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and the investor signatory thereto. 
 
 8-K 
 
 2/19/2020 
 
 10.2 

10.21 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement, dated May 14, 2020, by and between Citius Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and the purchasers signatory thereto. 
 
 8-K 
 
 5/18/2020 
 
 10.1 

10.22 
 
 Engagement letter, dated February 14, 2020, between Citius Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and the purchasers signatory thereto. 
 
 8-K 
 
 5/18/2020 
 
 10.2 

10.23 
 
 Employment Agreement, effective as of July 14, 2020, between Citius Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and Myron Czuczman. 
 
 10-Q 
 
 8/14/2020 
 
 10.3 

10.24 
 
 License Agreement, dated October 6, 2020, between NoveCite, Inc. and Novellus Therapeutics, Limited.+ 
 
 10-K 
 
 12/16/2020 
 
 10.24 

10.25 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement, dated January 24, 2021, by and between Citius Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and the purchasers signatory thereto. 
 
 8-K 
 
 1/27/2021 
 
 10.1 

10.26 
 
 Engagement letter, dated January 23, 2021, between Citius Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and H. C. Wainwright Co., LLC 
 
 8-K 
 
 1/27/2021 
 
 10.2 

10.27 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement, dated February 16, 2021, by and between Citius Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and the purchasers signatory thereto. 
 
 8-K 
 
 2/19/2021 
 
 10.1 

10.28 
 
 Citius Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 2021 Omnibus Incentive Stock Plan. 
 
 Schedule 14A 
 
 4/12/2021 
 
 Appendix B 

10.29 
 
 Form of Notice of Stock Option Grant and Stock Option Award Agreement. 

X 
 
 10.30+ 
 
 Asset Purchase Agreement, dated as of September 1, 2021, between Dr. Reddy s Laboratories S.A. and Citius Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 

X 
 
 10.31+ 
 
 Amended and Restated License, Development and Commercialization Agreement, dated as of February 26, 2018, between Eisai, Ltd. and Dr. Reddy s Laboratories S.A. 

X 

53 

Exhibit 
Number 
 
 Description of Document 
 
 Registrant s 
Form 
 
 Dated 
 
 Exhibit 
Number 
 
 Filed 
Herewith 

10.32+ 
 
 Amendment to Amended and Restated License, Development and Commercialization Agreement, dated as of August 9, 2018, between Eisai, Ltd. and Dr. Reddy s Laboratories S.A. 

X 
 
 10.33+ 
 
 Amendment No. 2 to Amended and Restated License, Development and Commercialization Agreement, dated as of August 31, 2021, between Eisai, Ltd. and Dr. Reddy s Laboratories S.A. 

X 
 
 21 
 
 Subsidiaries. 
 
 -- 
 
 -- 
 
 -- 
 
 X 
 
 23.1 
 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 
 
 -- 
 
 -- 
 
 -- 
 
 X 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a). 
 
 -- 
 
 -- 
 
 -- 
 
 X 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a). 
 
 -- 
 
 -- 
 
 -- 
 
 X 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of the Chief
 Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes Oxley
 Act of 2002. 
 
 -- 
 
 -- 
 
 -- 
 
 X 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document 
 
 -- 
 
 -- 
 
 -- 
 
 X 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 
 
 -- 
 
 -- 
 
 -- 
 
 X 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase
 Document. 
 
 -- 
 
 -- 
 
 -- 
 
 X 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase
 Document. 
 
 -- 
 
 -- 
 
 -- 
 
 X 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 
 
 -- 
 
 -- 
 
 -- 
 
 X 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase
 Document. 
 
 -- 
 
 -- 
 
 -- 
 
 X 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline
 XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 
 
 -- 
 
 -- 
 
 -- 
 
 X 

+ Portions
of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)10 of Regulation S-K. 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary. 

Not applicable. 

54 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or
15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
thereunto duly authorized. 

CITIUS PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. 

Date: December 15, 2021 
 By: 
 /s/ Myron Holubiak 

Myron Holubiak 

President and Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and
on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ Leonard Mazur 
 
 Executive Chairman of the Board of Directors 
 
 December 15, 2021 
 
 Leonard Mazur 

/s/ Myron Holubiak 
 
 President and Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 
 December 15, 2021 
 
 Myron Holubiak 
 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Jaime Bartushak 
 
 Chief Financial Officer and Chief Accounting Officer 
 
 December 15, 2021 
 
 Jaime Bartushak 
 
 (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

/s/ Suren Dutia 
 
 Director 
 
 December 15, 2021 
 
 Suren Dutia 

/s/ Carol Webb 
 
 Director 
 
 December 15, 2021 
 
 Carol Webb 

/s/ William Kane 
 
 Director 
 
 December 15, 2021 
 
 William Kane 

/s/ Howard Safir 
 
 Director 
 
 December 15, 2021 
 
 Howard Safir 

/s/ Eugene Holuka 
 
 Director 
 
 December 15, 2021 
 
 Eugene Holuka 

55 

<EX-10.29>
 2
 f10k2021ex10-29_citiuspharma.htm
 FORM OF NOTICE OF STOCK OPTION GRANT AND STOCK OPTION AWARD AGREEMENT

Exhibit 10.29 

CITIUS PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. 

 2021 OMNIBUS STOCK INCENTIVE PLAN 

NOTICE OF STOCK OPTION GRANT 

(Grantee name and address) 

You have been granted an option
to purchase shares of the Common Stock of Citius Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (the Company as follows, subject to the terms
of the Citius Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 2021 Omnibus Stock Incentive Plan (the Plan and the attached Stock Option Award
Agreement. 

Date of Grant: 

Vesting Commencement Date: 

Exercise Price per Share: 

Total Number of Shares Subject to Option: 

Total Exercise Price: 

Type of Option: 
 
 Incentive Stock Option (ISO) 

Non-Statutory Stock Option (NSO) 

Note: If the Option is designated a Non-Statutory
Stock Option above, or if the Option otherwise fails to qualify as an incentive stock option pursuant to Section 422 of the Code, then
this Option will not be treated as an incentive stock option within the meaning of Section 422 of the Code. 

Term/Expiration Date: 10 Years/ 

Vesting Schedule: 
 
 Subject to the Plan and the Stock Option Award Agreement, this Option
 may be exercised, in whole or in part, in accordance with the following schedule: 
 
 [EXAMPLE FOR EMPLOYEES: The Option will vest as to 1/36th of the shares
 subject to the Option on the last day of each month for a period of thirty-six (36) months beginning with the month after the Vesting
 Commencement Date, provided that Grantee provides Continuous Service to the Company or a Related Entity as of each such vesting date.] 
 
 [DIRECTOR VESTING: The Option will vest as to on first anniversary
 of the Vesting Commencement Date, provided that Grantee provides Continuous Service to the Company or a Related Entity as of each such
 vesting date.] 
 
 [IF NOT USING STANDARD VESTING, PROVIDE CUSTOM LANGUAGE: _________
 ] 

Exercise Period: 
 The Option may be exercised for up to three months after the termination of Continuous Service to the Company or a Related Entity, except as set out in Section 4 of the Stock Option Award Agreement (but in no event later than the Expiration Date); provided that upon a termination for Cause the Option will be immediately terminated. 

[SIGNATURE PAGE
FOLLOWS] 

By
your signature and the signature of the Company s representative
below, you and the Company agree that this Option is granted under and governed by the terms and conditions of the Plan and the Stock
Option Agreement, all of which are attached and made a part of this document. 

COMPANY : 

Citius Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Address: 

GRANTEE : 

[GRANTEE NAME] 

Address: 

2 

CITIUS PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. 

 2021 OMNIBUS STOCK INCENTIVE PLAN 

STOCK OPTION Award Agreement 

This Stock Option Award Agreement
(this Agreement is made by and between Citius Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (the Company and _____________________ Grantee effective as of the Date of Grant shown on the accompanying Notice of Stock Option Grant (the Grant
Notice ). Capitalized terms not explicitly defined in this Agreement or the Grant Notice but defined in the Company s
2021 Omnibus Stock Incentive Plan (the Plan will have the same definition and meaning as in the Plan. 

1. Grant
of Option. The Company has granted to Grantee an option to purchase, on the terms and conditions set forth in the Plan and this Agreement,
all or any part of the number of Shares described in the Grant Notice, at the Exercise Price set forth in the Grant Notice (the Option ),
subject to adjustment as set forth in Section 13 of the Plan. 

2. Vesting . 
Subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the Plan and this Agreement, the Option will vest as provided in the Grant Notice, provided
that vesting will cease upon the termination of Grantee s Continuous Service. 

3. Forfeiture;
Expiration. Any unvested portion of the Option will be forfeited immediately, automatically, and without consideration upon a termination
of Grantee s Continuous Service for any reason. In the event Grantee s Continuous Service is terminated for Cause, the vested
portion of the Option will also be forfeited immediately, automatically, and without consideration upon that termination for Cause. Any
unexercised vested portion of the Option will expire on the Expiration Date set forth in the Grant Notice. 

4. Period
of Exercise . Subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the Plan and this Agreement,
Grantee may exercise all or any part of the vested portion of the Option at any time prior to the earliest to occur of: 

(a) the
Expiration Date indicated in the Grant Notice; 

(b) the
effective date of the termination of Grantee s Continuous Service for Cause; 

(c) the
date that is 12 months after the termination of Grantee s Continuous Service due to his or her death or Disability, provided, however,
that in the event Grantee dies within such 12 month period after the termination of Grantee s Continuous Service due to his or her
Disability, the period for exercise will be extended until the date twelve (12) months after his or her death (but in no event later than
the Expiration Date); or 

(d) the
date that is three months after the termination of Grantee s Continuous Service for any reason other than Cause, Disability or death;
provided however, that in the event that Grantee dies within such three-month period, the period for exercise will be extended until the
date 12 months after his or her death (but in no event later than the Expiration Date). 

3 

5. Exercise
of Option. Grantee or, in the case of Grantee s death or Disability, Grantee s representative, may exercise all or any
part of the vested portion of the Option by delivering to the Company at its principal office a written notice of exercise in the form
attached as Exhibit A or any other form that the Administrator may permit (such notice, a Notice of Exercise ).
The Notice of Exercise will be signed by the person exercising the Option. In the event that the Option is being exercised by Grantee s
representative, the Notice of Exercise will be accompanied by proof (satisfactory to the Administrator) of the representative s
right to exercise the Option. In addition, any exercise of the Option, whether in whole or in part, is subject to the following conditions: 

(a) Grantee
(or Grantee s representative, if applicable) will deliver to the Company, at the time of giving the Notice of Exercise, payment
in a form permissible under Section 6 below for the full amount of the Purchase Price. 

(b) Grantee
(or Grantee s representative, if applicable) may exercise the Option only for whole Shares. 

(c) Grantee
(or Grantee s representative, if applicable) may not exercise the Option unless the tax withholding obligations of the Company and/or
any Related Entity, as described in Section 9 below, are satisfied. 

(d) In
the event that Grantee is an employee eligible for overtime compensation under the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938, as amended (sometimes
referred to as a non-exempt employee ), then he or she may not exercise the Option until he or she has completed at least
six months of Continuous Service measured from the Date of Grant specified in the Grant Notice, notwithstanding any other provision of
the Option. 

6. Payment
for Shares. The Purchase Price will be the Exercise Price multiplied by the number of Shares with respect to
which the Option is being exercised. The Purchase Price may be paid as follows: 

(a) in
cash; 

(b) by
check or money order; 

(c) by
surrender to the Company (either by actual delivery or attestation) of already-owned shares of Common Stock that are owned by Grantee
free and clear of any liens, claims, encumbrances or security interests, with a Fair Market Value on the date of surrender or attestation
equal to the Purchase Price (provided that Grantee may not exercise the Option by tender to the Company of Common Stock to the extent
such tender would violate the provisions of any law, regulation or agreement restricting the redemption of the Company s stock); 

(d) through
a formal net exercise arrangement adopted by the Company pursuant to which the Grantee may exercise the Option and receive
the net number of Shares equal to (i) the number of Shares as to which the Option is being exercised, multiplied by (ii) a fraction,
the numerator of which is the Fair Market Value per Share (on such date as is determined by the Administrator) less the Exercise Price
per Share, and the denominator of which is such Fair Market Value per Share; 

4 

(e) through
a broker-dealer sale and remittance procedure pursuant to which the Grantee (i) provides written instructions to a Company designated
brokerage firm to effect the immediate sale of some or all of the purchased Shares and remit to the Company sufficient funds to cover
the aggregate Exercise Price payable for the purchased Shares and (ii) provides written directives to the Company to deliver the certificates
(or other evidence satisfactory to the Company to the extent that the Shares are uncertificated) for the purchased Shares directly to
such brokerage firm in order to complete the sale transaction; or 

(f) through
any combination of the foregoing methods of payment. 

7. Securities
Law Compliance . No Shares will be issued pursuant to this Agreement unless and until
all then applicable requirements imposed by federal and state securities and other laws, rules and regulations and by any regulatory agencies
having jurisdiction, and by any exchanges upon which the Shares may be listed, have been fully met. The Company may impose such conditions
on any Shares issuable pursuant to this Agreement as it may deem advisable, including, without limitation, restrictions under the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended, under the requirements of any exchange upon which shares of the same class are then listed and under any blue
sky or other securities laws applicable to those Shares. 

8. Tax
Consequences . Set forth below is a brief summary as of the date of this Option of some of the U.S. federal income tax consequences
of exercise of this Option and disposition of the Shares issued as a result of the exercise thereof. THIS SUMMARY IS NECESSARILY INCOMPLETE,
AND THE TAX LAWS AND REGULATIONS ARE SUBJECT TO CHANGE. THIS SUMMARY DOES NOT INCLUDE ANY DISCUSSION OF STATE, LOCAL, OR FOREIGN TAX CONSEQUENCES
OR ANY FEDERAL TAX CONSEQUENCES OTHER THAN INCOME TAX. BESIDES THE INCOME TAX ITEMS SUMMARIZED BELOW, EMPLOYMENT OR SELF-EMPLOYMENT TAXES
MAY ALSO APPLY WITH RESPECT TO THE OPTION. GRANTEE SHOULD CONSULT HIS OR HER PERSONAL TAX ADVISOR BEFORE EXERCISING THIS OPTION OR DISPOSING
OF THE SHARES. 

(a) Exercise
of ISO . If this Option qualifies as an ISO, there will be no regular federal income tax liability upon the exercise of the Option,
although the excess, if any, of the fair market value of the Shares on the date of exercise over the Purchase Price will be treated as
an item of adjustment to the alternative minimum tax for federal tax purposes in the year of exercise and may subject Grantee to the alternative
minimum tax. 

(b) Exercise
of Non-Statutory Stock Option . If this Option does not qualify as an ISO, there may be a regular federal income tax liability upon
the exercise of the Option. Grantee will be treated in such event as having received compensation income (taxable at ordinary income tax
rates) equal to the excess, if any, of the fair market value of the Shares on the date of exercise over the Purchase Price. If Grantee
is an employee, the Company will generally be required to withhold from Grantee s compensation or collect from Grantee and pay to
the applicable taxing authorities an amount equal to a percentage of this compensation income at the time of exercise (see Section 9 below). 

5 

(c) Disposition
of Shares . In the case of an NSO, if Shares are held for more than one year after the date of the taxable compensation event, under
current law any gain realized on disposition of the Shares will generally be treated as long-term capital gain for federal income tax
purposes. In the case of an ISO, if Shares transferred pursuant to the Option are held for more than one year after exercise and are disposed
of more than two years after the Date of Grant, any gain realized on disposition of the Shares will generally also be treated as long-term
capital gain for federal income tax purposes. If Shares purchased under an ISO are disposed of within the later of (1) the date two
years after the Date of Grant, or (2) the date one year after the date of exercise (such disposition a Disqualifying Disposition ),
any gain realized on such disposition will be treated as compensation income (taxable at ordinary income rates) in an amount equal to
the excess of (1) the lesser of (A) the fair market value of the Shares on the date of exercise, or (B) the sale price of the Shares over
(2) the Purchase Price paid for those Shares. The gain realized in excess of such amount, if any, will generally be eligible for capital
gains treatment (either short-term or long-term, depending upon the length of time the Shares were held prior to disposition). 

(d) Notice
of Disqualifying Disposition of ISO Shares . If the Option is designated as an ISO, then in the event of a Disqualifying Disposition,
Grantee will immediately, and in any event not later than fifteen (15) days after such disposition, notify the Company in writing of such
disposition. 

9. Withholding
Obligations. Grantee may incur Tax Obligations under federal, state, local, and/or foreign law, in connection with the grant, vesting,
or exercise of the Option, the ownership of the Shares, and other actions taken pursuant to this Agreement, and the Company may be required
to satisfy by withholding from Grantee s compensation or otherwise collect from Grantee. Grantee agrees that the Company (or a Related
Entity) may condition the exercise of the Option upon the satisfaction of such withholding tax obligations, and may satisfy such withholding
obligations by any of the following means or by a combination of such means, in the Administrator s discretion: (i) withholding
from any compensation otherwise payable to Grantee by the Company; (ii) causing Grantee to tender a cash payment; or (iii) withholding
from the Shares otherwise issuable to Grantee upon exercise of the Option the number of Shares with a Fair Market Value (measured as of
the date the tax withholding obligations are to be determined) equal to the amount of such tax withholding; provided, however, that the
number of such Shares so withheld will not exceed the amount necessary to satisfy the Company s required tax withholding obligations
using the statutory withholding rates for federal, state, local and foreign tax purposes, including payroll taxes, that are applicable
to supplemental taxable income (or such lesser amount as may be necessary to avoid classification of the Shares as a liability for financial
accounting purposes). Grantee understands that all matters with respect to the total amount of taxes to be withheld in respect of such
compensation income will be determined by the Administrator in its reasonable discretion. Grantee further understands that, although the
Company will pay withheld amounts to the applicable taxing authorities, Grantee remains responsible for payment of all taxes due as a
result of income arising under the Agreement. 

10. Rights
as a Stockholder. Neither Grantee nor anyone claiming through him/her will have any rights as a stockholder of the Company with respect
to any Shares subject to the Option until the Grantee has exercised the Option as described herein and the Shares are delivered (as evidenced
by delivery of a certificate for such Shares or the appropriate entry on the books of the Company or of a duly authorized transfer agent
of the Company). 

6 

11. Transferability . 
The Option may not be sold, pledged, assigned, hypothecated, transferred, except by will or by the laws of descent and distribution, and
is exercisable during Grantee s life only by Grantee. Notwithstanding the foregoing, by delivering written notice to the Company,
in a form satisfactory to the Administrator, Grantee may designate a third party who, in the event of Grantee s death, will thereafter
be entitled to exercise the Option. 

12. Option
not a Service Contract . Neither the Option nor this Agreement is an employment or service
contract, and nothing in this Agreement or the Grant Notice creates or will be deemed to create in any way whatsoever any obligation on
Grantee s part to continue in the service of the Company or a Related Entity, or of the Company or a Related Entity to continue
Grantee s service. 

13. Governing
Plan Document . This Option is subject to all the provisions of the Plan, the provisions
of which are hereby made a part of this Agreement, and is further subject to all interpretations, amendments, rules and regulations, which
may from time to time be promulgated and adopted pursuant to the Plan. Grantee acknowledges receipt of a copy of the Plan. In the event
of any conflict between the provisions of this Agreement and those of the Plan, the provisions of the Plan will control. 

14. Miscellaneous.

(a) Notices .
Any notice, demand or request required or permitted to be given pursuant to the terms of this Agreement will be in writing and will be
deemed given when delivered personally, one day after deposit with a recognized international delivery service (such as FedEx), or three
days after deposit in the U.S. mail, first class, certified or registered, return receipt requested, with postage prepaid, in each case
addressed to the parties at the addresses of the parties set forth in the Grant Notice or such other address as a party may designate
by notifying the other in writing. 

(b) Successors
and Assigns . The provisions of this Agreement will inure to the benefit of, and be binding upon, the Company and its successors and
assigns and upon the Grantee, Grantee s executor, personal representative(s), distributees, administrators, permitted transferees,
permitted assignees, beneficiaries, and legatee(s), as applicable, whether or not any such person will have become a party to this Agreement
and have agreed in writing to be joined herein and be bound by the terms hereof. 

(c) Severability .
The provisions of this Agreement are severable, and if any one or more provisions are determined to be illegal or otherwise unenforceable,
in whole or in part, then the remaining provisions will nevertheless be binding and enforceable. 

(d) Amendment .
Except as otherwise provided in the Plan, this Agreement will not be amended unless the amendment is agreed to in writing by both Grantee
and the Company. 

(e) Choice
of Law . This Agreement will be construed and enforced in accordance with and governed by the laws of the State of Nevada, without
giving effect to the choice of law rules of any jurisdiction. 

(f) Entire
Agreement . This Agreement, along with the Grant Notice and the Plan, constitutes the entire agreement between the parties hereto with
regard to the subject matter hereof, and supersedes any other agreements, representations or understandings (whether oral or written and
whether express or implied) that relate to such subject matter. 

7 

EXHIBIT A 

Citius
Pharmaceuticals , INC. 

 2021 OMNIBUS STOCK INCENTIVE PLAN 

NOTICE OF EXERCISE 

Citius Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 

Attention: President 

Date of Exercise: 

1. Exercise
of Option . This constitutes notice to Citius Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (the Company that, pursuant to the Citius
Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 2021 Omnibus Stock Incentive Plan (the Plan and the Stock Option Award Agreement, dated ___________,
20__ (the Award Agreement ), I elect to purchase the number of Shares set forth below for the price set forth below. 

Number of Shares as to 
 which Option is exercised 
 (the Optioned Shares ): 

Exercise Price per Share: 

Total Purchase Price: 

2. Delivery
of Payment . With this notice, I hereby deliver to the Company the full Purchase Price for the Optioned Shares, in a form permitted
by the Award Agreement. 

3. Representations .
By signing and delivering this notice to the Company, I acknowledge that I am the holder of the Option exercised by this notice and have
full power and authority to exercise the Option. I further represent that I have received, read, and understood the Plan and the Award
Agreement, and I confirm my agreement to abide by and be bound by their terms and conditions. Capitalized terms used and not otherwise
defined in this notice will have the meanings ascribed to those terms in the Award Agreement. 

4. Compliance
with Securities Laws . Notwithstanding any other provision of the Award Agreement to the contrary, the exercise of any rights to purchase
any Optioned Shares is expressly conditioned upon compliance with the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ),
all applicable state securities laws and all applicable requirements of any stock exchange or over the counter market on which the Company s
Common Stock may be listed or traded at the time of exercise and transfer. I agree to cooperate with the Company to ensure compliance
with such laws. I further understand that the Optioned Shares cannot be resold and must be held indefinitely unless they are registered
under the Securities Act or unless an exemption from such registration is available and that the certificate(s) representing the
Optioned Shares may bear a legend to that effect. I understand that the Company is under no obligation to register the Optioned Shares
and that an exemption may not be available or may not permit me to transfer Optioned Shares in the amounts or at the times I may desire. 

1 

5. Tax
Withholding . I acknowledge that my exercise of the Option may result in Tax Obligations which require the Company to withhold certain
amounts to satisfy federal, state, local, and/or foreign taxes. I agree to satisfy such tax withholding obligations as described in Section
9 of the Award Agreement. 

6. Rights
as Stockholder . While the Company will endeavor to process this notice in a timely manner, I acknowledge that, until the issuance
of the Optioned Shares (or, in the Company s discretion, in un-certificated form, upon the books of the Company s transfer
agent) and my satisfaction of any other conditions imposed by the Company pursuant to the Plan or as set forth in the Award Agreement,
no right to vote or receive dividends or any other rights as a stockholder will exist with respect to the Optioned Shares, notwithstanding
the exercise of my Option. No adjustment will be made for a dividend or other right for which the record date is prior to the date of
issuance of the Optioned Shares. 

7. Tax
Consultation . I understand that I may experience adverse tax consequences as a result of my exercise of the Option or my disposition
of the Optioned Shares. I represent that I have consulted with any tax consultants I deem advisable in connection with the exercise of
the Option and/or the disposition of the Optioned Shares and that I am not relying on the Company or its agents for any tax advice. 

8. Interpretation .
Any dispute regarding the interpretation of this notice will be resolved by the Administrator in its discretion, and the Administrator s
determination will be final and binding on all parties. 

9. Entire
Agreement . The Plan and the Award Agreement under which the Optioned Shares were granted are incorporated herein by reference and,
together with this notice, constitute the entire agreement of the parties with respect to the subject matter of this notice. 

GRANTEE: 

Print Name: 

Address: 

2 

</EX-10.29>

<EX-10.30>
 3
 f10k2021ex10-30_citiuspharma.htm
 ASSET PURCHASE AGREEMENT

Exhibit 10.30 

Information in this exhibit marked [ ] has
been excluded pursuant to Regulation S-K, Item 601(b)(10). Such information is not material and is the type of information that the registrant
treats as private or confidential. 

ASSET PURCHASE AGREEMENT 

BY AND BETWEEN 

DR. REDDY S LABORATORIES S.A., 

AS SELLER 

AND 

CITIUS PHARMACEUTICALS, INC., 

AS PURCHASER 

DATED AS OF 

September 1, 2021 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

ARTICLE I DEFINITIONS AND INTERPRETATION 
 1 

Section 1.01 
 Defined Terms. 
 1 
 
 Section 1.02 
 Other Definitional and Interpretive Provisions. 
 1 

ARTICLE II PURCHASE AND SALE; LICENSE GRANTS 
 2 

Section 2.01 
 Purchase and Sale of Purchased Assets. 
 2 
 
 Section 2.02 
 Further Expenses and Studies; Other Commitments . 
 4 

ARTICLE III PURCHASE PRICE 
 4 

Section 3.01 
 Purchase Price. 
 4 
 
 Section 3.02 
 Payment Terms; Transfer Taxes. 
 8 
 
 Section 3.03 
 Additional Covenants relating to the Milestone Payments and Quarterly Earn-Out Payments. 
 9 
 
 Section 3.04 
 Additional Covenants relating to Milestone Events. 
 10 

ARTICLE IV CLOSING 
 12 

Section 4.01 
 Closing . 
 12 
 
 Section 4.02 
 Closing Deliverables. 
 1 2 

ARTICLE V REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF SELLER 
 14 

Section 5.01 
 Organization and Authority of the Seller . 
 14 
 
 Section 5.02 
 Authority, Non-Contravention, Required Filings. 
 14 
 
 Section 5.03 
 Purchased Assets 
 15 
 
 Section 5.04 
 Acquired Contracts. 
 15 
 
 Section 5.05 
 Compliance with Law; Permits; Regulatory Matters. 
 15 
 
 Section 5.06 
 Brokers 
 17 
 
 Section 5.07 
 Litigation. 
 17 
 
 Section 5.08 
 Intellectual Property. 
 18 
 
 Section 5.09 
 No Other Assets. 
 18 
 
 Section 5.10 
 No Other Representations and Warranties 
 18 

ARTICLE VI REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF PURCHASER 
 19 

Section 6.01 
 Organization and Authority of the Purchaser 
 19 
 
 Section 6.02 
 Authority; Non-Contravention, Required Filings. 
 19 
 
 Section 6.03 
 Legal Proceedings 
 20 
 
 Section 6.04 
 Sufficiency of Funds 
 2 0 
 
 Section 6.05 
 Brokers 
 2 0 
 
 Section 6.06 
 Financial Statements . 
 2 0 
 
 Section 6.07 
 Solvency 
 2 1 
 
 Section 6.08 
 Independent Investigation; No Other Warranties 
 2 1 

i 

ARTICLE VII COVENANTS 
 21 

Section 7.01 
 Confidentiality 
 2 1 
 
 Section 7.02 
 Preservation of Books and Records . 
 22 
 
 Section 7.03 
 Public Announcements 
 23 
 
 Section 7.04 
 Further Assurances 
 2 3 
 
 Section 7.05 
 Certain Intellectual Property Matters. 
 24 
 
 Section 7.06 
 License to Licensed Know-How. 
 2 4 

ARTICLE VIII NON-COMPETE AND NON-SOLICITATION RESTRICTIONS 
 2 4 

Section 8.01 
 Non-Compete. 
 2 4 
 
 Section 8.02 
 Non-Solicitation . 
 2 4 
 
 Section 8.03 
 Acknowledgements; Remedies. 
 2 4 

ARTICLE IX INDEMNIFICATION 
 25 

Section 9.01 
 Survival 
 2 5 
 
 Section 9.02 
 Indemnification by Seller 
 2 5 
 
 Section 9.03 
 Indemnification by Purchaser 
 26 
 
 Section 9.04 
 Notice of Direct Claims. 
 2 6 
 
 Section 9.05 
 Third Party Claims. 
 27 
 
 Section 9.06 
 Limitations on Indemnification; Limitations on Liability. 
 28 
 
 Section 9.07 
 Exclusion of Certain Damages 
 29 
 
 Section 9.08 
 Purchaser s Opportunity to Review. 
 2 9 
 
 Section 9.09 
 Adjustment to Purchase Price 
 30 
 
 Section 9.10 
 Reimbursement 
 30 
 
 Section 9.11 
 Losses Net of Insurance 
 30 
 
 Section 9.12 
 Subrogation 
 30 
 
 Section 9.13 
 Sole Remedy/Waiver 
 30 

ARTICLE X MISCELLANEOUS 
 31 

Section 10.01 
 Expenses 
 31 
 
 Section 10.02 
 Notices 
 31 
 
 Section 10.03 
 Severability 
 31 
 
 Section 10.04 
 Entire Agreement 
 31 
 
 Section 10.05 
 Successors and Assigns 
 32 
 
 Section 10.06 
 No Third Party Beneficiaries 
 32 
 
 Section 10.07 
 Amendment and Waiver 
 32 
 
 Section 10.08 
 Governing Law; Jurisdiction. 
 33 
 
 Section 10.09 
 WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL 
 33 
 
 Section 10.10 
 Specific Performance 
 34 
 
 Section 10.11 
 No Other Duties 
 34 
 
 Section 10.12 
 Reliance on Counsel and Other Advisors 
 34 
 
 Section 10.13 
 Bulk Transfer Laws 
 34 
 
 Section 10.14 
 Setoff Rights 
 34 
 
 Section 10.15 
 Counterparts 
 34 

ii 

List of Exhibits and Schedules 

Seller Disclosure Schedules 

Exhibit A 
 Acquired Contracts 

Exhibit B 
 Bill of Sale Assignment and Assumption Agreement 

Exhibit C 
 Assignment of Patents 

Exhibit D 
 Knowledge of the Purchaser 

Exhibit E 
 Knowledge of the Seller 

Exhibit F 
 Purchased Patents 

Exhibit G 
 Purchased Trademarks 

Exhibit H 
 Transition Services Agreement 

Exhibit I 
 Inventory Letter 

Schedule 1.01 
 Definitions 

Annex A 
 Proof of Concept Plan 

Annex B 
 Compound 

Schedule 2.01(e) 
 Certain Acquired Contracts 

Schedule 2.01(g) 
 Proration Schedule 

iii 

ASSET PURCHASE AGREEMENT 

This Asset Purchase Agreement (this Agreement dated as of September 1, 2021 (the Effective Date by and between Dr. Reddy s Laboratories S.A., a company
incorporated under the laws of Switzerland and having its principal place of business located at Elisabethenanlage 11, CH - 4051, Basel,
Switzerland (the Seller and Citius Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a Nevada corporation having its principal place of business
located at 11 Commerce Drive, First Floor, Cranford, New Jersey 07016 (the Purchaser ). The Seller and the Purchaser
may be collectively referred to herein as the Parties and each, individually, as a Party . 

RECITALS 

WHEREAS , the Seller
desires to sell, transfer and assign to the Purchaser, and the Purchaser desires to acquire from the Seller, all of the Purchased Assets
and Assumed Liabilities, all as more specifically, and subject to the terms and conditions, provided herein; 

NOW, THEREFORE , in
consideration of the premises and the mutual covenants and agreements contained herein, the Parties, intending to be legally bound hereby,
do agree as follows: 

ARTICLE I 

 DEFINITIONS AND INTERPRETATION 

Section 1.01 Defined
Terms. Capitalized terms used in this Agreement have the meanings specified in Schedule 1.01, or as otherwise defined
within this Agreement. 

Section 1.02 Other
Definitional and Interpretive Provisions. 

(a) The
words hereof , herein , hereto and hereunder and words of similar import, when used
in this Agreement, shall refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to any particular provision of this Agreement. 

(b) The
terms defined in the singular shall have a comparable meaning when used in the plural and vice versa. 

(c) The
terms dollars and shall mean United States of America dollars. 

(d) The
term including (and with correlative meaning include shall mean including, without limitation. 

(e) Reference
to any Person includes such Person s successors and assigns but, if applicable, only if such successors and assign are permitted
by this Agreement, and reference to a Person in a particular capacity excludes such Person in any other capacity. 

(f) Reference
to any agreement (including this Agreement), document or instrument means such agreement, document or instrument as amended, modified
or supplemented and in effect from time to time in accordance with the terms thereof and, if applicable, the terms hereof. 

(g) When
a reference is made in this Agreement to an Article, a Section, an Exhibit or a Schedule, such reference shall be to an Article of, a
Section of, an Exhibit to or a Schedule to, this Agreement unless otherwise indicated. 

(h) The
Parties acknowledge that: (i) this Agreement is the result of negotiations between the Parties and shall not be deemed or construed as
having been drafted by any one Party; (ii) each Party and its counsel have reviewed and negotiated the terms and provisions of this Agreement
(including any exhibits, schedules, and disclosure schedules attached hereto) and have contributed to its revision; (iii) the rule of
construction to the effect that any ambiguities are resolved against the drafting Party shall not be employed in the interpretation of
this Agreement; and (iv) the terms and provisions of this Agreement shall be construed fairly as to all Parties and not in favor of or
against any Party, regardless of which Party was generally responsible for the preparation of this Agreement. 

ARTICLE II 
PURCHASE AND SALE; LICENSE GRANTS 

Section 2.01 Purchase
and Sale of Purchased Assets . 

(a) Purchased
Assets. Upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement, at the Closing, the Seller shall (and shall cause
each of its Affiliates to) sell, convey, transfer and assign to the Purchaser, and the Purchaser shall purchase and acquire from the Seller
and its Affiliates, all of the Seller s and its Affiliates right, title, and interest in the Purchased Assets, free from
any Encumbrances except for Permitted Encumbrances. 

(b) Excluded
Assets. Other than the Purchased Assets, the Purchaser expressly understands and agrees that it is not purchasing or acquiring, and
the Seller is not selling, conveying, transferring, or assigning, any other assets or properties of the Seller (or any of the Seller s
Affiliates), and all such other assets and properties shall be excluded from the Purchased Assets (the Excluded Assets ).
For the avoidance of doubt, the Excluded Assets include all books and records of the Seller and its Affiliates (other than books and records
that constitute Regulatory Documentation or are otherwise specifically included in the definition of Purchased Assets); provided ,
however, that Purchaser shall have the right to make copies of any portions of such retained books and records that expressly relate to
any of the Purchased Assets. 

(c) Assumed
Liabilities . Upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement, the Purchaser shall, effective upon the Closing,
assume (and shall pay, perform and discharge when due) all Assumed Liabilities. 

(d) Excluded
Liabilities . Except for the Assumed Liabilities, the Purchaser will not acquire any interest in, or obligations in respect of, any
Liabilities of the Seller or any of the Seller s Affiliates (the Excluded Liabilities ). Notwithstanding anything
to the contrary, all Liabilities arising out of or relating to any breach of an Acquired Contract by Seller or any of its Affiliates prior
to the Closing, or any unauthorized use or disclosure of Eisai s confidential information by Seller or any of its Affiliates, shall
be Excluded Liabilities and not Assumed Liabilities. 

2 

(e) Consents. 

(i) Notwithstanding
any other provision of this Agreement, this Agreement does not constitute an agreement to sell, convey, assign, assume, transfer or deliver
any interest in any Acquired Contract that would be a Purchased Asset (other than the Acquired Contracts listed on Schedule 2.01(e) ,
any required Consents with respect to which shall be obtained prior to Closing), or any claim or right of any benefit arising thereunder
or resulting therefrom, if an attempted direct or indirect assignment thereof, or agreement to sell, convey, assign, assume, transfer
or deliver any such Acquired Contract, without the Consent of any Third Party, (A) would violate applicable Laws or constitute a breach
or other contravention of the rights of such Third Party (including any Governmental Authority), or (B) would be ineffective with respect
to any party to such Acquired Contract (each such Acquired Contract, other than those listed on Schedule 2.01(e) ), a Non-Assignable
Contract ). If any direct or indirect transfer or assignment or agreement to do so by the Seller (and/or the Seller s
Affiliates, as applicable) of, or any direct or indirect assumption by the Purchaser of, any interest in, or liability, obligation or
commitment under, any Non-Assignable Contract requires the Consent of a Third Party, then such transfer, assignment or assumption or agreement
to do so shall be made subject to such Consent being obtained. 

(ii) The
Purchaser acknowledges that certain Consents to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement may be required from counterparties to
Non-Assignable Contracts and that such Consents may not be obtained prior to Closing. In the event that such required Consent is not obtained
with respect to a Non-Assignable Contract, notwithstanding any other provision to the contrary set forth in this Agreement, the Purchaser
agrees that the Seller shall not have any Liability whatsoever arising out of or relating to the failure to obtain such Consent that may
have been or may be required with respect to such Non-Assignable Contract in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement,
provided that Seller complies with its obligations under in Section 2.01(e)(iii) . The Purchaser further agrees that, provided that
Seller complies with its obligations under in Section 2.01(e)(iii) , no representation, warranty or covenant of the Seller contained
herein shall be breached or deemed breached, and no condition to the Purchaser s obligations to close the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement shall be deemed not satisfied, as a result of (i) the failure to obtain any such Consent with respect to a Non-Assignable
Contract; or (ii) any Legal Proceeding commenced or threatened by or on behalf of any Person arising out of or relating to the failure
to obtain any Consent with respect to a Non-Assignable Contract. 

(iii) If
any Consent referred to in Section 2.01(e)(i) is not obtained prior to the Closing with respect to a Non-Assignable Contract, the
Closing shall nonetheless take place without any adjustment of the Purchase Price on account thereof, and thereafter each of the Seller
and the Purchaser shall use commercially reasonable efforts (A) to endeavor to obtain such Consent (provided that neither the Seller nor
the Purchaser shall be required to expend money, commence, defend or participate in any litigation or offer or grant any accommodation
(financial or otherwise) to any Third Party), and (B) to cooperate, upon written request of the Purchaser, in endeavoring to obtain for
the Purchaser, at no cost to the Seller, an arrangement to provide to the Purchaser, in compliance with Law, substantially comparable
benefits thereof. Upon obtaining the requisite Consent, such Non-Assignable Contract shall be transferred and assigned to the Purchaser
hereunder, for no additional consideration. 

3 

(f) Transfer
of Purchased Assets . As soon as practicable following the Closing (and in no event later than [ ] ([ ]) Business Days after the
Closing), the Seller shall make available to the Purchaser electronically all Purchased Assets held electronically. Within [ ] ([ ])
Business Days after the Closing, the Seller shall make available to the Purchaser all tangible Purchased Assets for pick-up at the Seller s
facilities, at the Purchaser s sole cost, expense and risk; provided , that if the Seller finds, locates, discovers or otherwise
becomes aware that it possesses any Purchased Assets after the Closing, the Seller shall reasonably promptly notify the Purchaser in writing
and make such Purchased Assets available for pick-up at the Seller s facilities, at the Purchaser s sole cost, expense and
risk. 

(g) Proration
Schedule . Schedule 2.01(g) (the Proration Schedule sets forth certain deposits and other prepaid items, which
includes certain expenses that Seller or its respective Affiliates have paid or that are required to be paid by the Seller (or their applicable
Affiliates) by Law or contractual obligation, and which shall be prorated as of the Effective Date. At the Closing, the Purchaser shall
pay to the Seller an amount equal to the Purchaser s Prorated Portion, which amount is set forth on the Proration Schedule. Any
amounts set forth in the Proration Schedule that are owed to a Third Party that have not been paid by the Seller prior to the Closing
Date will be paid by the Seller following the Closing Date and shall remain the Liability of the Seller. 

Section 2.02 Further Expenses
and Studies; Other Commitments . After the Closing, the Purchaser shall be responsible for any and all of its further developmental
activities relating to Products and the Compound, including the Proof of Concept Plan and all expenses relating thereto. 

ARTICLE III 

 PURCHASE PRICE 

Section 3.01 Purchase
Price . 

(a) Amount .
The aggregate consideration for the purchase of the Purchased Assets to be paid by the Purchaser (the Purchase Price shall be: 

(i) A
non-refundable, non-creditable amount equal to Forty Million Dollars 40,000,000.00) in respect of the Purchased Assets (the Upfront
Payment and the assumption of the Assumed Liabilities; 

(ii) the
Milestone Payments, as and to the extent provided in Section 3.01(b) ; and 

(iii) the
Quarterly Earn-Out Payment(s), as and to the extent provided in Section 3.01(c) (including as adjusted pursuant to Section 3.01(c)(iv)(A) ); 

(iv) any
Licensee Consideration Payments, as and to the extent provided in Section 3.01(c)(iv)(B) ; and 

(v) the
Purchaser s Prorated Portion. 

4 

(b) Milestone
Payments . As consideration for the purchase of the Purchased Assets, in addition to the Cash Consideration, the assumption of the
Assumed Liabilities, the Quarterly Earn-Out Payments and the Licensee Consideration Payments, and subject to this Section 3.01(b) ,
the Purchaser shall pay to the Seller the following non-refundable, non-creditable amounts (each, a Milestone Payment upon the achievement by or on behalf of the Purchaser or its Affiliates, Licensees or Transferees, if any, of the following events (each,
a Milestone Event ): 

Table 3.01(b) 

No. 
 Milestone Event 
 Milestone Payment 
 
 1. 
 Upon Regulatory Approval of the first Product by the FDA in a CTCL Indication 
 [ ] 
 
 2. 
 Upon a European Approval of the first Product in a CTCL Indication 
 [ ] 
 
 3. 
 Upon Regulatory Approval of the first Product by the Health Canada in a CTCL Indication 
 [ ] 
 
 4. 
 Upon Regulatory Approval of the first Product by the FDA in a PTCL Indication 
 [ ] 
 
 5. 
 Upon a European Approval of the first Product in a PTCL Indication 
 [ ] 
 
 6. 
 Upon Successful Proof of Concept 
 [ ] 
 
 7. 
 Upon Regulatory Approval by the FDA of the first Product in an I/O Indication 
 [ ] 
 
 8. 
 Upon the achievement of [ ] in cumulative Net Sales. 
 [ ] 
 
 9. 
 Upon the achievement of [ ] in cumulative Net Sales. 
 [ ] 

Each Milestone Payment
set forth in this Section 3.01(b) is payable only once i.e. , the first time the Milestone Event is achieved) and is non-refundable
once paid. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, for the purposes of calculating Milestone No. 8 and Milestones No. 9 above, Licensee
Net Sales shall not be included in such calculation (other than in cases where Purchaser has granted a Licensee generating such Licensee
Net Sales a license to all rights with respect to the Purchased Assets and all Products throughout (A) [ ] or (B) [ ] (an Entire
Rights License )). 

(c) Quarterly
Earn-Out Payments; Licensee Consideration Payments . 

(i) As
consideration for the purchase of the Purchased Assets, in addition to the Cash Consideration, the assumption of the Assumed Liabilities,
the Milestone Payments and the Licensee Consideration Payments, and subject to this Section 3.01(c) , commencing on the Effective
Date, each Quarter for the duration of the Earn-Out Term for a given Product in a given country of the Territory, Purchaser shall pay
to the Seller non-refundable, non-creditable amounts with respect to such Product in such country, based upon the cumulative Net Sales
of each Product in the applicable countries of the Territory in the applicable Calendar Year to which such Quarter relates (each payment
a Quarterly Earn-Out Payment ). Such Quarterly Earn-Out Payment shall be calculated: (A) in the case of Licensee Net
Sales, in accordance with Section 3.01(c)(iv)(A) below; and (B) in the case of any Net Sales of Products other than Licensee Net
Sales, by multiplying the applicable rate set forth in Table 3.01(c) below (the Quarterly Earn-Out Rate by the aggregate
Net Sales (other than Licensee Net Sales) of Product in the applicable countries of the Territory in an applicable Quarter; and, in each
case (for both of the preceding clauses (A) and (B)), applying any applicable reductions under Section 3.01(c)(v) below: 

5 

Table 3.01(c) 
 
 No. 
 Aggregate Annual Net Sales (other than Licensee Net Sales) 
 Quarterly Earn-Out 
 Rate 
 
 1. 
 For that portion of Net Sales (other than Licensee Net Sales) of Products in a Calendar Year up to and including [ ] Dollars [ ]) 
 [ ] Percent ([ ] 
 
 2. 
 For that portion of Net Sales (other than Licensee Net Sales) of Products in a Calendar Year that is greater than [ ] Dollars [ ]) 
 [ ] Percent ([ ] 

(ii) Quarterly
Earn-Out Payments and Licensee Consideration Payments shall be paid pursuant to Section 3.01(c)(i) as from the Effective Date and
until the earlier to occur of (as determined on a Product-by-Product, country-by-country basis): (a) the fifteen (15) year anniversary
of the First Commercial Sale of the latest to be received Regulatory Approval of an Indication of such Product in the applicable country,
and (b) the date on which Biosimilar Entry with respect to a Product (for any Indication) occurs in such country (the Earn-Out
Term ). For clarity, each time a Product is approved for a new Indication in a given country, the fifteen (15) year period described
in clause (a) of the definition of Earn-Out Term for such Product and country shall reset based on the date of the First Commercial
Sale of such Product in such country following the Regulatory Approval for such new Indication. For the avoidance of doubt, the Purchaser
shall be liable to make a Quarterly Earn-Out Payment pursuant to Section 3.01(c)(i) , for the Quarter during which such event terminating
the obligation to make such Quarterly Earn-Out Payment occurs as long as the Product is sold in such Quarter. Notwithstanding anything
otherwise to the contrary, no amounts shall be counted more than once in the calculation of the Quarterly Earn-Out Payments or the Licensee
Consideration Payments. 

(iii) Blended
Rate . The Parties acknowledge and agree that, the Quarterly Earn-Out Rates agreed upon by the Parties for the Product(s) have been
blended to take into consideration, the Purchased Know-How, the Quarterly Earn-Out Rate that could be applied to Products prior to the
expiration of any Valid Claims, the Quarterly Earn-Out Rate that could be applied after the expiration of any Valid Claims and the Quarterly
Earn-Out Rate that could be applied if no Valid Claims Cover the Product. The Parties recognize that the differing Quarterly Earn-Out
Rates that could apply to such periods could last for differing time periods. Therefore the Parties have determined to use the blended
Quarterly Earn-Out Rate in this Agreement for reasons of convenience, and the use of such blended Quarterly Earn-Out Rate is advantageous
to both Parties. 

6 

(iv) Sales
of Product by Licensees; Licensee Net Sales; Licensee Consideration . 

(A) Licensee
Sales . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, the Quarterly Earn-Out Payment with respect to any sales of Product(s) by or on behalf
of a Licensee in an applicable Quarter during the Earn-Out Term for such Product in such country shall be an amount equal to the greater 
of (1) [ ] ([ ] of all Licensee Sales-Based Royalties that are paid to Purchaser and/or its Affiliates with respect to such sales
of Product(s) by or on behalf of a Licensee and (2) [ ] percent ([ ] of such Licensee Net Sales. In the event that Purchaser or
its Affiliates enters into any agreement pursuant to which Licensee Net Sales may occur, Purchaser shall provide notice to Seller that
it has entered into such arrangement, and provide a copy of such agreement to the Seller (which agreement shall be deemed to be the Confidential
Information of Purchaser in accordance with Section 7.01). 

(B) Licensee
Consideration Payments . As consideration for the purchase of the Purchased Assets, in addition to the Cash Consideration, the assumption
of the Assumed Liabilities, the Milestone Payments and the Quarterly Earn-Out Payments, Purchaser shall pay to the Seller [ ] percent
([ ] of any Licensee Consideration received with respect to a given Product in a given country of the Territory during the Earn-Out
Term for such Product in such country (such [ ] portion of such Licensee Consideration, the Licensee Consideration Payments ).
Such Licensee Consideration Payments shall be paid to the Seller within [ ] ([ ]) days that such Licensee Consideration is received
by the Purchaser, and are non-creditable and non-refundable once paid. The Purchaser shall provide a notice to the Seller of the occurrence
of an event giving rise to a Licensee Consideration Payment prior to, or no later than on, the date of the payment of the corresponding
Licensee Consideration Payment. 

(v) License
Stacking . If Purchaser or any of its Affiliates (A) determines it is required to obtain a license or other right to a Third Party s
Intellectual Property (in the event such license or other right is not otherwise granted to Purchaser under the Eisai Agreement upon the
transfer of the Eisai Agreement to Purchaser at Closing) in order to Exploit a Product in the Territory and (B) enters into an agreement
with a Third Party in order to obtain a license or other right under such Third Party s Intellectual Property in order to Exploit
a Product (a Third Party License ), the Quarterly Earn-Out Payments with respect to such Product (on a Product-by-Product
Basis) shall be reduced by [ ] percent ([ ] of any amounts actually paid to such Third Party with respect to such Third Party License;
 provided , however , that in no event will such reduction reduce a Quarterly Earn-Out Payment for a given Calendar Quarter
for such Product by more than [ ] percent ([ ] ). [ ]. For the avoidance of doubt, Purchaser shall only be permitted to reduce the
amounts payable hereunder to the extent such payments to a Third Party for a Third Party License relate to a Product or any component
thereof, which are necessary for making, using, selling or otherwise Exploiting the Product in the Territory, and not to other components
or products that are not necessary for making, using, selling or otherwise Exploiting a Product in the Territory. 

7 

Section 3.02 Payment
Terms; Transfer Taxes . 

(a) Payment
of the Purchase Price . 

(i) The
Purchaser shall pay the Cash Consideration to the Seller at Closing, by wire transfer of immediately available funds to an account designated
in writing by the Seller. 

(ii) Each
Milestone Payment due and payable under Section 3.01(b) shall be paid by the Purchaser to the Seller within [ ] ([ ]) days
following the occurrence of the corresponding Milestone Event; provided , however , that [ ]. The Purchaser shall provide
a notice to the Seller of the occurrence of the Milestone Event set forth in Section 3.01(b) prior to, or no later than on, the
date of the payment of the corresponding Milestone Payment. 

(iii) Each
of the Quarterly Earn-Out Payments due and payable under Section 3.01(c) shall be paid by the Purchaser to the Seller promptly
(but no more than [ ] ([ ]) days) following the end of the Quarter to which they relate to; provided , that (x) notwithstanding
the foregoing, Quarterly Earn-Out Payments payable under Section 3.01(c)(iv)(A) with respect to sales of Product by or on behalf of Licensees)
shall be payable by Purchaser to Seller on [ ] of (1) [ ] and (2) the [ ] ([ ]) day following the end of the applicable Quarter
to such Quarterly Earn-Out Payment relates and (y) Purchaser shall [ ]. The Purchaser shall provide a notice to the Seller prior to,
or no later than on, the date such of payment, which notice shall provide sufficient details to permit confirmation by the Seller of the
accuracy of the payments made. 

(iv) Any
payments to be made to the Seller under this Agreement shall be made to the Seller without deduction, setoff or counterclaim by the Purchaser
for any taxes, fees, duties (except for any withholding required by applicable Tax Laws). Each Party shall use reasonable efforts to provide
the other Party with such reasonable assistance as the other Party may request from time to time to minimize any such taxes, fees or duties
arising at any time in connection with the Exploitation of the Products, Compound or Purchased Assets in the Territory. Upon written request,
Seller shall deliver to the Purchaser a properly completed W-8BEN-E Internal Revenue Service Form which may be required by Purchaser in
order for Purchaser not to withhold tax under the Double Tax Avoidance Treaty. The Parties agree that as of the Effective Date, no payments
under this Agreement are subject to deduction or withholding tax, including the Upfront Payment. Notwithstanding anything herein to the
contrary, if, in connection with an actual or proposed change in Tax Law applicable to the payment of any amounts from the Purchaser or
its Affiliates to the Seller hereunder, either Party reasonably believes that actual or proposed change in Tax Law may result in the Purchaser
withholding any amounts hereunder due to any Tax Law, at the time amounts become due under this Agreement, the Parties shall confer and
discuss in good faith any amendments of changes to this Agreement that might reduce the impact of such change in Tax Law. 

8 

(b) Mode
of Payment . All payments to the Seller under this Agreement shall be made by way of direct wire transfer of immediately available
funds, in Dollars, in the requisite amount to such bank account as the Seller may from time to time designate by notice to the Purchaser. 

(c) Transfer
Taxes . All transfer, documentary, sales, use, valued-added, gross receipts, stamp, registration or other similar transfer Taxes (collectively,
 Transfer Taxes incurred in connection with the transfer and sale of the Purchased Assets as contemplated by the
terms of this Agreement, including all recording or filing fees and other similar costs of the Closing, that may be imposed, payable,
collectible or incurred, shall be borne by the Purchaser. The Parties hereto agree to reasonably cooperate with each other to claim any
applicable exemption from, or reduction of, any applicable Transfer Taxes. 

Section 3.03 Additional
Covenants relating to the Milestone Payments and Quarterly Earn-Out Payments. 

(a) The
Purchaser shall, and shall cause its Affiliates, and any Licensees and Transferees of rights to Exploit any Product, to keep reasonable,
correct and complete books, records and documents (whether in hardcopy, electronic or other form) substantiating the achievement (or non-achievement)
of the Milestone Event set forth in Section 3.01(b) and the Net Sales amounts recognized in each Calendar Year for each Product
in each country of the Territory, as related to the Quarterly Earn-Out Payments (the Milestone and Earn-Out Information and shall maintain such Milestone and Earn-Out Information until the [ ] ([ ]) year following the end of the Calendar Year to which
such Milestone and Earn-Out Information relates. 

(b) Commencing
with First Commercial Sale of the first Product, and until the first Calendar Year following the Calendar Year in which the Seller has
received all Milestone Payments and Quarterly Earn-Out Payments, the Purchaser shall provide the Seller, (i) on a quarterly basis, not
later than [ ] ([ ]) days after the end of each Quarter other than the Quarter ended December 31, the quarterly Sales Reports; and
(ii) on an annual basis, not later than [ ] ([ ]) days after the end of each Calendar Year, the annual Sales Report. Sales
Reports shall mean reasonably detailed quarterly and annual reports of the aggregate gross sales and Net Sales of the Product
in each applicable country of the Territory, for such Quarter or Calendar Year, as applicable. All Sales Reports shall also include separate
line items for the gross sales and the Net Sales of the Product, in each case per applicable country of the Territory. 

9 

(c) From
the Closing until the Seller has received all Milestone Payments and Quarterly Earn-Out Payments, an independent, national or global third
party auditing firm that is reasonably acceptable to Purchaser (and who is subject to the obligations of confidentiality as set forth
herein) shall have reasonable access to, and shall be able to review and audit, once every [ ] ([ ]) months upon no less than [ ]
([ ]) days written notice and during normal business hours, the books, records, documents (whether in hardcopy, electronic or other
form), personnel, work papers and operations) of the Purchaser to the extent necessary to permit the auditor to verify compliance of Purchaser
with its obligations under Section 3.01(b) , Section 3.01(c) and Section 3.03(a) and the Sales Reports. The Purchaser
agrees to reasonably assist such auditing firm in connection with the exercise of the audit rights granted by this Section 3.03(c) .
All expenses and costs associated with the review and audit in this Section 3.03(c) shall be borne solely by the Seller; provided 
that in the event that such review and audit results in a finding and determination that a Milestone Payment or Quarterly Earn-Out Payment
payable was not otherwise paid or that the amount paid was lower by more than [ ] percent ([ ] than the amount that should have
been paid, then the reasonable expenses and costs charged by such audit firm for such review and audit (including reasonable attorney s
fees) shall be borne and paid by the Purchaser. The results of such audit will be binding on the Parties, absent manifest error. All amounts
due to the Seller as shown by the audit (that have not been previously paid by Purchaser to Seller) shall be paid within [ ] ([ ])
days following the receipt by Purchaser of a copy of the final audit report. Purchaser will include in all sublicenses granted with respect
to the Compound and/or Product, an audit provision substantially similar to the foregoing requiring such sublicensee to keep full and
accurate books and records relating to the Compound and/or Product and granting such independent third party auditing firm the right to
audit the accuracy of the information reported by any sublicensee in connection therewith in accordance with terms and conditions substantially
similar to those provided in this Section above. 

(d) From
the Closing until the Seller has received all Milestone Payments and Quarterly Earn-Out Payments, the Purchaser and its Affiliates shall
not without the prior written consent of the Seller, sell, assign, or otherwise transfer (excluding, for clarity, grant of a license other
than an Entire Rights License) any of the Purchased Assets to any Person or grant an Entire Rights License to any Person; provided 
that, no such consent shall be required for such sale, assignment, transfer or Entire Rights License to any Person who agrees in writing
to be bound by the terms of, and to assume all applicable obligations of Purchaser and its Affiliates under this Agreement and the other
Transaction Documents, including obligations under ARTICLE III of this Agreement. For the avoidance of doubt, applicable
obligations shall mean all obligations of Purchaser and its Affiliates under this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents
directly or indirectly relating to such Purchased Assets or Product(s) (or rights to such Purchased Assets or Product(s), as applicable)
that are the subject of such sale, assignment or transfer. Nothing contained herein shall release the Purchaser from its obligations under
this Agreement or any other Transaction Document after any sale, license, assignment or transfer of any Purchased Assets or Assumed Liabilities
and Purchaser hereby expressly agrees that it shall remain liable under this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents following any
assignment or license for the full and complete performance of all obligations arising hereunder or thereunder. The Parties will reasonably
cooperate to maximize efficiency with respect to payments to be made under this Agreement. 

Section 3.04 Additional
Covenants relating to Milestone Events. 

(a) From
the Closing and until the Seller has received all Milestone Payments and Quarterly Earn-Out Payments, the Purchaser and its Affiliates
or Licensees or Transferees, as applicable, shall use Commercially Reasonable Efforts in order to develop, launch, commercialize, sell
and market Products in the Territory in each of the CTCL Indication, the PTCL Indication and the I/O Indication. The Purchaser shall not
take any actions with the intent to avoid the achievement of any of the Milestone Events (except that the applicable efforts to achieve
the Milestone Events shall be subject to Section 3.04(c) and (d) or Quarterly Earn-Out Payments or reduce the amount of any of
the Quarterly Earn-Out Payments, including, without limitation, intentionally delaying sales or incentivizing customers to delay placing
orders. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Purchaser shall launch each Product in a jurisdiction within the Territory on or before the six
(6) month anniversary of the date such Product receives Regulatory Approval for such jurisdiction. 

10 

(b) With
respect to the CTCL Approval Milestones, the PTCL Approval Milestones, the I/O Approval Milestones (collectively, the Approval
Milestones commencing on the Effective Date and continuing until such time as all Approval Milestones have been achieved,
Purchaser and its Affiliates or Licensees or Transferees, as applicable, shall use their Commercially Reasonable Efforts to achieve each
of the Approval Milestones (the Approval Efforts ). 

(c) Commencing
on the Effective Date, Purchaser and its Affiliates or Licensees or Transferees, as applicable, shall use their Commercially Reasonable
Efforts to achieve a Successful Proof of Concept (the Proof of Concept Efforts ). The Purchaser and its Affiliates
or Licensees or Transferees, as applicable, shall complete the Proof of Concept Plan (unless the Proof of Concept Plan must be discontinued
or delayed for safety reasons or reasons outside Purchaser s reasonable control (and not directly or indirectly caused by Purchaser,
its Affiliates (or their permitted transferees, licensees or sublicensees)), which shall include taking the actions set forth in Annex
A within the timetable set forth therein (provided that if Purchaser does not comply with such timetable due to delays outside of
Purchaser s reasonable control, such timetable shall be automatically extended on a day-for-day basis for so long as such event
out of Purchaser s reasonable control is existing and preventing the Purchaser to proceed on such applicable activities). Purchaser
shall not cease the Proof of Concept Plan prior to its completion without the prior written consent of the Seller (such consent not to
be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed), unless the Proof of Concept Plan or Proof of Concept Efforts must be discontinued for
safety reasons or reasons outside of Purchaser s reasonable control; provided , that Purchaser shall promptly provide notice
to the Seller (in accordance with Section 10.02) that Purchaser has discontinued the Proof of Concept Plan activities and the reasons
for such discontinuance. In the event that the Purchaser is required to delay the Proof of Concept Plan prior to its completion due to
delays outside of Purchaser s reasonable control (which delays are not directly or indirectly caused by Purchaser, its Affiliates
or their permitted transferees, licensees or sublicensees, Purchaser shall provide notice (in accordance with Section 10.02) to Seller
of such delay and the events contributing to such delay. Purchaser and its Affiliates shall consult with Seller in connection with the
Proof of Concept Efforts and consider in good faith the suggestions of Seller with respect thereto. 

(d) The
Parties acknowledge that Purchaser may suspend or discontinue development of the Product for a particular Indication and/or a particular
jurisdiction within the Territory, to the extent such suspension or discontinuation would be consistent with the exercise of Commercially
Reasonable Efforts. Without limiting the foregoing, Purchaser may suspend or discontinue development of the Product for the I/O Indication
if, based on the results of the Proof of Concept Plan, such suspension or discontinuation would be consistent with the exercise of Commercially
Reasonable Efforts. For the avoidance of doubt, in the event that the Purchaser, its Affiliates or Licensees or Transferees, as applicable,
suspends or abandons any of the Approval Efforts, but later continues or revives the program with respect to the Approval Milestones,
the Purchaser s obligation to pay the applicable Milestone Payment with respect to each then applicable Approval Milestone shall
remain in the event such Milestone Payment had not been earlier paid hereunder to Seller and remains outstanding under Section 3.01(b). 

11 

(e) Information
Rights . 

(i) Subject
to 3.01(e)(iii), within [ ] ([ ]) calendar days of the end of each Calendar Year until all Approval Milestones have been achieved
(other than any Approval Milestones for which the applicable Approval Efforts have been properly discontinued in accordance with Section
3.04(c) and (d) ), if requested by Seller, Purchaser shall meet and confer with Seller and update Seller on the status of the Approval
Milestones. [ ] ([ ]) calendar days prior to such meeting, Purchaser shall deliver to Seller a written report in reasonable detail
setting forth the preceding Calendar Year s Approval Efforts and an update on the status of all Approval Milestones. 

(ii) Subject
to 3.01(e)(iii), within [ ] ([ ]) calendar days of the end of each Quarter until the Proof of Concept Plan has been completed (or
the Proof of Concept Plan has been discontinued in accordance with Section 3.04(c) and (d) ), if requested by Seller, Purchaser
shall meet and confer with Seller and update Seller on the status of the Proof of Concept Plan. [ ] ([ ]) calendar days prior to such
meeting, Purchaser shall deliver to Seller a written report in reasonable detail setting forth for the preceding Quarter s Proof
of Concept Efforts and an update on the status of the Proof of Concept Plan. 

(iii) Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary herein, Purchaser shall provide written notification (in accordance with Section 10.02) to the Seller Discontinuation
Notice upon its determination to discontinue of any of the Approval Efforts, which discontinuance shall be in accordance with
Section 3.04(c) and Section 3.04(d). Upon receipt of a Discontinuation Notice, Seller and Purchaser shall meet and confer over the discontinuation
of such Approval Efforts within forty-five (45) days. Thirty (30) calendar days prior to such meeting, Purchaser shall deliver to Seller
a written report in reasonable detail setting forth for the reasons for such discontinuance, and the efforts undertaken with respect to
such Approval Effort. 

ARTICLE IV 
CLOSING 

Section 4.01 Closing .
The consummation of the transactions contemplated in this Agreement (the Closing shall take place remotely,
via the exchange of electronic copies of the agreements, documents, certificates and other instruments set forth in Section
4.02 . The Closing shall be deemed to be effective as of 12:00:01 a.m. eastern time on the Effective Date, and the date in which
the Closing occurs shall be deemed the Closing Date . 

Section 4.02 Closing
Deliverables . 

(a) At
the Closing, the Seller shall deliver or cause to be delivered to the Purchaser the following: 

(i) the
Bill of Sale Assignment and Assumption Agreement, duly executed by authorized officers of the Seller and any applicable Affiliate
of Seller; 

12 

(ii) the
Eisai Assignment and Assumption Agreement, duly executed by an authorized officer of the Seller and an authorized officer of Eisai; 

(iii) assignments
of Acquired Contracts not assigned pursuant to the Eisai Assignment or Bill of Sale Assignment and Assumption Agreement, if any,
duly executed by an authorized officer of Seller and any applicable Affiliate of Seller; 

(iv) the
Transition Services Agreement, duly executed by an authorized officer of the Seller; 

(v) the
Assignment of Patents, duly executed by an authorized officer of the Seller and any applicable Affiliate of Seller; 

(vi) such
other documents as the Purchaser may reasonably request to give effect to this Agreement. 

(b) At
the Closing, the Purchaser shall deliver to the Seller the following: 

(i) the
payment of the Cash Consideration in accordance with Section 3.02(b) ; 

(ii) the
Bill of Sale Assignment and Assumption Agreement, duly executed by an authorized officer of the Purchaser; 

(iii) the
Eisai Assignment and Assumption Agreement, duly executed by an authorized officer of the Purchaser; 

(iv) the
Transition Services Agreement, duly executed by an authorized officer of the Purchaser; 

(v) the
Assignment of Patents, duly executed by an authorized officer of the Purchaser; 

(vi) such
other documents as the Seller may reasonably request to give effect to this Agreement. 

(c) Transition
Services Agreement . At Closing, the Purchaser and the Seller will enter into a Transition Services Agreement, in the form attached
hereto as Exhibit H (the Transition Services Agreement ). 

(d) Inventory
Letter . At the Closing, the Seller shall assign to the Purchaser all of the Seller s rights and interest in the Inventory Letter
pursuant to the Eisai Assignment and Assumption Agreement. 

13 

ARTICLE V 
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF SELLER 

Except as set forth in the disclosure
schedules attached hereto (the Seller Disclosure Schedules ), but subject to the immediately following sentence, the
Seller represents and warrants to the Purchaser that the statements contained in this ARTICLE V are true and correct as of the
date hereof (unless in each case the particular statement speaks expressly as of a particular date, in which case it is true and correct
only as of such date). Notwithstanding the foregoing, it is expressly understood and acknowledged that any information disclosed in the
Seller Disclosure Schedule under any numbered or lettered schedule, section, or subsection shall be deemed to relate to and qualify such
schedule, section or subsection, as well as any other schedule, sections or subsections of the Seller Disclosure Schedule, but only where
the relevance of such disclosure to such other schedule, section or subsection is reasonably apparent from the text of such disclosure. 

Section 5.01 Organization
and Authority of the Seller . The Seller is a company duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the Laws
of Switzerland. The Seller has the requisite power and authority to own and operate the Purchased Assets that it owns or operates.
The Seller is duly qualified to do business and in good standing in each jurisdiction where the ownership of the Purchased Assets
requires such qualification, except where the failure to be so qualified or in such good standing will not prevent or delay the
ability of Seller to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents. 

Section 5.02 Authority,
Non-Contravention, Required Filings. 

(a) The
Seller has the requisite power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to which the Seller
is a Party and to perform its obligations hereunder and thereunder and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby
(including, but not limited to, the power and authority to cause each Affiliate of Seller who has any rights with respect to any Purchased
Asset to sell, convey, transfer and assign such Purchased Asset to Purchaser in accordance with this Agreement). The execution and delivery
of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents and the performance by the Seller of its obligations hereunder and thereunder and
the consummation by the Seller of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, has been duly authorized by all necessary company
action on the part of the Seller and its Affiliates. 

(b) This
Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to which the Seller is a Party have been duly executed and delivered by the Seller, and
constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of the Seller, enforceable against it in accordance with its respective terms, in each
case subject to: (i) the effects of bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent conveyance, reorganization, moratorium and other similar Laws relating
to or affecting the enforcement of creditors rights generally; and (ii) general equitable principles (whether considered in a proceeding
in equity or at Law). 

(c) The
execution and delivery by the Seller of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to which the Seller is a Party, the performance
by the Seller of its obligations hereunder and thereunder, and the consummation by the Seller of the transactions contemplated hereby
and thereby do not and will not (i) contravene any provision of the Organizational Documents of the Seller or any of its Affiliates, (ii)
constitute a material breach, materially violate the terms, conditions or provisions of, or result in a material default under, or give
to others any rights of termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation of, or notice with regard to, any agreement to which the
Seller or an of its Affiliates is a party or is otherwise bound, (iii) result in the creation of any Encumbrance (except for Permitted
Encumbrances) upon the Purchased Assets or (iv) violate any provision of any Laws. 

14 

(d) No
Permit, Consent, waiting period expiration or termination, approval or authorization of, or designation, declaration or filing with, any
Governmental Authority on the part of the Seller or any of its Affiliates is required in connection with the execution or delivery by
the Seller of this Agreement, or the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby. 

Section 5.03 Purchased
Assets . The Seller and/or its applicable Affiliate(s) are the sole and exclusive owners
of all right, title and interest in and to all of the Purchased Assets, free and clear of all Encumbrances other than Permitted Encumbrances;
and to the Knowledge of the Seller, no Person is infringing or otherwise violating any of the Purchased Assets. Upon Closing, good and
marketable title to the Purchased Assets will pass to Purchaser, free and clear of all Encumbrances other than Permitted Encumbrances. 

Section 5.04 Acquired
Contracts. 

(a) Each
Acquired Contract is a valid and binding obligation of the Seller or an Affiliate of Seller who is a party thereto (and, to the Knowledge
of the Seller, each other party thereto) and is enforceable against the Seller or the Affiliate of Seller who is a party thereto (and,
to the Knowledge of the Seller, each other party thereto) in accordance with its terms, and is in full force and effect, subject to (i) the
effects of bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent conveyance, reorganization, moratorium and other similar Laws relating to or affecting the
enforcement of creditors rights generally and (ii) general equitable principles (whether considered in a proceeding in equity
or at Law). 

(b) Neither
Seller nor any Affiliate of Seller is in violation, breach or default in any material respect under any Acquired Contract to which it
is a party, and to the Knowledge of the Seller no event has occurred that will (with or without notice or lapse of time) result in a violation,
breach or default in any material respect by the Seller or any Affiliate of Seller under any Acquired Contract to which it is a party.
To the Knowledge of the Seller, there is no violation, breach, or default in any material respect under any Acquired Contract by any other
party to such Acquired Contracts. No party to any Acquired Contract has cancelled or withdrawn any such Acquired Contract, nor, to the
Knowledge of the Seller, has any party threatened in writing to do so. 

(c) All
Consents required for the sale, conveyance, transfer and delivery of the Acquired Contracts to Purchaser pursuant to this Agreement have
been obtained. 

Section
5.05 Compliance with Law; Permits; Regulatory Matters. 

(a) The
Seller s and its Affiliates use of the Purchased Assets has been and is being conducted in compliance in all material respects
with all applicable Laws. 

15 

(b) To
the Knowledge of the Seller, the Existing Product is being and has been developed in material compliance with applicable Law, including
those requirements relating to good manufacturing practice, good laboratory practice and good clinical practice. Neither the Seller nor
any of its Affiliates have received (and, to the Knowledge of the Seller, neither Eisai nor any of its Affiliates has received) any (i)
written notice from the FDA or any other Governmental Authority, including the Office of Inspector General, any United States Attorney,
the Department of Justice or any attorney general of any jurisdiction, alleging that the Seller, Eisai or any of their respective Affiliates
has been or is in violation of any Applicable Healthcare Industry Laws or other applicable Laws, or commencing or indicating an intention
to conduct an investigation, audit, or review, in each case, in connection with the conduct of the Business or the Purchased Assets; (ii)
written notice of inspectional observation (including those recorded on form FDA 483), warning letter, penalty, fine, sanction, request
for recall or other remedial action in connection with the conduct of the Business or the Purchased Assets; or (iii) other written documents
issued by the FDA or any other Governmental Authority alleging lack of compliance with any Applicable Healthcare Industry Laws or other
applicable Laws by the Seller, Eisai or any of their respective Affiliates, or any Person engaged by the Seller, Eisai or any of their
respective Affiliates, to provide any service with respect to any Existing Product or otherwise in connection with the conduct of the
Business or the Purchased Assets. 

(c) Seller
holds all Permits which are required by the Seller to conduct the Business as it currently being conducted, except where failure to hold
any Permit would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect. 

(d) Neither
the Seller nor any of its Affiliates (nor, to the Knowledge of the Seller, Eisai or any Affiliate of Eisai) has made an untrue statement
or fraudulent statement of material fact to the FDA or any other Governmental Authority or to any physician or customer, failed to disclose
a material fact required to be disclosed to the FDA or any other Governmental Authority or to any physician or customer, or committed
any material act, made any material statement, or failed to make any material statement, that would reasonably be expected to provide
a basis for the FDA to invoke its policy respecting Fraud, Untrue Statements of Material Fact, Bribery, and Illegal Gratuities ,
set forth in FDA s Compliance Policy Guide Sec. 120.100 (CPG 7150.09) with respect to the Existing Product. Neither the Seller (nor
any of its Affiliates or its or their respective directors, officers or employees who has been involved in the development of the Existing
Product) nor, to the Knowledge of the Seller, Eisai or any Affiliate of Eisai (or any officers, employees, or agents of any of the foregoing)
or any agent of the Seller has (i) been convicted of any crime or engaged in any conduct that would reasonably be expected to result in,
or that has resulted in, debarment, disqualification or exclusion by any Governmental Authority or under applicable Law, including 21
U.S.C. 335a, or (ii) any knowledge of facts that would lead to a false claim, or debarment, and there are no proceedings pending
or threatened that would result in criminal liability or debarment or disqualification by any Governmental Authority. 

16 

(e) Neither
the Seller, nor, to the Knowledge of the Seller, any Affiliate, director, manager, officer, equity holder or employee of the Seller has
(i) used any funds for contributions, gifts, entertainment or other expenses in violation in any material respect of applicable Law, (ii)
paid any bribe, kickback or other similar payment, directly or indirectly, to any foreign government official or employee in violation
of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977 or other applicable Law, (iii) made any other payment of any kind in violation of any Law,
to secure any improper advantage for the Purchased Assets or the Seller or any of its Affiliates, or (iv) knowingly incorrectly recorded
any transactions in any of the foregoing categories on the books and records of the Seller or any of its Affiliates. No claims, actions
or proceedings or, to the Knowledge of the Seller, actual or threatened investigations that would be reasonably expected to result in
such a debarment, disqualification or exclusion are pending or to the Knowledge of the Seller, threatened, against the Seller or its Affiliates,
Eisai or its Affiliates or any of their respective officers, employees or agents. 

(f) All
ongoing and completed preclinical studies and clinical trials conducted by the Seller or its Affiliates or, to the Knowledge of the Seller,
Eisai or any of its Affiliates, or by third-party vendors on behalf of any of them, with respect Products have been conducted in all material
respects in accordance with the applicable Good Clinical Practice regulations described in 21 CFR Parts 50, 54, 56 and 312, and applicable
Good Laboratory Practice regulations as described in 21 CFR Part 58 and comparable applicable Law solely to the extent the foregoing are
applicable to such studies and/or trials. 

(g) Seller
has made available to Purchaser (or its agents) true, correct and complete copies of (i) the IND relating to the Existing Product and
(ii) any other material documents received from the FDA or equivalent non-US regulatory agency in the possession or control of Seller
or any of its Affiliates, including documents that indicate or suggest lack of compliance with the regulatory requirements of the FDA
or other regulatory agencies, in each case to the extent related to any Product (or the development or approval of any Product) or any
Purchased Asset. Seller has made available to Purchaser for review all material correspondence to or from the FDA, material minutes of
meetings, including material documents concerning communications to or from the FDA or other regulatory agencies, or prepared by the FDA
or other regulatory agency or which bear on the ability to obtain approval of the Existing Product or compliance with regulatory requirements
with respect to any of the foregoing, each of the foregoing, to the extent in the possession or control of Seller or any of its Affiliates. 

(h) To
the Knowledge of the Seller and without making any due inquiry, the Seller is unaware of any material correspondence to or from the FDA
on the one hand, and Eisai or its Affiliates on the other hand, that indicate a lack of compliance with the regulatory requirements of
the FDA with respect to the Existing Product in the Territory, or which bear in any material respect on the ability to obtain approval
of the Existing Product in the Territory, which (i) are not part of the IND relating to the Existing Product that has been made available
to Purchaser, or (ii) has not otherwise been made available to Purchaser. 

Section
5.06 Brokers . Neither the Seller nor any of its Affiliates has incurred, nor
will any of them incur, directly or indirectly, any Liability for brokers or finders fees or agents commissions
or any similar charges in connection with this Agreement or the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby. 

Section 5.07 Litigation. 

(a) There
is no Legal Proceeding by any Person pending relating to or affecting the Business, Existing Product, the Purchased Assets or the Assumed
Liabilities. There is no Legal Proceeding pending or, to the Knowledge of the Seller, threatened that is reasonably likely to prohibit
or restrain the ability of the Seller to enter into this Agreement or consummate the transactions contemplated hereby. 

17 

(b) There
is no written demand or other assertion by any Person pending nor, to the Knowledge of the Seller, threatened in writing, against or by
the Seller or its Affiliates (or, to the Knowledge of the Seller, against or by Eisai or any of its Affiliates) relating to or affecting
the Business, Existing Product, the Purchased Assets or the Assumed Liabilities (each, a Business Claim ), which if determined
adversely to the Seller would result in a Material Adverse Effect (and, to the Knowledge of the Seller, there is no other Business Claim). 

(c) Neither
the Seller nor any of its Affiliates is a party or subject to the provisions of any Governmental Order that is unsatisfied or that affects
the Business or Purchased Assets. 

Section 5.08 Intellectual
Property. 

(a) To
the Knowledge of the Seller, neither the Purchased Intellectual Property nor the Exploitation of the Product (as such Product exists as
of the date hereof or, if the Existing Product were being commercialized in the Territory as of the date hereof) infringes any intellectual
property rights or misappropriates any trade secrets owned by any Third Party in the Territory. No action, claim, demand, suit or other
assertion by any Person is pending, nor to the Knowledge of the Seller, has been threatened in writing as of or prior to the date hereof
against the Seller or any of its Affiliates (or, to the Knowledge of Seller, against Eisai or any of its Affiliates) by any Third Party
claiming that the (i) Purchased Intellectual Property, or (ii) the Exploitation of any Product (as such Products exist as of the Closing)
infringes the intellectual property rights or misappropriates any trade secrets of such Third Party. To the Knowledge of the Seller, no
Third Party is infringing any of the Purchased Intellectual Property in the Territory. 

(b) Neither
the Seller nor any of its Affiliates has granted any Third Party any license, sublicense, option or other rights with respect to any of
the Purchased Assets (including, but not limited to, the Purchased Intellectual Property and any rights under any Acquired Contract),
nor is the Seller or any of its Affiliates obligated to pay any royalties or licensing fees to any Third Party in connection with any
of the Purchased Assets, Products or Compound (except for milestone payments expressly set forth in the Eisai Agreement). 

Section 5.09 No
Other Assets. Except
for the Purchased Assets and the Licensed Know How , neither
Seller nor any of its Affiliates owns, licenses or otherwise has any rights with respect to any material asset (including, but not limited
to, any Intellectual Property, Contract, Regulatory Approval Application, Regulatory Approval and tangible material (other than materials
being assigned and transferred pursuant to the Inventory Letter)) that, as of the Closing Date, is used in, or otherwise necessary
for, the Exploitation of any Product (as such Products exist as of the Closing) or the Compound in the Territory. 

Section
5.10 No Other Representations and Warranties . Except for the representations and warranties contained in this ARTICLE
VI , the Seller has not made any other express or implied representation or warranty, either written or oral, on behalf of the Seller,
including any representation or warranty as to the accuracy or completeness of any information regarding the Seller or the Purchased
Assets furnished or made available to the Purchaser or its representatives. 

18 

ARTICLE VI 
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF PURCHASER 

The Purchaser represents and
warrants to the Seller that the statements contained in this ARTICLE VI are true and correct as of the date hereof. 

Section
6.01 Organization and Authority of the Purchaser . Purchaser is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in
good standing under the Laws of the State of Nevada and has the requisite power and authority to own and operate its business as presently
conducted. Purchaser is duly qualified to do business and in good standing in each jurisdiction where the operations of its business
requires such qualification, except where the failure to be so qualified or in such good standing will not prevent or delay the ability
of Purchaser to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents. 

Section 6.02 Authority;
Non-Contravention, Required Filings. 

(a) The
Purchaser has the requisite corporate power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to
which it is a party and to perform its obligations hereunder and thereunder and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and
thereby. The execution and delivery by the Purchaser of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to which the Purchaser is a
party, and the performance by the Purchaser of its obligations hereunder and thereunder, and the consummation by the Purchaser of the
transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, has been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action on the part of the Purchaser. 

(b) This
Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to which the Purchaser is a party have been duly executed and delivered by the Purchaser
and each constitutes a valid and binding obligation of the Purchaser, enforceable against it in accordance with its terms, in each case
subject to: (i) the effects of bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent conveyance, reorganization, moratorium and other similar Laws relating
to or affecting the enforcement of creditors rights generally; and (ii) general equitable principles (whether considered in a proceeding
in equity or at Law). 

(c) The
execution and delivery by the Purchaser of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to which the Purchaser is a party, the performance
by the Purchaser of its obligations hereunder or thereunder, and the consummation by the Purchaser of the transactions contemplated hereby
and thereby do not and will not (i) contravene any provision of the Organizational Documents of Purchaser, (ii) constitute a breach, violate
the terms, conditions or provisions of, or result in a default under, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment, acceleration
or cancellation of any contract or agreement to which the Purchaser is a party or is otherwise bound, or (iii) violate any provision of
any Laws to which the Purchaser is subject. 

19 

(d) No
Permit, Consent, waiting period expiration or termination, approval or authorization of, or designation, declaration or filing with, any
Governmental Authority on the part of the Purchaser is required in connection with the execution or delivery by the Purchaser of this
Agreement or the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby. 

Section
6.03 Legal Proceedings . There are no Legal Proceedings pending or, to the Knowledge of the Purchaser, threatened against
or by Purchaser or any Affiliate of Purchaser, that are reasonably likely to prohibit or restrain the ability of the Purchaser to enter
into this Agreement or consummate the transactions contemplated hereby. 

Section
6.04 Sufficiency of Funds . The Purchaser has sufficient cash, available lines of credit or other sources of immediately
available funds to enable it to timely make payment of the Upfront Payment and consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. 

Section
6.05 Brokers . No broker, finder or investment banker is entitled to any brokerage,
finder s or other fee or commission in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement based upon arrangements
made by or on behalf of the Purchaser. 

Section
6.06 Financial Statements . Complete copies of the Purchaser s audited financial
statements consisting of the balance sheet of the Purchaser as at September 30, 2020 and as at September 30, 2019 and the related statements
of income and retained earnings, stockholders equity and cash flow for the 12 month periods then ended (the Audited Financial
Statements ), and unaudited financial statements consisting of the balance sheet of the Purchaser as at June 30, 2021 and the
related statements of income and retained earnings and cash flow for the three-month period then ended (the Interim Financial
Statements and together with the Audited Financial Statements, the Financial Statements have been filed
with the SEC and are publicly available. The Audited Financial Statements have been prepared in accordance with GAAP and the Interim Financial
Statements have been prepared in accordance with GAAP, both as applied on a consistent basis throughout the period involved, subject,
in the case of the Interim Financial Statements, to normal and recurring year-end adjustments (the effect of which will not be materially
adverse) and the absence of notes (that, if presented, would not differ materially from those presented in the Audited Financial Statements).
The Financial Statements are based on the books and records of the Purchaser, and fairly present the financial condition of the Purchaser
as of the respective dates they were prepared and the results of the operations of the Purchaser for the periods indicated. The Purchaser
maintains a standard system of accounting established and administered in accordance with GAAP, as the case may be. The Purchaser acknowledges
that, in making their decision to enter into this Agreement and the Transaction Documents and to consummate the transactions contemplated
hereby and thereby, the Seller is expressly relying on the Purchasers representations and warranties in this Section 6.06 and that,
without such representations and warranties, the Seller would not have entered into this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents
or consented to the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby. 

20 

Section
6.07 Solvency . Immediately after the Closing, and after giving effect to the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement, the Purchaser will be Solvent. 

Section
6.08 Independent Investigation; No Other Warranties . The Purchaser acknowledges that (a) they have conducted their
own independent investigation, review and analysis of the materials and information provided by Seller to Purchaser prior to Closing
and publicly-available information related to the Purchased Assets and have formed an independent judgment concerning the Purchased Assets,
the Assumed Liabilities and the other rights or obligations to be transferred under this Agreement, and (b) they have been provided reasonable
access to the personnel, properties, assets, premises, books and records, and other documents and information of the Seller and relating
to the Purchased Assets. The Purchaser further acknowledges and agrees that: (i) the only representations, warranties, and covenants
made by the Seller are the representations, warranties, and covenants expressly set forth in this Agreement, the other Transaction Documents
and the certificates and documents delivered hereunder and thereunder; (ii) in making its decision to enter into this Agreement
and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby, the Purchaser has relied solely upon its own investigation and the express representations
and warranties of the Seller set forth in this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents; and (iii) the Purchaser has not relied
upon any other representations or other information made or supplied by or on behalf of the Seller (including any information provided
by the Seller s advisors or in management presentations) and the Purchaser will not have any right or remedy arising out of any
such other representations or information. The Purchaser acknowledges and agrees that, except as expressly provided in ARTICLE V ,
the sale of the Purchased Assets is as is and where is, and the Purchaser is acquiring the Purchased Assets
without any other representation or warranty, written or oral, statutory, express or implied, including any implied warranty of merchantability,
fitness of any asset for a particular purpose, title, or non-infringement. 

ARTICLE VII 
COVENANTS 

Section
7.01 Confidentiality . From and after the Closing: 

(a) The
Confidentiality Agreement will terminate without further action by the Parties thereto. 

(b) The
Seller shall treat as confidential and shall safeguard any and all Confidential Information of the Purchaser (which shall include information,
knowledge, and data regarding the Products, the Purchased Assets, and the Assumed Liabilities and the terms and conditions of this Agreement)
by using the same degree of care, but no less than a reasonable standard of care, to prevent the unauthorized use, dissemination, or disclosure
of such Confidential Information as the Seller or its Affiliates used with respect thereto prior to the execution of this Agreement. The
Seller shall not use the Confidential Information of the Purchaser for any purpose except for the benefit of the Purchaser, unless expressly
permitted by this Agreement. 

21 

(c) The
Purchaser shall treat as confidential and shall safeguard any and all Confidential Information of the Seller relating to the businesses
of the Seller, other than any information specifically related to the Products, the Purchased Assets, or the Assumed Liabilities, and
except as otherwise agreed to by the Seller in writing; provided , however, that nothing in this Section 7.01(c) shall prevent
the disclosure of any such Confidential Information to any directors, officers, employees, or professional advisors of the Purchaser to
whom such disclosure is necessary in the conduct of the Purchaser s business if such Persons are informed by the Purchaser of the
confidential nature of such information and are directed by the Purchaser to comply with the provisions of this Section 7.01(c) . 

(d) The
Purchaser and the Seller acknowledge that the confidentiality obligations set forth herein shall not extend to information, knowledge
and data that is publicly available or becomes publicly available through no act or omission of the Party owing a duty of confidentiality,
or becomes available on a non-confidential basis from a source other than the Party owing a duty of confidentiality so long as such source
is not known by such Party to be bound by a confidentiality agreement with or other obligations of secrecy to the other Party. 

(e) In
the event of a breach of the obligations hereunder by the Purchaser or the Seller, the non-breaching Party(ies), in addition to all other
available remedies, will be entitled to injunctive relief to enforce the provisions of this Section 7.01 in any court of competent
jurisdiction, without the necessity of posting a bond and the burden of proving actual damages. 

Section 7.02 Preservation
of Books and Records . 

(a) The
Seller shall have the right to retain copies of all books and records relating to the Purchased Assets relating to periods ending on or
prior to the Closing Date, provided that such books and records are kept confidential in accordance with the Seller s normal confidentiality
procedures and the provisions of Section 7.01 . 

(b) Without
prejudice to the provisions of Section 3.03 , the Purchaser shall preserve and keep, or cause to be preserved and kept, the books
and records included in the Purchased Assets in the possession of the Purchaser or its Affiliates for the longer of: (i) any applicable
statute of limitations; and (ii) a period of [ ] ([ ]) years from the Closing. 

(c) Without
prejudice to the provisions of Section 3.03 , during such retention period: 

(i) the
Seller, its Affiliates and their respective representatives shall, upon reasonable notice and for any reasonable business purpose, have
access during normal business hours to examine, inspect and copy such books and records; and 

(ii) the
Purchaser shall provide, or cause to be provided to, the Seller, its Affiliates and their respective representatives, access to such books
and records relating to the Purchased Assets as they shall reasonably request in connection with any Legal Proceeding to which any of
them are parties or in connection with the requirements of any Law applicable to them. 

22 

(d) No
Party shall be obligated to provide the other Party with access to any books or records pursuant to this Section 7.02 where such
access would violate any Law. 

Section
7.03 Public Announcements . Neither the Seller, the Purchaser nor any of their respective Affiliates shall issue any
press release or make any public announcement with respect to this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby without obtaining
the prior written consent of the other Party, except as may be required by Law, including any federal, state or local securities law
(or stock exchange rules and regulations), upon the advice of counsel and only if the disclosing Party (x) provides the non-disclosing
Party with an opportunity to first review the release or other public announcement, (y) consults with the non-disclosing Party (whether
such Party is named in such publicity, news release or public announcement or not) at a reasonable time prior to its release to allow
the non-disclosing Party to comment thereon (provided that the foregoing shall not prevent the disclosing Party from proceeding with
such release or other public announcement by any applicable deadline required under applicable Law or stock exchange rules or regulations
if the non-disclosing Party fails to timely respond to such requests) and (z) after its release, shall provide the non-disclosing
Party with a copy thereof. If a Party, based on the advice of its counsel, determines that this Agreement or exhibits thereto must be
filed with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission SEC or similar Governmental Authority, then such
Party, prior to making any such filing, shall provide the other Party and its counsel with a redacted version of this Agreement which
it intends to file and any draft correspondence with the SEC (or similar Governmental Authority) requesting the confidential treatment
by the SEC (or similar Governmental Authority) of those redacted sections of the Agreement, and will give due consideration to any comments
provided by such other Party or its counsel and use good faith efforts to obtain confidential treatment by the SEC of those sections
specified by such other Party or its counsel; provided, however, that the Party filing this Agreement or its exhibits will not be required
to seek confidential treatment of any information that it determines it is required to publicly disclose based on advice of counsel.
Following the Closing, the Purchaser shall be entitled to make such public announcements as it deems appropriate related to the Compound
or Products; provided however that except as otherwise provided above, without the Seller s prior written consent, no such announcement
shall contain any reference to the Agreement or the terms set forth therein or the Seller, its Affiliates or actions taken with respect
to the Compound or Products prior to the Effective Date other than references consistent with those previously approved by the Seller. 

Section
7.04 Further Assurances . Except as otherwise set forth herein, subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein
and to applicable legal requirements, each of the Parties hereto shall, and shall cause its respective Affiliates to, cooperate and use
their respective commercially reasonable efforts to take, or cause to be taken, all appropriate action, and do, or cause to be done,
and assist and cooperate with the other Party in doing, all things necessary, proper or advisable to consummate and make effective, in
the most expeditious manner practicable, the transactions contemplated in this Agreement. 

23 

Section 7.05 Certain Intellectual
Property Matters. Any recovery realized because of litigation of the Purchased Patents or Purchased Intellectual Property (whether
by way of settlement or otherwise) shall be first allocated to reimburse Purchaser for their direct and out of pocket costs and expenses
in making such recovery (which amounts shall be allocated pro rata if insufficient to cover the totality of such expenses). Any remainder
after such reimbursement is made shall be retained by Purchaser provided, however, that to the extent that any award or settlement (whether
by judgment or otherwise) with respect to Purchased Intellectual Property is attributable to loss of sales or profits with respect to
the Product, that has impacted a Milestone Payment based on Net Sales or other Quarterly Earn-Out Payments to Seller, the Parties shall
negotiate in good faith an appropriate allocation of such remainder to reflect the economic interests as a whole of the Parties under
this Agreement with respect to the Product, including the adjustment of Net Sales. 

Section 7.06 License to
Licensed Know-How. Effective as of the Closing, Seller (on behalf of itself and its Affiliates) hereby grants to Purchaser a perpetual,
irrevocable, paid-up, royalty-free, transferable, sub-licensable, worldwide, exclusive (even as to Seller and its Affiliates) license
under the Licensed Know-How solely in order to Exploit the Compound and any Product (including any companion diagnostic related to a Product).
For the avoidance of doubt, the Licensed Know-How shall not be used for products of the Purchaser, its Affiliates, Licensees or Transferees,
other than Products. 

ARTICLE VIII 
NON-COMPETE AND NON-SOLICITATION RESTRICTIONS 

Section 8.01 Non-Compete.
 For a period of [ ] ([ ]) years commencing on the Closing Date (the Restricted Period ),
Seller shall not, and shall ensure that its Affiliates do not, directly or indirectly engage in, or assist anyone other than Purchaser
in engaging in, the Exploitation in the Territory of any Restricted Product. 

Section 8.02 Non- Solicitation .
For a period of [ ] ([ ]) years commencing on the Closing Date, neither Party shall directly or indirectly contact or solicit any person
while such person is employed or engaged as an independent contractor by the other Party hereto (or any of its Affiliates) for the purposes
of hiring or engaging such person, or encourage any such employee or independent contractor to leave such employment or engagement, without
the prior written consent of such other Party. The foregoing restriction shall not apply to employees or independent contractors who respond
to general solicitations which are not directed specifically to any such employees or independent contractors. 

Section 8.03 Acknowledgements;
Remedies. Seller acknowledges that the restrictions contained in Section 8.01 are reasonable
and necessary to protect the legitimate interests of Purchaser and constitute a material inducement to Purchaser to enter into this Agreement
and consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. Seller further acknowledges that a breach or threatened breach of Section
8.01 may give rise to irreparable harm to Purchaser, for which monetary damages would not be an adequate remedy, and hereby agrees
that in the event of a breach or a threatened breach by Seller of any such obligations, Purchaser shall, in addition to any and all other
rights and remedies that may be available to it in respect of such breach, be entitled to seek equitable relief, including a temporary
restraining order, an injunction, specific performance and any other relief that may be available from a court of competent jurisdiction. 
In the event that any covenant contained in Section 8.01 should ever be adjudicated to exceed the time, geographic, product or
service or other limitations permitted by applicable Law in any jurisdiction, then any court is expressly empowered to reform such covenant,
and such covenant shall be deemed reformed, in such jurisdiction to the maximum time, geographic, product or service or other limitations
permitted by applicable Law. 

24 

ARTICLE IX 
INDEMNIFICATION 

Section 9.01 Survival. 
Except for the representations and warranties contained in Section [ ] and Section [ ] (collectively, the Fundamental
Representations (which shall survive and remain in full force and effect for a period of [ ] ([ ]) years following the
Closing Date), the representations and warranties contained in ARTICLE V and ARTICLE VI of this Agreement shall survive
the Closing until the close of business on the [ ] ([ ]) month anniversary of the Closing Date. All covenants and agreements contained
in this Agreement, whether of the Purchaser or the Seller, shall survive the Effective Date until the applicable statute of limitations
has expired or until the expiration date for such covenant or agreement specified in this Agreement, if sooner. Any claims for Losses
arising out of or caused by or relating to fraud shall survive indefinitely. The representations and warranties of the Seller are bargained
for assurances. All claims by any Indemnified Party pursuant to this ARTICLE IX must be made on or before the applicable survival
date, it being understood that so long as the Indemnified Party gives written notice of a claim on or prior to the applicable survival
date, such representations and warranties and covenants shall continue to survive solely with respect to such claim until such claim
is fully and finally resolved in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. 

Section 9.02 Indemnification
by Seller. Subject to the terms and conditions of this ARTICLE IX , from and after the Closing, the Seller shall indemnify
and defend the Purchaser, its Affiliates, and each of their respective employees, directors, officers, stockholders, agents, and representatives
(collectively, the Purchaser Group ), against, and shall hold each of them harmless from, any and all Losses incurred
or sustained by the Purchaser Group based upon or arising out of: 

(a) any
inaccuracy in or breach of any of the representations or warranties of the Seller contained in this Agreement, as of the date such representation
or warranty was made or as if such representation or warranty was made on and as of the Closing Date (except for representations and warranties
that expressly relate to a specified date, the inaccuracy in or breach of which will be determined with reference to such specified date); 

(b) any
breach or non-fulfillment of any covenant, agreement, or obligation to be performed by the Seller pursuant to this Agreement or any other
Transaction Document (which shall not include the Transition Services Agreement); or 

(c) any
Excluded Asset or Excluded Liability. 

25 

The foregoing indemnity obligations
will not apply to (i) the extent that such Losses arise out of or result from the fraud, gross negligence, and/or willful misconduct of
Purchaser or its Affiliates, and/or any related breach by Purchaser of its representations, warranties, and/or covenants hereunder, or
(ii) Losses for which Purchaser has an obligation to indemnify the Seller Group pursuant to Section 9.03 , as to which Losses
each Party shall indemnify the other to the extent of its respective liability for such Losses. 

Section 9.03 Indemnification
by Purchaser. Subject to the terms and conditions of this ARTICLE IX , from and after the Closing, the Purchaser shall indemnify
and defend the Seller, its Affiliates, and each of their respective employees, directors, officers, stockholders, agents, and representatives
(collectively, the Seller Group ), against, and shall hold each of them harmless from, any and all Losses incurred
or sustained by the Seller Group based upon or arising out of: 

(a) any
inaccuracy in or breach of any of the representations or warranties of the Purchaser contained in this Agreement or in any certificate
or instrument delivered by or on behalf of the Purchaser pursuant to this Agreement, as of the date such representation or warranty was
made or as if such representation or warranty was made on and as of the Closing Date (except for representations and warranties that expressly
relate to a specified date, the inaccuracy in or breach of which will be determined with reference to such specified date); 

(b) any
breach or non-fulfillment of any covenant, agreement, or obligation to be performed by the Purchaser pursuant to this Agreement or any
other Transaction Document (which shall not include the Transition Services Agreement); 

(c) any
Assumed Liability; or 

(d) the
Exploitation, development, manufacture, supply, marketing or distribution of the Compound or any Product following the Closing. 

The foregoing indemnity obligations
will not apply to (i) the extent that such Losses arise out of or result from the fraud, gross negligence, and/or willful misconduct of
Seller or its Affiliates, and/or any related breach by Seller of its representations, warranties, and/or covenants hereunder, or (ii)
Losses for which Seller has an obligation to indemnify the Purchaser Group pursuant to Section 9.02 , as to which Losses each
Party shall indemnify the other to the extent of its respective liability for such Losses. 

Section 9.04 Notice of
Direct Claims. 

(a) If
any of the Persons to be indemnified under this ARTICLE IX (the Indemnified Party has suffered or incurred
any Loss subject to indemnification under this ARTICLE IX that does not involve a Third Party Claim, the Indemnified Party shall
so notify the Party responsible for providing indemnification therefor under this Agreement (the Indemnifying Party promptly in a writing describing such Loss, the basis for indemnification hereunder, the amount or estimated amount of such Loss, if known
or reasonably capable of estimation, and the method of computation of such Loss, all with reasonable particularity and containing a reference
to the provisions of this Agreement in respect of which such Loss shall have occurred. A failure by the Indemnified Party to give notice
in a timely manner pursuant to this Section 9.04(a) (so long as a notice pursuant to this Section 9.04(a) is given before
the expiration of the applicable period set forth in Section 9.01 shall not limit the obligation of the Indemnifying Party under
this ARTICLE IX , except to the extent such Indemnifying Party is prejudiced by failure to give such notice in a timely manner. 

26 

(b) Except
when a notice, report or other filing must be filed immediately pursuant to applicable Law, the Purchaser shall provide notice and an
opportunity to comment to the Seller before the Purchaser files any report, notification or filing with any Governmental Authority or
Third Party in connection with an event that would be reasonably likely to result in a Loss subject to the indemnification provisions
of Section 9.02 . In the event the Purchaser is required to file such a report, notification or filing immediately, the Purchaser
shall provide notice to the Seller promptly after it submits such report, notification or filing to the applicable Governmental Authority. 

Section 9.05 Third Party
Claims. 

(a) If
any Legal Proceeding is instituted by or against a Third Party with respect to which the Indemnified Party intends to seek indemnity under
this ARTICLE IX (a Third Party Claim ), the Indemnified Party shall promptly notify the Indemnifying Party
of such Third Party Claim (such notice describing, to the extent practicable, such matter in reasonable detail and such being accompanied
by a copy of any written notice of the Third Party claimant to the Indemnified Party asserting the Third Party Claim) and tender to the
Indemnifying Party the conduct or defense of such Third Party Claim. A failure by the Indemnified Party to give notice in a timely manner
pursuant to this Section 9.05(a) (so long as a notice pursuant to this Section 9.05(a) that includes any written notice
of the Third Party claimant is given before the expiration of the applicable period set forth in Section 9.01 and to tender the
conduct or defense of the Third Party Claim in a timely manner pursuant to this Section 9.05(a) shall not limit the obligation
of the Indemnifying Party under this ARTICLE IX , except (i) to the extent such Indemnifying Party is materially prejudiced thereby,
and (ii) to the extent expenses are incurred during the period in which notice was not provided. 

(b) The
Indemnifying Party shall have the right to defend the Indemnified Party against such Third Party Claim. If the Indemnifying Party notifies
the Indemnified Party that the Indemnifying Party elects to assume the defense of the Third Party Claim (such election to be without prejudice
to the right of the Indemnifying Party to dispute whether such claim is an indemnifiable Loss under this ARTICLE IX ), then the
Indemnifying Party shall have the right to defend such Third Party Claim with counsel selected by the Indemnifying Party, in all appropriate
proceedings, to a final conclusion or settlement at the discretion of the Indemnifying Party in accordance with this Section 9.05(b) .
The Indemnifying Party shall have full control of such defense and proceedings, including any compromise or settlement thereof; provided,
however, that the Indemnifying Party shall not enter into any settlement agreement without the written consent of the Indemnified Party
(which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed). Notwithstanding the foregoing, such consent shall not be required
if (i) the settlement agreement contains a complete and unconditional general release by the Third Party asserting the Third Party
Claim to all Indemnified Parties affected by the claim and (ii) the settlement agreement does not impose any obligation on, or contain
any sanction or restriction upon the conduct or operation of any business by, the Indemnified Party or its Affiliates. The Indemnified
Party may participate in, but not control, any defense or settlement of any Third Party Claim controlled by the Indemnifying Party pursuant
to this Section 9.05(b) , and the Indemnified Party shall bear its own costs and expenses with respect to such participation. 

27 

(c) If
the Indemnifying Party does not notify the Indemnified Party that the Indemnifying Party elects to defend the Indemnified Party pursuant
to Section 9.05(b) within thirty (30) days after receipt of any Claim Notice, then the Indemnified Party shall defend, and be reimbursed
for its reasonable cost and expense (but only if the Indemnified Party is actually entitled to indemnification hereunder) in regard to
the Third Party Claim with counsel selected by the Indemnified Party, in all appropriate proceedings, which proceedings shall be prosecuted
diligently by the Indemnified Party. In such circumstances, the Indemnified Party shall defend any such Third Party Claim in good faith
and have full control of such defense and proceedings; provided, however, that the Indemnified Party may not enter into any compromise
or settlement of such Third Party Claim if indemnification is to be sought hereunder, without the Indemnifying Party s consent (which
consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed). The Indemnifying Party may participate in, but not control, any defense
or settlement controlled by the Indemnified Party pursuant to this Section 9.05(c) , and the Indemnifying Party shall bear its own
costs and expenses with respect to such participation; provided , however, if at any time the Indemnifying Party acknowledges in
writing that such Third Party Claim is an indemnifiable Loss under this ARTICLE IX , the Indemnifying Party shall be entitled to
assume the defense of such Third Party Claim in accordance with Section 9.05(b) . 

(d) If
requested by the Indemnifying Party, the Indemnified Party agrees, at the sole cost and expense of the Indemnifying Party (but only if
the Indemnified Party is actually entitled to indemnification hereunder), to cooperate with the Indemnifying Party and its counsel in
contesting any Third Party Claim which the Indemnifying Party elects to contest, including providing access to documents, records and
information. In addition, the Indemnified Party will make its personnel available to the Indemnifying Party, at the Indemnifying Party s
expense, for conferences, discovery, proceedings, hearings, trials or appeals as may be reasonably required by the Indemnifying Party.
The Indemnified Party also agrees to cooperate with the Indemnifying Party and its counsel in the making of any related counterclaim against
the Person asserting the Third Party Claim or any cross complaint against any Person and executing powers of attorney to the extent necessary. 

Section 9.06 Limitations
on Indemnification; Limitations on Liability. 

(a) Thresholds .
Notwithstanding the other provisions of this ARTICLE IX , other than claims for Losses arising out of, or caused by or relating
to fraud or for any breach of a Fundamental Representation, the Seller shall not be liable to provide indemnification for any Losses arising
from or in connection with matters described under Section 9.02 suffered by any Indemnified Party unless and until the aggregate
amount of all such Losses suffered by the Indemnified Parties exceeds, on a cumulative basis, an amount equal to [ ] ([ ] Dollars)
(the Indemnity Threshold ), and then the Seller shall only be liable to provide indemnification to the extent exceeding
the Indemnity Threshold. No Losses shall be included in determining whether the Indemnity Threshold has been reached unless a notice seeking
indemnification for such Losses has been given by the Purchaser Group to the Seller in accordance with Section 9.04(a) or Section
9.05(a) , as applicable. 

28 

(b) Caps .
Other than claims for Losses arising out of, or caused by or relating to fraud, in no event shall the Seller be liable to provide indemnification
pursuant to ARTICLE IX for Losses arising from or in connection with matters described under Section 9.02(a) in the aggregate
in excess of an amount equal to [ ] ([ ] Dollars (the Cap ). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein,
with respect to breaches of Fundamental Representations, the Cap shall be an amount equal to [ ] . 

Section 9.07 Exclusion of Certain
Damages. NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING IN THIS AGREEMENT TO THE CONTRARY, EXCEPT FOR (I) LIABILITY FOR ANY PARTY S FRAUD AND (II)
THE OBLIGATIONS OF ANY PARTY TO INDEMNIFY AN INDEMNIFIED PARTY UNDER ARTICLE IX FROM AND AGAINST THIRD PARTY CLAIMS PURSUANT TO
WHICH A THIRD PARTY HAS BEEN AWARDED SUCH DAMAGES, NO INDEMNIFIED PARTY SHALL BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, TREBLE, REMOTE,
SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OPPORTUNITY COST, CONSEQUENTIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES OR DAMAGES FOR, MEASURED BY OR BASED ON LOST PROFITS, LOSS OF
REVENUE OR INCOME, DIMINUTION IN VALUE, MULTIPLE OF EARNINGS, PROFITS OR CASH FLOWS, OR OTHER SIMILAR MEASURES OR FOR ANY LOSS OF BUSINESS
REPUTATION OR OPPORTUNITY THAT ARISES OUT OF OR RELATES TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE PERFORMANCE OR BREACH HEREOF OF ANY LIABILITY RETAINED
OR ASSUMED HEREUNDER. 

Section 9.08 Purchaser s
Opportunity to Review. The Purchaser acknowledges that it and its representatives have received or been afforded the opportunity to
review prior to the date of this Agreement all written materials furnished or made available, as the case may be, to the Purchaser on
or prior to the date of this Agreement in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. The Purchaser acknowledges
that it and its Affiliates and representatives have been permitted full and complete access to the books and records, and other assets
related to the Purchased Assets that it and its representatives have desired or requested to see or review and that it and its representatives
have had a full opportunity to meet with the officers and employees of the Seller to discuss the Purchased Assets and the Assumed Liabilities.
The Purchaser further acknowledges and agrees that (i) other than the representations and warranties of the Seller specifically contained
in ARTICLE V of this Agreement, neither the Seller nor any other Person has made any representation or warranty either expressed
or implied (A) with respect to the Purchased Assets, the Assumed Liabilities or the transactions contemplated hereby or (B) as to the
accuracy or completeness of any information regarding the Purchased Assets, the Assumed Liabilities or the transactions contemplated hereby
or by any other agreements related hereto furnished or made available to the Purchaser and its representatives, (ii) the Purchaser has
not relied on any representation or warranty from the Seller or any other Person in determining to enter into this Agreement, except as
expressly set forth in ARTICLE V of this Agreement and (iii) no Person who is part of the Purchaser Group shall have any claim
or right to indemnification pursuant to this ARTICLE IX and neither the Seller nor any other Person shall have or be subject to
any Liability to the Purchaser Group (or any Person who is part of such group) or any other Person with respect to any information, documents
or materials furnished by the Seller or any of their representatives or agents to the Purchaser (it being understood that this clause
(iii) does not supersede or otherwise affect the representations and warranties of the Seller specifically contained in ARTICLE V 
of this Agreement). Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Purchaser acknowledges and agrees that, except as otherwise
expressly set forth in Article 5, (i) the Seller does not make any representations or warranties relating to the maintenance, repair,
condition, design, performance or marketability of any Purchased Asset, including merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose,
(ii) Purchaser shall obtain rights in the Purchased Asset in their present condition and state of repair, as is and where
is . 

29 

Section 9.09 Adjustment
to Purchase Price. The Seller and the Purchaser agree to treat all payments made either to or for the benefit of the other Party
under this Agreement as adjustments to the Purchase Price for tax purposes to the extent permitted under applicable tax Law. 

Section 9.10 Reimbursement.
 If an Indemnified Party recovers an amount from a Third Party in respect of a Loss that is the subject of indemnification hereunder
after all or a portion of such Loss has been paid by an Indemnifying Party pursuant to this ARTICLE IX , the Indemnified Party
shall promptly remit to the Indemnifying Party the amount received from the Third Party in respect thereof. 

Section 9.11 Losses Net
of Insurance. In determining the amount of Losses in respect of a claim under this ARTICLE IX , there shall be deducted an
amount equal to the amount of any Third Party insurance proceeds actually received (net of direct collection expenses) by an Indemnified
Party making such claim with respect to such Losses, provided that the foregoing shall not (i) require an Indemnified Party to proceed
or seek action or recovery from any such Third Party as a requirement hereunder or as a condition to seeking or recovering indemnification
from any Indemnifying Party hereunder (but the Indemnified Party shall use its good faith efforts to
recover under insurance policies or indemnity, contribution or other similar agreements for any Losses and promptly notify in
reasonable detail any such recovery to the Indemnifying Party and reimburse it in accordance with the provisions of Section 9.09 
hereof, if applicable), or (ii) be construed or interpreted as a guaranty of any level or amount of insurance recovery with the provisions
of Section 9.09 hereof, if applicable with respect to any Losses hereunder or as a requirement to maintain any insurance or to
make any claim for insurance as a condition to any indemnification hereunder. 

Section 9.12 Subrogation.
 To the extent that the Indemnifying Party makes or is required to make any indemnification payment to the Indemnified Party, the
Indemnifying Party shall be entitled to exercise, and shall be subrogated to, any rights and remedies (including rights of indemnity,
rights of contribution and other rights of recovery) that the Indemnified Party or any of its Affiliates may have against any other Person
with respect to any Losses to which such indemnification payment is directly related. 

Section 9.13 Sole Remedy/Waiver.
 Should the Closing occur, the remedies provided for in this ARTICLE IX shall be the sole and exclusive remedies of any Indemnified
Party in respect of this Agreement, the Purchased Assets, the Product, the Excluded Assets, the Assumed Liabilities, the Excluded Liabilities
or the transactions contemplated hereby, other than (i) for actions for specific performance or other equitable remedies, (ii) for
claims arising out or related to ARTICLE III , or (iii) for claims against a Party directly arising out of the knowing and intentional
fraud of such Party in respect of a provision of this Agreement. In furtherance of the foregoing, each Party hereby waives (on behalf
of itself and the relevant Indemnified Parties) any provision of applicable Law to the extent that it would limit or restrict the agreement
contained in this Section 9.13 . 

30 

ARTICLE X 
MISCELLANEOUS 

Section
10.01 Expenses . Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, the Seller, on the one hand, and the Purchaser, on
the other hand, shall bear their own expenses incurred in connection with the negotiation and execution of this Agreement, each other
agreement, document and instrument contemplated by this Agreement, and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby. 

Section
10.02 Notices . All notices, requests, consents, claims, demands, waivers, and other communications hereunder shall
be in writing and shall be deemed to have been given: (i) when delivered, if delivered personally to the intended recipient; (ii) when
received by the addressee, if sent by an internationally recognized overnight courier service; (iii) on the date sent by facsimile (with
verification of transmission) or email (with confirmation of receipt of the email and any attachments); or (iv) on the fifth (5 th day after the date mailed, by certified or registered mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid. Such communications must be sent
to the respective Parties at the following addresses (or at such other address for a Party as shall be specified in a notice given in
accordance with this Section 10.02 ): 

(a) if to the Seller: 

Dr. Reddy s Laboratories SA 

Elisabethenanlage 11 

CH 4051, Basel 

Switzerland 

Attention: [ ] 

With a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to: 

Dr. Reddy s Laboratories Limited 

8-2-337, Road No. 3 

Banjara Hills, Hyderabad 500 034, Telangana, India 

Attention: [ ] 

And 

Dr. Reddy s Laboratories, Inc. 

107 College Road East 

Princeton, New Jersey 08540 

Email: [ ] 

Fax: [ ] 

Attention: Legal Affairs 

(b) 
 if to the Purchaser: 

Citius Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 

11 Commerce Drive, First Floor 

Cranford, New Jersey 07016 

Facsimile: (908) 967-6683 

Email: [ ] 

Attention: Chief Financial Officer 

With a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to: 

Lowenstein Sandler LLP 

One Lowenstein Drive 

Roseland, New Jersey 07068 

Attn: Michael J. Lerner, Esq. 

Section
10.03 Severability . If any term or provision of this Agreement is invalid, illegal, or unenforceable in any jurisdiction,
such invalidity, illegality, or unenforceability shall not affect any other term or provision of this Agreement in such jurisdiction
or invalidate or render unenforceable such term or provision in any other jurisdiction. 

Section
10.04 Entire Agreement . This Agreement, together with the Exhibits, Annexes and Schedules hereto, the Seller Disclosure
Schedule, the other Transaction Documents, Transition Services Agreement, constitute the entire agreement, and supersedes all prior agreements
and understandings (both written and oral), among the Parties regarding the subject matter hereof. 

31 

Section 10.05 Successors
and Assigns. This Agreement shall be binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of the Parties
hereto and their respective successors and permitted assigns. Seller may assign their rights or obligations hereunder without the prior
written consent of the Purchaser. Purchaser may not assign any of its rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent
of the Seller (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, denied or conditioned); provided, that following the payment in full of the
Milestone Payment for the US CTCL Approval Milestone, the Purchaser may make an assignment or transfer of any of its rights or obligations
hereunder without Seller s consent to its Affiliates or to a Third Party successor that acquires all or substantially all of the
assets of the business of Purchaser to which this Agreement relates or rights with respect to any Product. As a condition to any assignment
hereunder, (i) the assignee hereunder shall agree in writing to assume all applicable obligations (as defined in Section 3.03(d), in the
case of an assignment by Purchaser) of the assignor under this Agreement, the Transition Services Agreement (as applicable) and other
Transaction Documents as a condition to such assignment and (ii) the assignor shall provide notice to remaining party containing the name
and contact information of the assignee. Further, as a condition to any assignment by the Purchaser hereunder, Purchaser shall pay any
amounts owed to Seller as of the date of such assignment. No assignment hereunder will relieve any Party of responsibility for the performance
of any accrued obligation of such Party prior to the date of such assignment under this Agreement. Any assignment in breach of the provisions
of this Section 10.05 shall be null and void ab initio . Notwithstanding the foregoing, Seller hereby acknowledges and agrees that
for so long as New Subsidiary (defined below) remains a wholly owned subsidiary of the Purchaser, Purchaser shall have the right to assign
its rights and obligations in whole or in part under this Agreement to Citius Acquisition Corp., a wholly owned subsidiary of Purchaser New Subsidiary ), without any requirement to obtain Seller s prior consent; provided, that (a) Purchaser hereby guarantees
and remains jointly and severally liable for all of such subsidiary s obligations under this Agreement and (b) for the purposes
of the definition of Commercially Reasonable Efforts: (i) [ ] and (ii) with respect to the Purchaser, all references to a Party 
shall refer to Purchaser, Citius Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and New Subsidiary, taken as a whole. Further, upon assignment to New Subsidiary,
until [ ], Purchaser shall not permit a Subsidiary Change of Control to occur without the prior written consent of the Seller (such
consent not to be unreasonably withheld, denied or conditioned). As a condition to its assignment of its rights and obligations hereunder
to New Subsidiary, Purchaser shall deliver to the Seller written confirmation that New Subsidiary has assumed, in writing, all obligations
of the Purchaser under this Agreement. Subsidiary Change of Control means, with respect to New Subsidiary, (i) the sale,
transfer or other disposition of (in one transaction or a series of related transactions) all or substantially all of the assets of such
Person, (ii) any event, transaction or upon any occurrence under which Citius Pharmaceuticals, Inc. ceases to own greater than [ ] 
of the capital stock or voting power of New Subsidiary. 

Section
10.06 No Third Party Beneficiaries. This Agreement is for the sole benefit of the Parties hereto and their respective successors
and permitted assigns. Nothing in this Agreement, express or implied, is intended to or shall confer on any other Person any legal or
equitable right, benefit, or remedy of any nature whatsoever. 

Section
10.07 Amendment and Waiver. This Agreement may only be amended, modified or supplemented by an agreement in writing signed
by each Party hereto. No waiver by any Party of any of the provisions hereof shall be effective unless explicitly set forth in writing
and signed by the Party so waiving. No waiver by any Party shall operate or be construed as a waiver in respect of any failure, breach
or default not expressly identified by such written waiver, whether of a similar or different character, and whether occurring before
or after that waiver. No failure to exercise, or delay in exercising, any right, remedy, power or privilege arising from this Agreement
shall operate or be construed as a waiver thereof; nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right, remedy, power or privilege
hereunder preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, remedy, power or privilege. 

32 

Section 10.08 Governing
Law; Jurisdiction. 

(a) This
Agreement and its negotiation, execution, performance or non-performance, interpretation, termination, construction and all claims or
causes of action (whether in contract, in tort, at Law or otherwise) that may be based upon, arise out of, or relate to this Agreement,
or the transactions contemplated hereby (including any claim or cause of action based upon, arising out of or related to any representation
or warranty made in connection with this Agreement or as an inducement to enter this Agreement), shall be exclusively governed by, and
construed in accordance with, the Laws of the State of Delaware regardless of Laws that might otherwise govern under any applicable conflict
of laws principles. 

(b) Any
Legal Proceeding based upon, arising out of, or related to this Agreement and its negotiation, execution, performance, non-performance,
interpretation, termination, construction or the transactions contemplated hereby shall be heard and determined in the Court of Chancery
in the City of Wilmington, New Castle County, Delaware or, in the event such court lacks subject matter jurisdiction, the United States
District Court sitting in Wilmington, Delaware or, in the event such federal district court lacks subject matter jurisdiction, then in
the Superior Court in the City of Wilmington, New Castle County, Delaware. The Parties hereto hereby irrevocably submit to the exclusive
jurisdiction and venue of such courts in any such Legal Proceeding and irrevocably and unconditionally waive the defense of an inconvenient
forum, or lack of jurisdiction to the maintenance of any such Legal Proceeding. The consents to jurisdiction and venue set forth herein
shall not constitute general consents to service of process in the State of Delaware and shall have no effect for any purpose except as
provided in this Section 10.08 and shall not be deemed to confer rights on any Person other than the Parties hereto. Each Party
hereto agrees that the service of process upon such Party in any Legal Proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement shall be
effective if notice is given by overnight courier at the address set forth in Section 10.02 . Each of the Parties also agrees that
any final, non-appealable judgment against a Party in connection with any Legal Proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement
shall be conclusive and binding on such Party and that such award or judgment may be enforced in any court of competent jurisdiction,
either within or outside of the United States. A certified or exemplified copy of such award or judgment shall be conclusive evidence
of the fact and amount of such award or judgment. 

Section 10.09 WAIVER OF JURY
TRIAL. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, THE PARTIES HERETO HEREBY WAIVE THEIR RESPECTIVE RIGHTS TO A JURY TRIAL OF ANY LEGAL
PROCEEDING (WHETHER IN CONTRACT, IN TORT, AT LAW OR OTHERWISE) BASED UPON, ARISING OUT OF, OR RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OF THE
TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED BY THIS AGREEMENT. THE SCOPE OF THIS WAIVER IS INTENDED TO BE ALL-ENCOMPASSING OF ANY AND ALL DISPUTES THAT
MAY BE FILED IN ANY COURT AND THAT RELATE TO THE SUBJECT MATTER OF THIS AGREEMENT, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, CONTRACT CLAIMS, TORT
CLAIMS, BREACH OF DUTY CLAIMS AND ALL OTHER COMMON LAW AND STATUTORY CLAIMS. THE PARTIES HERETO ACKNOWLEDGE THAT THIS WAIVER IS A MATERIAL
INDUCEMENT TO ENTER INTO A BUSINESS RELATIONSHIP, THAT EACH HAS ALREADY RELIED ON THE WAIVER IN ENTERING INTO THIS AGREEMENT AND THAT
EACH WILL CONTINUE TO RELY ON THE WAIVER IN THEIR RELATED FUTURE DEALINGS. THE PARTIES HERETO FURTHER WARRANT AND REPRESENT THAT EACH
HAS REVIEWED THIS WAIVER WITH ITS LEGAL COUNSEL, AND THAT EACH KNOWINGLY AND VOLUNTARILY WAIVES ITS JURY TRIAL RIGHTS FOLLOWING CONSULTATION
WITH LEGAL COUNSEL. THIS WAIVER IS IRREVOCABLE, MEANING THAT IT MAY NOT BE MODIFIED EITHER ORALLY OR IN WRITING, AND THIS WAIVER SHALL
APPLY TO ANY SUBSEQUENT AMENDMENTS, RENEWALS, SUPPLEMENTS OR MODIFICATIONS TO THIS AGREEMENT OR TO ANY OTHER DOCUMENTS OR AGREEMENTS
RELATING TO THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY. IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, THIS AGREEMENT MAY BE FILED AS A WRITTEN CONSENT TO A TRIAL
BY THE COURT. 

33 

Section
10.10 Specific Performance . The Seller, on the one hand, and the Purchaser, on the other hand, acknowledge and agree
that the breach of this Agreement or other failure to perform any provision of this Agreement would cause irreparable damage to the other
and such other Party will not have an adequate remedy at law. Therefore, the Parties shall be entitled to specific performance of the
terms of this Agreement in addition to any other remedy to which they are entitled at law or in equity. 

Section 10.11 No Other Duties.
 The only duties and obligations of the Parties under this Agreement are as specifically set forth in this Agreement, and no other
duties or obligations shall be implied in fact, Law or equity, or under any principle of fiduciary obligation. 

Section 10.12 Reliance on
Counsel and Other Advisors. Each Party has consulted such legal, financial, technical or other expert as it deems necessary or desirable
before entering into this Agreement. Each Party represents and warrants that it has read, knows, understands and agrees with the terms
and conditions of this Agreement. 

Section
10.13 Bulk Transfer Laws . The Purchaser hereby waives compliance by the Seller and its Affiliates with any applicable
provisions of any so-called bulk transfer law of any jurisdiction in connection with the transactions contemplated under
this Agreement. 

Section 10.14 Setoff Rights.
 Neither Party shall have any right of setoff of any amounts due and payable, or any Liabilities arising, under against any amounts
due and payable under this Agreement against any other amounts due and payable under this Agreement or any amounts due and payable, or
any Liabilities arising, under the Transition Services Agreement or any other Transaction Document. 

Section
10.15 Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but
all of which together shall be deemed to be one and the same agreement. A signed copy of this Agreement delivered by facsimile, email,
or other means of electronic transmission shall be deemed to have the same legal effect as delivery of an original signed copy of this
Agreement. 

[ signature page follows ] 

34 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have caused this
Agreement to be executed as of the date first written above by their respective duly authorized officers. 

Seller : 

DR. REDDY S LABORATORIES S.A. 

By: 
 /s/ Patrick Aghanian 

Name: 
 Patrick Aghanian 

Title 
 Head of PPG 

By: 
 /s/ Sameer Natu 

Name: 
 Sameer Natu 

Title 
 Finance Head 

Purchaser 

CITIUS PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. 

By: 
 /s/ Myron Holubiak 

Name: 
 Myron Holubiak 

Title 
 CEO and President 

[Signature Page of Asset Purchase Agreement] 

35 

Schedule 1.01 

DEFINITIONS 

Acquired
Contracts shall mean those Contracts listed on Exhibit A . 

Affiliate of a Person or
Party shall mean any other Person that directly or indirectly, through one or more intermediaries, controls, is controlled by, or is under
common control with, such Person or Party. The term control (including the terms controlled by 
and under common control with shall mean the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause
the direction of the management and policies of a Person or Party, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or
otherwise. 

Agreement shall have the
meaning set forth in the Preamble. 

Approval Efforts shall have
the meaning set forth in Section 3.04(b) . 

Applicable Healthcare Industry Laws 
means any international, federal, state, local municipal, foreign or other statute, law, ordinance, order, ruling, judgment, rule, regulation
or other requirement issued by a Governmental Authority, including, but not limited to: (i) the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act,
the False Claims Act, the Anti-Kickback Statute, and HIPAA/HITECH, and any equivalent or similar Law enacted in any state in the United
States, (ii) the EU Drug Directives, and related national legislation of individual EU Member States implementing the provisions of the
EU Drug Directives into their national laws, the relevant guidelines published by the European Commission, the EU Member States and the
NBOG, and national laws of individual EU Member States governing bribery and corruption, related industry codes and physicians 
codes of professional conduct and (iii) all equivalent or similar Laws relating to the development, regulatory approval, provision, administration,
management or payment for health care or healthcare-related products, services or professionals. 

Approval Milestones shall
have the meaning set forth in Section 3.04(b) . 

Assignment of Patents shall
mean the certain Assignment of Patents Agreement to be entered into on the Closing Date by and between the Purchaser and the Seller in
the form attached hereto as Exhibit C. 

Assumed Liabilities shall
mean the following Liabilities, but in each case solely to the extent such Liability arises after the Closing (and subject to the last
sentence of Section 2.01(d) ): 

a) Liabilities arising under or relating to the Regulatory Approvals, Regulatory Approval Applications, Regulatory
Documentation, including any and all costs and expenses relating thereto; 

b) Liabilities arising under or relating to the Proof of Concept Plan including any and all costs and expenses
relating thereto; 

36 

c) all Liabilities arising out of or relating to the ownership or operation
of the Business and the Purchased Assets after the Closing , including the development of the Compound
and Products; 

d) all Liabilities arising out of or relating to any product liability, breach of warranty or similar claim
for injury or other harm to person or property, which result from the use or misuse of a Product or otherwise related to a Product (including
all Legal Proceedings relating to any such liabilities) sold by or on behalf of the Purchaser and its Affiliates after the Closing; 

e) all Liabilities, obligations and commitments arising out of or relating to any Product recall in the Territory; 

f) any Liabilities, obligations or commitments arising out of or relating to any Acquired Contract to the
extent incurred after the Closing; 

g) all Liabilities, obligations and commitments arising out of or relating to the return of, or warranty
claims relating to any Product sold after the Closing; 

h) any liability or amount payable to Eisai, after the Closing; 

i) any Liabilities, obligations or commitments arising out of or relating to any Legal Proceeding relating
to the Purchased Assets or the Compound for which the cause of action arises after the Closing; 

j) all other Liabilities, obligations and commitments of whatever kind and nature, primary or secondary,
direct or indirect, absolute or contingent, known or unknown, whether or not accrued, arising out of or relating to, directly or indirectly,
the Compound, a Product, the Purchased Assets, the Business or the ownership, sale or lease of any of the Purchased Assets in the Territory
to the extent arising after the Closing. 

Bill of Sale Assignment and Assumption
Agreement shall mean the certain Bill of Sale and Assignment and Assumption Agreement, to be entered into on the Closing Date
by and between the Purchaser and the Seller in the form attached hereto as Exhibit B . 

Biosimilar Entry means with
respect to a Product in a country within the Territory, the first Business Day following the occurrence of both of the following: (i)
the date that the first sale of a Biosimilar of the Product is sold in such country within the Territory, and (ii) the reduction in Net
Sales of the Product in such country [ ] from the average Net Sales of such Product in such country in [ ] immediately prior to the
first commercial sale of a Biosimilar in such country. 

37 

Biosimilar means, with respect
to a particular Product in a particular country in the Territory, any pharmaceutical product that: (a) is claimed to be biosimilar to
or interchangeable with such Product or otherwise references or relies on such Product to support a Drug Approval Application or an application
submitted under Section 351(k) of the PHSA or any corresponding foreign application in the Territory, including, with respect to the European
Union, a Marketing Authorization Application filed with the EMA or with respect to the United Kingdom, a Marketing Authorization Application
filed with MHRA pursuant to the centralized approval procedure; (b) is approved for sale for at least one (1) Indication that is the same
as an Indication for which such Product is approved for sale in such country; and (c) is sold in such country by a Third Party that (i)
is not a direct or indirect Licensee or Transferee of the Purchaser or its Affiliates, (ii) did not purchase such product in a chain of
distribution that included any of the Purchaser or its Affiliates, Licensees or Transferees, as applicable, and/or (iii) did not otherwise
acquire any rights from the Purchaser or its Affiliates, Licensees or Transferees, as applicable, including any Purchased Patents, Eisai
Patents (as defined in the Eisai Agreement) Purchased Know-how or Eisai Know-how (as defined in the Eisai Agreement), directly or indirectly,
from the Purchaser or its Affiliates, Licensees or Transferees, as applicable. 

BLA means a Biologics License
Application submitted to the FDA under subsection (a) of Section 351 of the PHSA. 

Business Day shall mean any
day other than a Saturday, Sunday, or other day on which commercial banks located in New York, New York or Mumbai, India are authorized
or required by Law to be closed for business. 

Business shall mean the development
of the Compound. 

Calendar Year shall mean
each respective period of twelve (12) consecutive months ending on December 31. 

Cash Consideration shall
mean the Upfront Payment, plus the Purchaser s Prorated Portion. 

Commercially Reasonable Efforts 
means with respect to any objective hereunder, including, relating to the development or commercialization of a Product or the Compound
by a Party, the application by such Party, consistent with the exercise of its prudent scientific and business judgment, of diligent efforts
and resources to fulfill the obligation in issue, consistent with the level of efforts as [ ] would devote to a product at a similar
stage in its product life and having similar profit potential and strategic value, taking into account, without limitation, commercial,
legal and regulatory factors, target product profiles, product labeling, past performance, the regulatory environment and competitive
market conditions in the therapeutic area, safety and efficacy and such other factors as such Party may reasonably consider, all based
on conditions then prevailing. 

Compound means the recombinant
DNA-derived cytotoxic protein as described on Annex B . 

Confidential Information 
shall mean, with respect to a Party, all Information, data, documents, agreements, files, and other materials, whether disclosed orally
or disclosed or stored in written, electronic, or other form or media, which is obtained from or disclosed by a Party or its representatives,
whether obtained before or on or after the date hereof, relating to such Party, its business, any of its Affiliates or any of their respective
businesses, or the Purchased Assets, together with the terms and conditions or other facts relating to the transactions contemplated hereby,
including, without limitation, all notes, analyses, compilations, reports, forecasts, studies, samples, and other documents prepared by
or for the other Party which contain or otherwise reflect or are derived or based in whole or in part on such information, data, documents,
agreements, files, or other materials. The terms and conditions of this Agreement shall be deemed the Confidential Information of both
Parties. The term Confidential Information as used herein does not include information that: (a) at the time of disclosure or thereafter
is generally available to and known by the public, other than as a result of disclosure by the receiving Party or any of its representatives
in violation of this Agreement; or (b) is or becomes available to the receiving Party on a non-confidential basis from a source other
than the disclosing Party provided that such source, to the receiving Party s knowledge after reasonable inquiry, is not and was
not bound by a confidentiality agreement with respect to such information or otherwise prohibited from transmitting such information by
a contractual, legal, or fiduciary obligation; or (c) has been independently acquired or developed by the receiving Party without reference
to the Confidential Information. 

38 

Confidentiality Agreement 
shall mean the confidentiality agreement between the Parties dated as of March 23, 2021. 

Consent shall mean any and
all notices to, consents, approvals, clearances, ratifications, permissions, authorizations or waivers from Third Parties, including from
any Governmental Authority. 

Contract shall mean all contracts,
leases, deeds, mortgages, licenses, purchase orders, statements of work, instruments, notes, commitments, undertakings, indentures, joint
ventures and all other agreements, commitments and legally binding arrangements, whether written or oral. 

Cover means, as used in relation
to a Patent and a product or invention, and in connection with a duty, obligation or performance of a Party, that such Patent would be
infringed by the manufacture, use, offer for sale, sale or import of, or other Exploitation of, such product or invention by such Party,
but for this Agreement, including infringement of patent claims claiming compositions of matter as well as methods of manufacture or use. 

CTCL Indication means Cutaneous
T-Cell Lymphoma. 

CTCL Milestones means Milestones
No. 1, 2 and 3 set forth in Table 3.01(b). 

Cure Period shall have the
meaning set forth in Section 3.04(c). 

Discontinued Product means
all dosage forms, formulations, strengths, package sizes and types of pharmaceutical products containing the Compound, previously sold
in the United States under the Trademark ONTAK and described in BLA #103767. 

Earn-Out Term shall have
the meaning set forth in Section 3.01(c)(iii) . 

Eisai Agreement means, collectively,
that Amended and Restated License, Development and Commercialization Agreement made and entered into as of February 26, 2018 by and between
Eisai and the Seller, as amended by that (i) Amendment to Amended and Restated License, Development and Commercialization Agreement made
as of August 9, 2018 by and between Eisai and the Seller, (ii) the Inventory Letter and (iii) that Amendment No. 2 to Amended and Restated
License, Development and Commercialization Agreement made as of August 31, 2021 by and between Eisai and the Seller. 

Eisai Assignment and Assumption Agreement 
means that certain Consent to Assignment and Assumption Agreement with Novation by and among the Seller, Eisai and the Purchaser, dated
as of August 31, 2021. 

39 

Eisai Territory means Japan,
China, Korea, Taiwan, Hong Kong, Macau, Indonesia, Thailand, Malaysia, Brunei, Singapore, India, Pakistan, Sri Lanka, Philippines, Vietnam,
Myanmar, Cambodia, Laos, Afghanistan, Bangladesh, Bhutan, Nepal, Mongolia and Papua New Guinea. 

Eisai means EISAI Co. Ltd. 

EMA means the European Medicines
Agency and any successor agency thereto. 

Encumbrances shall mean any
charge, claim, community property interest, pledge, condition, equitable interest, lien (statutory or other), option, security interest,
mortgage, easement, encroachment, right of way, right of first refusal, or restriction of any kind, including any restriction on use,
voting, transfer, receipt of income or exercise of any other attribute of ownership. 

Europe means all of countries
in continental Europe, including the European Union, the United Kingdom, Ireland, Switzerland, Turkey and Eastern Europe, including the
Czech Republic, Serbia, Russia and Central Independent States of the former USSR. 

European Approval means Regulatory
Approval of a Product in any country in Europe, including any approval from the EMA or MHRA. 

European Union means, at
any particular time, all countries that are then officially recognized as member states of the European Union or members of the European
Economic Area. For clarity, any event that first occurs in a county of the European Union that later ceases to be a member of the European
Union will still be treated as an event that occurred in the European Union. 

Excluded Assets shall have
the meaning set forth in Section 2.01(b) . 

Excluded Liabilities shall
have the meaning set forth in Section 2.01(d) . 

Existing Product means the
pharmaceutical product known as E7777, containing the Compound as an active ingredient and described in IND #110489. For the avoidance
of doubt, the definition of Existing Product does not include the Discontinued Product. 

Exploit means to make, have
made, import, use, sell, or offer for sale, including to research, develop, commercialize, register, modify, enhance, improve, manufacture,
have manufactured, hold or keep (whether for disposal or otherwise), formulate, optimize, have used, export, transport, distribute, promote,
market, have sold or otherwise dispose of, and otherwise exploit. 

FDA shall mean the United
States Food and Drug Administration and any successor agency thereto. 

First Commercial Sale means
the first sale of a Product by Purchaser or its Affiliate, Licensee or Transferee, as applicable, for monetary value to a Third Party
in the Territory. For clarity, sales prior to receipt of Regulatory Approval for a Product, if any, such as so-called treatment
IND sales, named patient sales, and compassionate use sales, shall not be construed as a First Commercial
Sale with respect to a Product. 

40 

GAAP shall mean generally
accepted accounting principles in the United States, consistently applied. 

Governmental Authority shall
mean any federal, state, local or foreign government, or political subdivision thereof, any regulatory or administrative authority, any
agency or instrumentality of any such government or political subdivision, or any self-regulated organization or other non-governmental
regulatory authority or quasi-governmental authority (to the extent that the rules, regulations or orders of such organization or authority
have the force of Law), or any arbitrator, court or tribunal of competent jurisdiction. 

Governmental Order shall
mean any order, writ, judgment, injunction, decree, stipulation, determination, or award entered by or with any Governmental Authority. 

Health Canada means the Canadian
federal Department of Health and any successor thereof. 

I/O Indication means the
targeting of a cell, cell surface or the like, whose engagement has the effect of modulating, inducing, enhancing, or suppressing an immune
response for the purpose of preventing or treating any cancer. Solely for the purposes of determining whether the I/O Milestone is achieved,
and therefore payable, the I/O Indication shall not include any CTCL Indication or any PTCL Indication. 

I/O Milestone means Milestone
No. 7 set forth in Table 3.01(b) . 

IND means: (a) an investigational
new drug application filed with the FDA for authorization to commence clinical studies and its equivalent in other countries or regulatory
jurisdictions; and (b) all supplements and amendments that may be filed with respect to the foregoing. 

Indemnified Party shall have
the meaning set forth in Section 9.04(a) . 

Indemnifying Party shall
have the meaning set forth in Section 9.04(a) . 

Indemnity Threshold shall
have the meaning set forth in Section 9.06(a) . 

Indication means a disorder
or medical condition for which a product is approved by a Regulatory Authority to diagnose, treat, prevent, cure, and/or mitigate in the
indication section of the product labeling for such product. 

Information means any technical,
scientific and other data, in written, electronic or other form, including results, approvals, technology, trade secrets, practices, techniques,
methods, processes, inventions, ideas, drawings, study designs, protocols, assays and biological methodology, developments, specifications,
formulations, formulae, materials or compositions of matter of any type or kind (whether or not patentable), software, algorithms, marketing
reports, expertise, technology, test data (including biological, chemical, pharmacological, toxicological, pharmaceutical, physical, analytical
test data and data resulting from pre-clinical and clinical studies), manufacturing and quality control data, and safety data. 

41 

Intellectual Property shall
mean any and all intellectual property and proprietary rights of any kind or nature, whether protected, created or arising under any Law,
including all: (i) Patents, (ii) Know-How, (iii) trademarks, (iv) domain names and URLs, (v) copyrights, mask works, and works of
authorship, (vi) registered designs, (vii) rights in databases, compilations of data and data, including all personally identifiable information
and clinical trial data, and all aggregated data, (viii) moral rights, rights of publicity and other rights to use or exploit the name,
image and likeness of any individual, (ix) rights under applicable Laws in customer lists, supplier lists, pricing and cost information,
and business and marketing plans, in any form whether or not specifically listed herein, all rights to limit the use or disclosure of
any of the foregoing, and all embodiments of, and all documentation relating to, any of the foregoing, (x) rights under applicable Laws
in software (including both object codes and source codes) and application programming interfaces, (xi) rights under applicable Laws to
bring an action for infringement, dilution, misappropriation or other impairment or violation of rights and to receive damages, proceeds
or any other legal or equitable protections and remedies with respect to any of the foregoing, and (xii) similar or equivalent rights
to any of the foregoing recognized by any Governmental Authority anywhere in the world. 

Inventory Letter shall mean
that certain Letter dated 12 August 2021 from Eisai to the Seller entitled Available Inventory of E7777 Injection Vials 
which is attached hereto as Exhibit I. 

Know-How shall mean all technical,
scientific and other know-how and information, trade secrets, knowledge, technology, methods, processes, formulae, designs, drawings,
assembly procedures, specifications, data, results and other material, including: biological, chemical, pharmacological, toxicological,
pharmaceutical, physical and analytical, pre-clinical, clinical, safety, manufacturing and quality control data and information, including
study designs and protocols, assays and biological methodology, in each case (whether or not confidential, proprietary, patented or patentable)
in written or electronic form. 

Knowledge of the Purchaser 
shall mean the actual knowledge after due inquiry of any of the individuals listed on Exhibit D (Knowledge of the Purchaser). 

Knowledge of the Seller shall
mean the actual knowledge after due inquiry of any of the individuals listed on Exhibit E (Knowledge of the Seller) . 

Law shall mean any statute,
law, ordinance, regulation, rule, code, Order, constitution, treaty, common law, judgment, decree, other requirement or rule of law of
any Governmental Authority. 

Legal Proceeding shall mean
any judicial, administrative or arbitral action, suit, proceeding (public or private), litigation, investigation, hearing, or any other
claim or proceeding by or before a Governmental Authority. 

Liability shall mean, with
respect to any Person, any indebtedness, liabilities, obligation, commitment, expense, claim, complaint, deficiency, guaranty or endorsement
of or by such Person of any type, whether or not accrued, absolute, contingent, matured, unmatured, liquidated, unliquidated, determined
or determinable, known or unknown. 

42 

Licensed Know-How means all
Know-How owned by the Seller or any of its Affiliates (other than Purchased Know-How) within the Territory that (a) is related to a Product
or the Compound and (b) has been developed or is used by Seller or its Affiliates or Eisai or its Affiliates in the Territory prior to
or as of the Closing in connection with the Exploitation of any Product or Compound. Without limiting the foregoing, Licensed Know-How
includes any such Know-How (as of the Closing) relating to (i) any companion diagnostics relating to any Product or (ii) the manufacture
of any Product or Compound. 

Licensee Consideration means
any consideration (other than Licensee Sales-Based Royalties) received by the Purchaser and/or its Affiliates from a Licensee in consideration
of a license to exploit a Product, the Compound or any Purchased Asset, including, but not limited to, lump-sum payments, up-front payments,
milestones (of all kind) and other deferred payments. For clarity, Licensee Consideration does not include any bona fide payments from
Third Parties for (a) research, development, manufacturing or other services, (b) supply of Compounds or Products or other items to customers,
(c) amounts received for the acquisition of equity interests (including stock, options or preferred shares) in Purchaser or any of its
Affiliates or (d) amounts received in the form of a loan (but, with respect to (c) and (d), that is not in consideration of the grant
of a license to exploit a Product, the Compound or any Purchased Asset). 

Licensee Net Sales means
Net Sales of Product(s) by or on behalf of a Licensee (other than any licensee or sublicensee that is an Affiliate of Purchaser). 

Licensee Sales-Based Royalties 
means any amounts (whether characterized as royalties, earn-out payments, revenue payments, revenue share payments, license fees, profit
share payments, or otherwise) that are received by Purchaser or its Affiliates from any Licensee (or a sublicensee of a Licensee (as applicable),
in each case only to the extent the calculation of such amounts payable to Purchaser or its Affiliates is based on sales of Product(s)
by or on behalf of a Licensee. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any milestone payments or other comparable one-time lump sum payments received
by the Purchaser and/or its Affiliates from a Licensee that are based on achievement of an aggregate level of sales are Licensee Consideration
and are not Licensee Sales-Based Royalties. 

Licensee means any Person
(other than an Affiliate of Purchaser) to which a license or sublicense is granted by the Purchaser or its Affiliates with respect to
the Purchased Assets, Product(s) or Compounds enabling such Person to promote, market, offer for sale, sell, distribute or otherwise commercialize
a Product or Compound. For clarity, Purchaser and its Affiliates customers (which shall include distributors, wholesalers, and/or
resellers of a Product) shall not be considered Licensees, provided that the sale of Products to such Persons are considered Net Sales
by the Purchaser or its Affiliates. 

Loss or Losses 
shall mean actual out-of-pocket losses, damages, liabilities, costs or expenses, including reasonable attorneys fees. 

43 

Material Adverse Effect means
any event, occurrence, fact, condition, change or effect that is materially adverse (individually or in the aggregate) to the Purchased
Assets, Exploitation of the Compound or the Product, the Business, the results of operations of the Seller or the financial condition
of the Seller; provided , however, that none of the following shall be deemed, either alone or in combination, to constitute a Material
Adverse Effect, or be taken into account in determining whether there has or will be a Material Adverse Effect: (a) changes or effects
that are generally applicable in the economies (including changes in interest or exchange rates) of any country in which Purchased Assets
are located or in which any of the Parties to this Agreement operate, or in the securities, syndicated loan, credit or financial markets
of any such country; (b) changes in general legal, tax, regulatory, political or economic conditions affecting the exploitation of the
Compound or the Product in general or within the relevant jurisdiction; (c) changes in GAAP; (d) changes or effects that arise out of
or are attributable to (i) the acts or omissions of, or circumstances affecting, the Purchaser and/or its Affiliates, or (ii) the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement or changes or effects that arise out of or are attributable to the negotiation, execution, public announcement
or performance of this Agreement; (e) changes or effects that generally affect the markets in which the Compound or the Product are exploited;
(f) changes or effects that arise out of or are attributable to the commencement, occurrence, continuation or intensification or reduction
or cessation of any war (whether or not declared), sabotage, armed hostilities or acts of terrorism, (g) changes or effects that arise
out of or are attributable to earthquakes, hurricanes or other natural disasters, epidemics or other outbreaks of disease; (h) any matter
disclosed in the Seller Disclosure Schedules to this Agreement, including in each case, any adverse effect that occurs after the date
of this Agreement but that arises out of or results from any such matter or (i) any existing event or occurrence or circumstance of which
the Purchaser has Knowledge as of the date hereof. 

MHRA means the Medicines
and Healthcare Products Regulatory Agency, and any successor thereof. 

Milestone and Earn-Out Information 
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.03(a) . 

Milestone Event shall have
the meaning set forth in Section 3.01(b) . 

Milestone Payment shall have
the meaning set forth in Section 3.01(b) . 

Net Sales shall mean the
aggregate gross amounts invoiced or otherwise received for all of the Purchaser s, its Affiliates , Licensees or Transferees
(as applicable) sales or other commercial distribution of a Product (including any Biosimilar version of a Product), for any Indication,
during the applicable period in the considered territory less the sum of the following, to the extent related to the sale or commercial
distribution of a Product and otherwise included in such gross amounts: (1) trade, quantity and cash discounts in amounts reasonable
or customary in the trade and to extent accrued or actually taken; (2) credits, refunds, allowances, chargebacks, volumes rebates, direct
and indirect rebates, distribution fees, reimbursements, or similar payments granted or given to wholesalers and other distributors, managed
care and pharmacy benefit management companies, but only to the extent not previously deducted from gross sales; (3) rejected goods,
damaged goods, product recall and sales returns; (4) patient co-pay assistance benefits, rebates and coupon or voucher redemptions
provided specifically to the concerned Product; (5) reasonable rebates paid or other price reductions provided in connection with
sale of the concerned Product to any government or regulatory authority in respect of any state or federal Medicare, Medicaid, or similar
programs available under or required by applicable Law; (6) freight, postage, shipping and insurance charges, (7) taxes, duties or other
governmental charges levied on, absorbed or otherwise imposed on sale of such Product, including value-added taxes, or other governmental
charges otherwise measured by the billing amount (including a reasonable allocation of any fees paid pursuant to Section 9008 of the Patient
Protection and Affordable Care Act), and (8) any other deductions taken by Purchaser or any of its Affiliates, licensees or sub-licensees
in calculating net sales in the ordinary course of its business, consistent with GAAP (or the applicable accounting standard of such Purchaser
or any of its Affiliates, licensees or sub-licensees if the sale occurs in a jurisdiction outside of the United States). In the event
the Purchaser (and/or any its Affiliates, licensees or sublicensees) sells the concerned Product as part of a bundle or group sale with
other products, (i) the Net Sales shall be adjusted to be proportional to the ratio of the individual selling price of the concerned
Product to the aggregate of the individual selling prices of each other product included as part of such bundle or group sale, and (ii) to
the extent the Purchaser (and/or any its Affiliates, licensees or sublicensees) provides discounts, allowance or rebate to the purchaser
of the concerned Product based on the invoiced price for the products sold as a bundle or group sale, such discount must be allocated
pro rata based on the selling prices of such products sold individually before taking into account the discount, allowance or rebate on
product provided as part of such bundle. The foregoing deductions from gross sales shall be deducted only once and only to the extent
not otherwise deducted from the gross sales. Net Sales cannot be negative. For clarity, Net Sales does not include
any Licensee Consideration or Licensee Sales-Based Royalties. 

44 

Orders shall mean all judgments,
orders, writs, injunctions, decisions, rulings, decrees and awards of any Governmental Authority. 

Organizational Documents 
shall mean with respect to a Person (other than an individual), the documents by which such Person was organized (such as a certificate
of incorporation, certificate of limited partnership or articles of organization, and including, without limitation, any certificates
of designation for preferred stock or other forms of preferred equity) and which relate to the internal governance of such Person (such
as bylaws, a partnership agreement or an operating, limited liability or members agreement), all, as amended. 

Party or Parties 
shall have the meaning set forth in the introductory paragraph hereto. 

Patents means any and all
(a) patent applications and issued patents, including, all national, regional, and international patents and patent applications; provisionals;
continuations; divisionals; continuations-in-part; continued prosecution applications; reissues, renewals, substitutions, reexaminations,
and revivals thereof; (b) patents that have issued or in the future issue from the foregoing patent applications, including utility models,
petty patents and design patents and certificates of invention; and (c) extensions (including pediatric exclusivity, patent term extension
and supplementary patent certificate) or restorations of the patents described above by existing or future extension or restoration mechanisms. 

Permits shall mean all certifications
(including those of standards-setting organizations), licenses, permits, franchises, approvals, authorizations, exemptions, notices to,
consents or orders of, or filings with, any trade association, any standards-setting organization, or any Governmental Authority. 

Permitted Encumbrances shall
mean: (a) liens for Taxes not yet due and payable or being contested in good faith by appropriate procedures; (b) mechanics , carriers ,
workmen s, repairmen s or other like liens arising or incurred in the ordinary course of business; (c) liens arising under
original purchase price conditional sales contracts and equipment leases with Third Parties entered into in the ordinary course of business;
and (d) other immaterial imperfections of title or immaterial Encumbrances, if any. 

Person shall mean an individual,
a limited liability company, joint venture, a corporation, a partnership, an association, a trust, a division or operating group of any
of the foregoing or any other entity or organization. 

PHSA means the Public Health
Service Act as set forth at 42 U.S.C. Chapter 6A, as may be amended from time to time, together with any rules, regulations and requirements
promulgated thereunder (including all additions, supplements, extensions and modifications thereto). 

45 

Product means any product
that is comprised of or contains the Compound as an active ingredient, including: (a) any combination product which contains the Compound
as an active ingredient; (b) the Existing Product; and (c) all formulations, dosages and forms of release for any of the foregoing products. 

Proof of Concept Efforts 
has the meaning set forth in Section 3.04(c). 

Proof of Concept Plan means
the Proof of Concept Plan which is set forth in Annex A hereto. The Proof of Concept Plan includes the Proof of Concept Studies. 

Proof of Concept Studies 
has the meaning set forth in Annex A hereto. 

Proration Schedule shall
have the meaning set forth in Section 2.01(g) . 

PTCL Indication means Peripheral
T-Cell Lymphoma. 

PTCL Milestones means Milestones
No. 4 and 5 set forth in Table 3.01(b) . 

Purchase Price shall have
the meaning set forth in Section 3.01(a) . 

Purchased
Assets shall mean each of the following: (a) t he Purchased Intellectual
Property, (b) the Regulatory Documentation, (c) the Acquired Contracts (including all rights and claims of Seller and its Affiliates
to any amounts prepaid under any Acquired Contracts), and (d) a copy of all books, records, files and papers of the Seller and/or its
Affiliates to the extent exclusively relating to the Business and/or the Compound. 

Purchased Intellectual Property 
shall mean collectively all Purchased Patents, Purchased Trademarks and Purchased Know-How. 

Purchased Know-How means
all Know-How owned by the Seller or any of its Affiliates that (a) is exclusively related to any Product, and (b) has been used in connection
with the Exploitation of, or is otherwise necessary or useful to Exploit, any Product. 

Purchased Patent(s) means
the Patents set forth in Exhibit F . 

Purchased Trademarks shall
mean, as owned by the Seller or its Affiliates, and to the extent exclusively related to the Product, the trademarks, service marks, logos,
slogans and trade names (whether or not registered), including all variations, derivations, combinations, registrations applications for
registration or renewals of the foregoing and all goodwill associated therewith, listed on Exhibit G . 

46 

Purchaser Group shall have
the meaning set forth Section 9.02 . 

Purchaser s Prorated Portion 
means the amount equal to the Purchaser s portion of the prorated expenses and other items, which the Purchaser shall pay to the
Seller at Closing and is set forth on the Proration Schedule. 

Purchaser shall have the
meaning set forth in the preamble. 

Quarter shall mean each respective
period of three (3) consecutive months ending on March 31, June 30, September 30, and December 31. 

Quarterly Earn-Out Payments 
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.01(c)(i) . 

Quarterly Earn-Out Rate has
the meaning set forth in Section 3.01(c)(i) . 

Regulatory Approval Application 
means an application to the applicable Regulatory Authority for approval to commercialize a product in a particular country or other jurisdiction. 

Regulatory Approval means
any and all approvals (including supplements, amendments, pre- and post-approvals), licenses, registrations or authorizations of any Regulatory
Authority, national, supra-national, regional, state or local regulatory agency, department, bureau, commission, council or other governmental
entity, that are necessary for the manufacture, distribution, use or sale of a product in a regulatory jurisdiction. 

Regulatory Authority(ies) 
means any applicable supra-national, federal, national, regional, state, provincial or local regulatory agencies, departments, bureaus,
commissions, councils or other government entities regulating or otherwise exercising authority with respect to the exploitation of any
Product in the Territory, including the FDA, EMA, MHRA and Health Canada. 

Regulatory Documentation 
shall mean the following, to the extent owned by the Seller or any of its Affiliates and related to the Compound or any Product: (a) any
applications (including all investigational new drug (INDs) and Regulatory Approvals), registrations, licenses, authorizations and approvals;
(b) correspondence and reports submitted to or received from Regulatory Authorities and all supporting documents with respect thereto,
including all adverse event files and complaint files; (c) chemistry, manufacturing and controls data
and documentation (including, but not limited to, batch records, master batch production records, standard operating procedures that specifically
pertain to any Product , testing logs, sample logs, laboratory logs, and stability logs), preclinical
and clinical studies and tests, (d) records maintained under record keeping or reporting requirements of the FDA or any Governmental Authority;
and (e clinical and other data contained or relied upon in any of the foregoing. 

Restricted Products shall
mean any product that contains (a) [ ] or (b) [ ]; in each case whether formulated alone or in combination with any other compound
or product. 

Sales Reports shall have
the meaning set forth in Section 3.03(b) . 

SEC shall have the meaning
set forth in Section 7.03 . 

Seller Disclosure Schedules 
shall have the meaning set forth in the introductory sentence to ARTICLE V . 

Seller shall have the meaning
set forth in the preamble. 

47 

Solvent shall mean used with
respect to any Person, shall mean that, as of any date of determination, (a) the amount of the fair saleable value 
of the assets of such Person on a going concern basis will, as of such date, exceed (i) the value of all liabilities of such Person,
including contingent and other liabilities as of such date, as such quoted terms are generally determined in accordance with applicable
United States federal Laws governing determinations of the insolvency of debtors and (ii) the amount that will be required to pay the
probable liabilities of such Person on its existing debts (including contingent liabilities) as such debts become absolute and matured,
(b) such Person will not have, as of such date, an unreasonably small amount of capital for the operation of the businesses in which it
is engaged or proposed to be engaged following such date and (c) such Person will be able to pay its liabilities, including contingent
and other liabilities, as they mature. For purposes of this definition, each of the phrases not have an unreasonably small amount
of capital for the operation of the businesses in which it is engaged or proposed to be engaged and able to pay its liabilities,
including contingent and other liabilities, as they mature means that such Person will be able to generate enough cash from operations,
asset dispositions or refinancing, or a combination thereof, to meet its obligations as they become due. 

Successful Proof of Concept 
has the meaning set forth in Annex A hereto. 

Taxes shall mean all federal,
state, local, foreign and other income, gross receipts, sales, use, production, ad valorem, transfer, franchise, registration, profits,
license, lease, service, service use, withholding, payroll, employment, unemployment, estimated, excise, severance, environmental, stamp,
occupation, premium, property (real or personal), real property gains, windfall profits, customs, duties or other taxes, fees, assessments
or charges of any kind whatsoever, together with any interest, additions or penalties with respect thereto and any interest in respect
of such additions or penalties. 

Territory means all countries
in the world, excluding those countries in the Eisai Territory. 

Third Party Claim shall have
the meaning set forth in Section 9.05(a) . 

Third Party shall mean any
Person other than the Parties. 

Transaction Documents shall
mean this Agreement, the Bill of Sale Assignment and Assumption Agreement, the Eisai Assignment and Assumption Agreement and the
Assignment of Patents. 

Transfer Taxes shall have
the meaning set forth in Section 3.02(c) . 

Transferee means any Third
Party (other than an Affiliate of Purchaser or an Affiliate of Seller) to which any rights in or to the Compound, a Product or the Purchased
Assets that are granted or transferred to Purchaser under this Agreement are subsequently assigned or transferred in turn by Purchaser
following the Closing. 

Transition Services Agreement 
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4.02(c) . 

United States shall mean
the United States of America and its territories and possessions. 

Upfront Payment shall have
the meaning set forth in Section 3.01(a)(i) . 

US CTCL Approval Milestone 
means Milestone No. 1 set forth in Table 3.01(b) . 

Valid Claim shall mean (i)
any claim of a Patent or any other patent covering the considered Product (including if filed after the
date hereof and including all reissues, reexaminations, divisionals, continuations, continuations-in-part, provisional and continued examinations,
extensions, restorations or renewals of such patents to the extent they relate to the Product 
that has been granted by a patent granting authority, that is in force, and that has not been surrendered, abandoned, revoked or held
invalid or unenforceable by a decision taken by an administrative or civil court in a jurisdiction, or (ii) a pending claim in an application
for a Patent or any other patent set forth under (i) . 

48 

</EX-10.30>

<EX-10.31>
 4
 f10k2021ex10-31_citiuspharma.htm
 AMENDED AND RESTATED LICENSE, DEVELOPMENT AND COMMERCIALIZATION AGREEMENT

Exhibit
10.31 

Information
in this exhibit marked [ ] has been excluded pursuant to Regulation S-K, Item 601(b)(10). Such information is not material and is the
type of information that the registrant treats as private or confidential. 

AMENDED
AND RESTATED LICENSE, DEVELOPMENT AND COMMERCIALIZATION AGREEMENT 

between 

EISAI
CO., LTD. 

and 

DR.
REDDY S LABORATORIES S.A. 

 Dated
as of February 26, 2018 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

ARTICLE 1 
 DEFINITIONS 
 1 

ARTICLE 2 
 GRANT OF RIGHTS 
 17 
 
 2.1. 
 Grants to Licensee 
 17 
 
 2.2. 
 Grants to Eisai 
 18 
 
 2.3. 
 Sublicenses 
 19 
 
 2.4. 
 Reservation of Rights 
 20 
 
 2.5. 
 Covenant Not to Sue 
 20 
 
 2.6. 
 Exclusivity and Territorial Restrictions 
 21 
 
 2.7. 
 India Option 
 21 
 
 2.8. 
 India Restriction 
 21 
 
 2.9. 
 Technical Document and Know-How Transfer 
 22 
 
 2.10. 
 Distribution Agreements 
 22 

ARTICLE 3 
 DEVELOPMENT, REGULATORY AND COMMERCIALIZATION ACTIVITIES 
 23 
 
 3.1. 
 Development 
 23 
 
 3.2. 
 Regulatory Activities 
 26 
 
 3.3. 
 Commercialization 
 31 
 
 3.4. 
 Compliance with Applicable Law 
 32 
 
 3.5. 
 Supply of Licensed Compound and Licensed Products 
 32 
 
 3.6. 
 Subcontracting 
 34 
 
 3.7. 
 Assumption of Activities upon a Change of Control of Eisai 
 34 

ARTICLE 4 
 GOVERNANCE 
 35 
 
 4.1. 
 Joint Steering Committee 
 35 

4.2. 
 Joint Subcommittees 
 36 

i 

4.3. 
 General Provisions Applicable to Committees 
 39 
 
 4.4. 
 JSC and Joint Subcommittee Dispute Resolution 
 39 
 
 4.5. 
 Discontinuation; Disbandment; Annual Reports 
 42 
 
 4.6. 
 Working Teams 
 42 
 
 4.7. 
 Alliance Managers 
 42 

ARTICLE 5 
 PAYMENTS AND RECORDS 
 43 
 
 5.1. 
 Milestones 
 43 
 
 5.2. 
 Reports and Reconciliation 
 43 
 
 5.3. 
 Mode of Payment; Offsets 
 44 
 
 5.4. 
 Taxes 
 44 
 
 5.5. 
 Interest on Late Payments 
 44 
 
 5.6. 
 Financial Records 
 45 
 
 5.7. 
 Audit 
 45 
 
 5.8. 
 Audit Dispute 
 45 

ARTICLE 6 
 INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY 
 46 
 
 6.1. 
 Ownership of Intellectual Property 
 46 
 
 6.2. 
 Maintenance and Prosecution of Patents 
 47 
 
 6.3. 
 Enforcement of Patents 
 50 
 
 6.4. 
 Infringement Claims by Third Parties 
 51 
 
 6.5. 
 Invalidity or Unenforceability Defenses or Actions 
 52 
 
 6.6. 
 Third Party Patent Rights 
 53 
 
 6.7. 
 Eisai Trademarks 
 53 
 
 6.8. 
 Eisai Territory Product Trademarks 
 56 
 
 6.9. 
 Licensee Trademarks 
 57 
 
 6.10. 
 Corporate Names 
 58 

ii 

ARTICLE 7 
 CONFIDENTIALITY AND NON-DISCLOSURE 
 58 
 
 7.1. 
 Confidentiality Obligations 
 58 
 
 7.2. 
 Permitted Disclosures 
 59 
 
 7.3. 
 Use of Name 
 60 
 
 7.4. 
 Public Announcements 
 61 
 
 7.5. 
 Publications 
 61 
 
 7.6. 
 Return of Confidential Information 
 62 
 
 7.7. 
 Privileged Communications 
 62 
 
 7.8. 
 Obligations of the Licensee with Respect to Eisai Trade Secrets 
 62 

ARTICLE 8 
 REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 
 63 
 
 8.1. 
 Mutual Representations and Warranties 
 63 
 
 8.2. 
 Additional Representations and Warranties of Eisai 
 64 
 
 8.3. 
 Disclaimer Of Warranties 
 65 
 
 8.4. 
 Anti-Bribery and Anti-Corruption Compliance 
 65 

ARTICLE 9 
 INDEMNITY 
 66 
 
 9.1. 
 Indemnification of Eisai 
 66 
 
 9.2. 
 Indemnification of the Licensee 
 66 
 
 9.3. 
 Indemnification Procedures 
 66 
 
 9.4. 
 Special, Indirect and Other Losses 
 68 

ARTICLE 10 
 TERM AND TERMINATION 
 68 
 
 10.1. 
 Term and Expiration 
 68 
 
 10.2. 
 Termination 
 68 
 
 10.3. 
 Rights in Bankruptcy 
 69 
 
 10.4. 
 Consequences of Termination of this Agreement in its Entirety 
 69 
 
 10.5. 
 Consequences of Termination of this Agreement for a Terminated Territory 
 71 

iii 

10.6. 
 Additional Consequences for Change of Control Termination. 
 72 
 
 10.7. 
 Remedies 
 73 
 
 10.8. 
 Accrued Rights; Surviving Obligations 
 73 

ARTICLE 11 
 MISCELLANEOUS 
 73 
 
 11.1. 
 Force Majeure 
 73 
 
 11.2. 
 Export Control 
 73 
 
 11.3. 
 Assignment 
 73 
 
 11.4. 
 Severability 
 74 
 
 11.5. 
 Dispute Resolution 
 74 
 
 11.6. 
 Governing Law, Jurisdiction and Service 
 76 
 
 11.7. 
 Notices 
 77 
 
 11.8. 
 Entire Agreement; Amendments 
 78 
 
 11.9. 
 English Language 
 78 
 
 11.10. 
 Equitable Relief 
 78 
 
 11.11. 
 Change of Control 
 78 
 
 11.12. 
 Waiver and Non-Exclusion of Remedies 
 78 
 
 11.13. 
 No Benefit to Third Parties 
 79 
 
 11.14. 
 Further Assurance 
 79 
 
 11.15. 
 Relationship of the Parties 
 79 
 
 11.16. 
 References 
 79 
 
 11.17. 
 Construction 
 79 
 
 11.18. 
 Counterparts 
 79 

iv 

Schedules 

Schedule 1.3 302 Development Plan 
 
 Schedule 1.25 CMC Development Plan 
 
 Schedule 1.34(a) Eisai Corporate Names 
 
 Schedule 1.66 Eisai Trade Secrets 
 
 Schedule 1.67 Eisai Trademarks 
 
 Schedule 1.114 Licensed Compound 
 
 Schedule 2.9 Technical Document and Know-How Transfer 
 
 Schedule 7.4 Press Release 
 
 Schedule 8.2.13 Eisai s Response to India Antitrust Questions 

v 

AMENDED
AND RESTATED LICENSE, DEVELOPMENT AND COMMERCIALIZATION AGREEMENT 

This
Amended and Restated License, Development and Commercialization Agreement (this Agreement is made and entered into
as of February 26, 2018 (the Execution Date by and between Eisai Co., Ltd., a Japanese corporation Eisai and Dr. Reddy s Laboratories S.A., a Swiss company (the Licensee ). Each of Eisai and the Licensee are sometimes
referred to herein individually as a Party and collectively as the Parties . 

RECITALS 

WHEREAS ,
Eisai owns or controls certain intellectual property rights with respect to the Licensed Compound (as defined herein) and Licensed Products
(as defined herein); 

WHEREAS ,
Eisai wishes to grant to the Licensee, and the Licensee wishes to receive, a license (or sublicense) under such intellectual property
rights to develop and commercialize Licensed Products in the Field (as defined herein) in the Licensee Territory (as defined herein),
in each case in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth below; 

WHEREAS,
 the Parties previously executed a License, Development and Commercialization Agreement on March 30, 2016 (the Original
Agreement and a binding term sheet (the Binding Term Sheet dated as of the September 29, 2017 (the
 Effective Date ); and 

WHEREAS,
the Parties desire to incorporate the terms of the Binding Term Sheet into this agreement and to amend and restate the Binding Term Sheet
on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement. 

NOW,
THEREFORE , in consideration of the premises and the mutual promises and conditions set forth herein and other good and valuable consideration,
the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Parties, intending to be legally bound, do hereby agree as follows: 

ARTICLE
1 
DEFINITIONS 

Unless
otherwise specifically provided herein, the following terms shall have the following meanings: 

1.1.
 302 Development Activities means the activities necessary to generate the deliverables set forth in the
 302 Development Plan. 

1.2.
 302 Development Costs means the FTE Costs incurred and the direct out-of-pocket costs recorded as an
expense, in accordance with GAAP, by or on behalf of Eisai or any of its Affiliates related to the 302 Development Activities. 

1.3.
 302 Development Plan means the development plan, including a detailed budget, setting forth the deliverables
(including the Final 302 Development Report) to be provided by Eisai with respect to a pivotal Phase 2 clinical trial for the
Existing Licensed Product for the CTCL Indication, attached hereto as Schedule 1.3, as the same may be amended from time to time by the
Parties in accordance with Section 3.1.2(a). 

1.4.
 Affiliate means, with respect to a Person, any Person that, directly or indirectly, through one (1) or more
intermediaries, controls, is controlled by or is under common control with such first Person at any time for so long as such Person controls,
is controlled by or is under common control with such first Person. For purposes of this definition, control and, with
correlative meanings, the terms controlled by and under common control with mean: (a) the possession, directly
or indirectly, of the power to direct the management or policies of a business entity, whether through the ownership of voting securities,
by contract relating to voting rights or corporate governance or otherwise; or (b) the ownership, directly or indirectly, of more than
fifty percent (50 of the voting securities or other ownership interests of a business entity (or, with respect to a limited partnership
or other similar entity, its general partner or controlling entity). 

1.5.
 Agreement has the meaning set forth in the preamble hereto. 

1.6.
 [ ] Agreement means that certain Distributorship Agreement, dated December 24, 1999, as amended, between [ ]
and [ ], collectively (as predecessor in interest to Eisai) and [ ] (as predecessor in interest to [ ]) with respect to Italy,
the Vatican State and the Republic of San Marino. 

1.7.
 Alliance Manager has the meaning set forth in Section 4.7. 

1.8.
 Anti-Corruption Laws means, as applicable, the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, as amended, the UK Bribery
Act 2010, as amended, sanctions administered by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of the Treasury or any sanctions
or measures imposed by the United Nations Security Council, the European Union or Her Majesty s Treasury, and any other applicable
anti-corruption laws and laws for the prevention of bribery, fraud, racketeering, money laundering or terrorism. 

1.9.
 Applicable Law means applicable laws, rules and regulations, including any rules, regulations, guidelines or
other requirements of the Regulatory Authorities, that may be in effect from time to time, including the FFDCA, the PHSA and the Anti-Corruption
Laws. 

1.10.
 Arbitral Tribunal has the meaning set forth in Section 11.5.2(a). 

1.11.
 Arbitration Rules has the meaning set forth in Section 11.5.2(a). 

1.12.
 Auditor has the meaning set forth in Section 5.9. 

1.13.
 Binding Term Sheet has the meaning set forth in the recitals hereto. 

1.14.
 Biosimilar Product means, with respect to a particular Licensed Product in a particular country in the Eisai
Territory or Licensee Territory, any pharmaceutical product that: (a) is claimed to be biosimilar to or interchangeable with such Licensed
Product or otherwise references or relies on such Licensed Product to support a Drug Approval Application or an application submitted
under Section 351(k) of the PHSA or any corresponding foreign application in the Eisai Territory or Licensee Territory, including, with
respect to the European Union, a Marketing Authorization Application filed with the EMA pursuant to the centralized approval procedure;
(b) is approved for sale for at least one (1) Indication that is the same as an Indication for which such Licensed Product is approved
for sale in such country; and (c) is sold in such country by a Third Party that is not a direct or indirect sublicensee of the Licensee
or its Affiliates, did not purchase such product in a chain of distribution that included any of the Licensee or its Affiliates or sublicensees,
and did not otherwise acquire any Eisai Patents or Eisai Know-how, directly or indirectly, from the Licensee. 

2 

1.15.
 BLA has the meaning set forth in the definition of Drug Approval Application. 

1.16.
 BPCI Act means the Biologics Price Competition and Innovation Act of 2009, as set forth at 42 U.S.C. 262
and as may be amended from time to time, together with any rules, regulations and requirements promulgated thereunder (including all
additions, supplements, extensions and modifications thereto). 

1.17.
 Breaching Party has the meaning set forth in Section 10.2.1. 

1.18.
 Business Day means a day other than a Saturday or Sunday or a day on which banking institutions in New York,
New York, Tokyo, Japan or Basel, Switzerland are permitted or required to be closed. 

1.19.
 Calendar Quarter means each successive period of three (3) calendar months commencing on April 1, July 1, October
1 and January 1, except that the first Calendar Quarter of the Term shall commence on the Original Effective Date and end on the day
immediately prior to the first to occur of April 1, July 1, October 1 or January 1 after the Original Effective Date and the last Calendar
Quarter shall end on the last day of the Term. 

1.20.
 Challenge means, with respect to any Eisai Patents or Licensee Patents, to contest the validity or enforceability
of any such Patents, in whole or in part, in any court, arbitration proceeding or other tribunal, including the United States Patent
and Trademark Office and the United States International Trade Commission. As used in this Section 1.20, the term contest 
includes (a) filing an action under 28 U.S.C. 2201-2202 seeking a declaration of invalidity or unenforceability of any such
Patents; (b) filing, or joining in, a petition under 35 U.S.C. 311 to institute inter partes review of any such Patents or any
portion thereof; (c) filing, or joining in, a petition under 35 U.S.C. 321 to institute post-grant review of any such Patents
or any portion thereof; (d) any foreign equivalent of clauses (a), (b) or (c) in any country outside of the United States; or (e) filing
or commencing any opposition, nullity or similar proceedings challenging the validity of any such Patents in any country outside the
United States; but excludes (i) becoming a party to a Third Party interference for the purpose of defending the validity of any such
Patents, (ii) filing a request under 35 U.S.C. 302 for re-examination of any such Patents, (iii) filing a request under 35 U.S.C.
 251 for a reissue of any such Patents or (iv) any foreign equivalents of clause (i) to (iii) applicable outside of the United
States. 

3 

1.21.
 Change of Control means, with respect to a Party: (a) a merger, reorganization or consolidation involving such
Party, or any parent company of such Party and a Third Party in which the voting securities of such Party or its parent company, as applicable,
outstanding immediately prior thereto cease to represent fifty percent (50 or more of the combined voting power of the surviving entity
immediately after such merger, reorganization or consolidation or (b) a Person, or group of Persons (acting in concert), directly or
indirectly, become the beneficial owner (as defined in Rule 13d-3 under the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) of fifty
percent (50 or more of the voting equity securities or management control of such Party or any parent company of such Party. 

1.22.
 Clinical Quality Agreement has the meaning set forth in Section 3.5.3. 

1.23.
 Clinical Supply Agreement has the meaning set forth in Section 3.5.3. 

1.24.
 CMC Development Activities means the activities necessary to generate the deliverables set forth in the CMC
Development Plan. 

1.25.
 CMC Development Plan means the development plan, including a detailed budget, setting forth the deliverables
(including the Final CMC Development Report) to be provided by Eisai with respect to chemistry, manufacturing and controls for the Existing
Licensed Product, attached hereto as Schedule 1.25, as will be finalized by the Parties in accordance with Section 3.1.3(a), and as may
be amended from time to time by the Parties in accordance with Section 3.1.3(b). 

1.26.
 Commercialization means, in respect of a biologic product, any and all activities directed to the preparation
for sale of, offering for sale of or sale of such product, including activities related to using, holding or keeping (whether for disposal
or otherwise), marketing, promoting, co-promoting, distributing, transporting, exporting, importing and disposing of such product and
interacting with Regulatory Authorities regarding any of the foregoing. When used as a verb, to Commercialize or Commercializing 
means to engage in Commercialization and Commercialized has a corresponding meaning. 

1.27.
 Commercially Reasonable Efforts means, with respect to the performance of any particular Exploitation activities
with respect to the Licensed Compound or a Licensed Product by a Party, the carrying out of such activities in a sustained and diligent
manner and using efforts and resources comparable to the efforts and resources commonly used in the [ ] for compounds or products of
similar market potential at a similar stage in development or product life. Commercially Reasonable Efforts shall be determined
on a country-by-country (or region-by-region, where applicable) and Indication-by-Indication basis. 

1.28.
 Committee has the meaning set forth in Section 4.3.1. 

1.29.
 Confidential Information has the meaning set forth in Section 7.1. 

1.30.
 Contract Year means each successive period of twelve (12) calendar months commencing on April 1 and ending on
March 31, except that the first Contract Year of the Term shall commence on the Original Effective Date and end on the first March 31
to occur after the Original Effective Date and the last Contract Year of the Term shall commence on April 1 of the year in which the
Term ends and end on the last day of the Term. 

4 

1.31.
 Control means, with respect to any Intellectual Property Rights or Regulatory Documentation, and subject to
Section 11.3.2, possession of the right, whether directly or indirectly and whether by ownership, license or otherwise (other than by
operation of the license and other grants in Section 2.1 or Section 2.2), to grant a license, sublicense or other right (including the
right to reference Regulatory Documentation or a covenant not to sue, as applicable) to or under such Intellectual Property Rights or
Regulatory Documentation as provided for herein without violating the terms of any agreement with any Third Party. 

1.32.
 Controlling Party has the meaning set forth in Section 6.5. 

1.33.
 Copyrights means any works of authorship, copyrights (including copyright in software), database rights, rights
in designs and mask work rights, in each case whether registered or unregistered and including applications for registration of any of
the foregoing. 

1.34.
 Corporate Names means: (a) with respect to Eisai, the Trademarks, names and logos identified in Schedule 1.34(a)
and such other Trademarks, names and logos as Eisai may designate in writing from time to time; and (b) with respect to the Licensee,
the name Dr. Reddy s, Dr. Reddy s Laboratories or any similar name and such other Trademarks, names and logos as Licensee
may designate in writing from time to time. 

1.35.
 Corruption has the meaning set forth in Section 8.4.1. 

1.36.
 Cost of Goods means, with respect to any Licensed Product, the Licensee s cost of goods for such Licensed
Product, excluding corporate, general and administrative overheads and overheads not attributable to any facility or activities relating
to the Manufacture of such Licensed Product, determined in accordance with the Licensee s cost accounting policies that are in
accordance with GAAP and consistently applied across the Licensee s manufacturing network to other products that the Licensee or
any of its Affiliates manufactures and shall not include inter-company profits among the Licensee and its Affiliates. 

1.37.
 CTCL Indication means cutaneous T-cell lymphoma. 

1.38.
 Defending Party has the meaning set forth in Section 6.4.2. 

1.39.
 Development means, in respect of a biologic product, all activities related to research, pre-clinical and other
non-clinical testing, clinical testing and clinical test method development, including the performance of trials relating to the safety,
dosing and efficacy, stability testing, toxicology, formulation, process development, manufacturing scale-up, qualification and validation,
quality assurance/quality control, including Manufacturing in support thereof, statistical analysis and report writing and, to the extent
necessary to conduct any of the foregoing, the preparation and submission of Drug Approval Applications, regulatory affairs and all other
activities necessary or reasonably useful or otherwise requested or required by a Regulatory Authority as a condition or in support of
obtaining or maintaining a Regulatory Approval for any of the foregoing activities. When used as a verb, Develop means
to engage in Development. 

5 

1.40.
 Development Plans means the CMC Development Plan and the 302 Development Plan. 

1.41.
 Discontinued Licensed Product means all dosage forms, formulations, strengths, package sizes and types of pharmaceutical
products containing the Licensed Compound, previously sold in the United States under the Trademark ONTAK and described in BLA #103767. 

1.42.
 Dispute has the meaning set forth in Section 11.5.1. 

1.43.
 Distribution Agreements means the [ ] Agreement and the [ ] Agreements. 

1.44.
 Distribution Products means, with respect to a Distribution Agreement, Products that contain denileukin diftitox,
as defined in such Distribution Agreement. 

1.45.
 Dollars or means United States Dollars. 

1.46.
 Drug Approval Application means (a) a Biologics License Application submitted to the FDA under subsection (a)
of Section 351 of the PHSA BLA or any corresponding foreign application, including, with respect to the European
Union, a Marketing Authorization Application filed with the EMA pursuant to the centralized approval procedure, and (b) all supplements
and amendments that may be filed with respect to the foregoing. 

1.47.
 Effective Date has the meaning set forth in the recitals hereto. 

1.48.
 Eisai has the meaning set forth in the preamble hereto. 

1.49.
 Eisai Covenant Patent means any Patent that (a) Eisai or any of its Affiliates Controls that is not part of
the Eisai Technology and (b) would be infringed by the exercise by the Licensee of any of the rights granted to the Licensee under Section
2.1.1. 

1.50.
 Eisai Developed Know-how means all rights in Know-how comprised within the Eisai Developed Technology. 

1.51.
 Eisai Developed Technology means all Intellectual Property Rights (including any Intellectual Property Rights
subsisting in any Improvements) owned by Eisai pursuant to Section 6.1.2. 

1.52.
 Eisai Existing Know-how means all rights in Know-how Controlled by Eisai or any of its Affiliates as of the
Original Effective Date that is necessary or reasonably useful for the Exploitation of the Licensed Compound or the Existing Licensed
Product. 

6 

1.53.
 Eisai Existing Regulatory Documentation means all Regulatory Documentation, Controlled by Eisai or any of its
Affiliates as of the Original Effective Date which relates to the Licensed Compound, Existing Licensed Product or Discontinued Licensed
Product. 

1.54.
 Eisai Indemnitees has the meaning set forth in Section 9.1. 

1.55.
 Eisai Know-how means: (a) the Eisai Existing Know-how and (b) the Eisai Developed Know-how, but excluding in
each of clauses (a) and (b) above any rights in Know-how to the extent covered or claimed by any published Eisai Patents. 

1.56.
 Eisai Patents means all Patents owned by Eisai or any of its Affiliates that are filed after the Original Effective
Date and that contain, disclose or claim any Eisai Developed Know-how. 

1.57.
 Eisai Proprietary Product means any pharmaceutical product that is owned, licensed or otherwise controlled by
Eisai or any of its Affiliates. 

1.58.
 Eisai Regulatory Documentation means the Eisai Existing Regulatory Documentation and all Regulatory Documentation
Controlled by Eisai or any of its Affiliates created after the Original Effective Date which relates to the Licensed Compound or Licensed
Products. 

1.59.
 Eisai Technology means: (a) all Intellectual Property Rights Controlled by Eisai or any of its Affiliates as
of the Original Effective Date that are necessary or reasonably useful for the Exploitation of the Licensed Compound or a Licensed Product;
and (b) all Eisai Developed Technology. 

1.60.
 Eisai Territory means (a) the following countries: Japan, China, Korea, Taiwan, Hong Kong, Macau, Indonesia,
Thailand, Malaysia, Brunei, Singapore, India, Pakistan, Sri Lanka, Philippines, Vietnam, Myanmar, Cambodia, Laos, Afghanistan, Bangladesh,
Bhutan, Nepal, Mongolia and Papua New Guinea, provided that following any exercise of the India Option by the Licensee in accordance
with Section 2.7 the Eisai Territory shall exclude India and (b) any Terminated Territory. 

1.61.
 Eisai Territory Commercial Quality Agreement has the meaning set forth in Section 3.5.4. 

1.62.
 Eisai Territory Commercial Supply Agreement has the meaning set forth in Section 3.5.4. 

1.63.
 Eisai Territory Commercialization Plan has the meaning set forth in Section 3.3.3(b). 

1.64.
 Eisai Territory Development Plan has the meaning set forth in Section 3.1.5. 

7 

1.65.
 Eisai Territory Product Trademarks means any Trademark other than an Eisai Trademark or any Corporate Name
used by or on behalf of Eisai or any of its Affiliates on or in connection with the Exploitation of any Licensed Product in the Eisai
Territory, but excluding, for clarity, any trade dress. 

1.66.
 Eisai Trade Secrets means the information described on Schedule 1.66. 

1.67.
 Eisai Trademarks means (a) the Trademarks set forth on Schedule 1.67 and (b) any variation or derivation thereof
used by or on behalf of the Licensee or any of its Affiliates on or in connection with the Exploitation of any Licensed Product in the
Licensee Territory. 

1.68.
 EMA means the European Medicines Agency and any successor agency thereto. 

1.69.
 Enforcing Party has the meaning set forth in Section 6.3.2. 

1.70.
 European Union means the economic, scientific and political organization of member states as it may be constituted
from time to time, which as of the Original Effective Date consists of Austria, Belgium, Bulgaria, Croatia, Czech Republic, Denmark,
Estonia, Finland, France, Germany, Greece, Hungary, Ireland, Italy, Latvia, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Malta, The Netherlands, Poland, Portugal,
Romania, Slovakia, Slovenia, Spain, Sweden and the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland and that certain portion of Cyprus
included in such organization. 

1.71.
 Exclusion Lists has the meaning set forth in Section 8.1.5. 

1.72.
 Execution Date has the meaning set forth in the preamble hereto. 

1.73.
 Existing Licensed Product means the pharmaceutical product known as E7777, containing the Licensed Compound
as an active ingredient and described in IND #110489. 

1.74.
 Expedited Matters has the meaning set forth in Section 3.2.2(d). 

1.75.
 Expedited Procedures has the meaning set forth in Section 3.2.2(d). 

1.76.
 Expert has the meaning set forth in Section 10.6.5. 

1.77.
 Expert List has the meaning set forth in Section 10.6.6. 

1.78.
 Exploit means, in respect of a biologic product, to Develop, obtain or maintain Regulatory Approvals for, Manufacture,
have Manufactured or Commercialize such product, including to make, have made, import, use, sell or offer for sale such product. Exploitation 
means the act of Exploiting a product. 

1.79.
 Extension Term has the meaning set forth in Section 10.1. 

8 

1.80.
 FDA means the United States Food and Drug Administration and any successor agency thereto. 

1.81.
 [ ] Agreements ] means that certain Distributorship Agreement, dated March 26, 1999, as amended, between [ ]
and [ ], collectively (as predecessor in interest to Eisai) and [ ] with respect to Spain, Portugal and Greece, and that certain
Distributorship Agreement, dated March 26, 1999, as amended, between [ ] and [ ], collectively (as predecessor in interest to Eisai)
and [ ] with respect to Argentina, Chile, Uruguay, Paraguay, Bolivia, Brazil, Peru, Ecuador, Colombia, Venezuela, Guyana, Surinam,
French Guyana, Panama, Costa Rica, Nicaragua, Honduras, El Salvador, Guatemala, Belize and Dominican Republic. 

1.82.
 FFDCA means the United States Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act, as amended from time to time, together with any
rules, regulations and requirements promulgated thereunder (including all additions, supplements, extensions and modifications thereto). 

1.83.
 Field means the diagnostic, prophylactic or therapeutic use of a product in humans or animals. 

1.84.
 Final 302 Development Report means a clinical study report in a format that is in accordance with Eisai s
standard operating procedures and customary practices with respect to its other proprietary oncology products that (a) has been signed
by the applicable investigator and applicable Eisai personnel, (b) except for publication (which will occur in connection with the filing
of the BLA for the Existing Licensed Product for the CTCL Indication in the United States), is in a format that is ready for submission
to FDA, and (c) has been fully reviewed by all appropriate quality control personnel at Eisai. 

1.85.
 Final 302 Development Report Dispute has the meaning set forth in Section 3.1.2(b). 

1.86.
 Final CMC Development Report means a written report in a format that is in accordance with Eisai s standard
operating procedures and customary practices with respect to its other proprietary oncology products that (a) has been signed by the
applicable Eisai personnel, (b) except for publication (which will occur in connection with the filing of the BLA for the Existing Licensed
Product for the CTCL Indication in the United States), is in a format that is ready for submission to FDA, and (c) has been fully reviewed
by all appropriate quality control personnel at Eisai. 

1.87.
 Final CMC Development Report Dispute has the meaning set forth in Section 3.1.3(b). 

1.88.
 FTE means the equivalent of the work of one (1) employee full time for one (1) Contract Year (consisting of
at least a total of [ ] ([ ]) hours per Contract Year) of work directly related to the applicable FTE Activities. No additional payment
shall be made with respect to any employee who works more than [ ] ([ ]) hours per Contract Year related to the applicable FTE Activities,
and any employee who devotes less than [ ] ([ ]) hours per Contract Year to the applicable FTE Activities shall be treated as an
FTE on a pro rata basis based upon the actual number of hours worked divided by [ ] ([ ]). 

9 

1.89.
 FTE Activity means any activity for which Eisai is reimbursed for its FTEs Costs and direct out-of-pocket costs
with respect to such activity. 

1.90.
 FTE Costs means, with respect to any activity for any period, the applicable FTE Rate multiplied by the applicable
number of FTEs of the applicable Party or any of its Affiliates performing such activity during such period, including on a pro rata
basis. 

1.91.
 FTE Rate means, as of the Original Effective Date, [ ] Dollars [ ]). The FTE Rate shall be adjusted annually,
with each annual adjustment effective as of April 1 of each Contract Year, with the first such annual adjustment to be made as of April
1, 2017, to correspond with the total percentage change in the Consumer Price Index for All Urban Consumers (CPI-U) for the U.S. City
Average, 1982-84 = 100, calculated by the Bureau of Labor Statistics over the twelve (12)-month period preceding each such April 1. 

1.92.
 GAAP means, with respect to a Party or its Affiliates or, with respect to the Licensee, its or their Sublicensees,
United States generally accepted accounting principles, International Financial Reporting Standards or such other similar national standards
as such Party, Affiliates or, with respect to the Licensee, its or their Sublicensee adopts, in each case, consistently applied. 

1.93.
 Governmental Authority means any federal, state, national, provincial or local government, or political subdivision
thereof, or any multinational organization or any authority, agency or commission entitled to exercise any administrative, executive,
judicial, legislative, police, regulatory or taxing authority or power, any court or tribunal (or any department, bureau or division
thereof, or any governmental arbitrator or arbitral body). 

1.94.
 ICC has the meaning set forth in Section 11.5.2(a). 

1.95.
 Improvements means any invention, discovery, development or modification with respect to the Licensed Compound
or a Licensed Product or relating to the Exploitation thereof, whether or not patented or patentable, including any enhancement in the
efficiency, operation, Manufacture, ingredients, preparation, presentation, formulation, means of delivery or dosage of such Licensed
Compound or Licensed Product, any discovery or development of any new or expanded Indications for such Licensed Compound or Licensed
Product, any diagnostic devices relating to such Licensed Compound or Licensed Product, or any discovery or development that improves
the stability, safety or efficacy of such Licensed Compound or Licensed Product, in each case, arising directly from any Development
activities under or in connection with this Agreement. 

1.96.
 IND means: (a) an investigational new drug application filed with the FDA for authorization to commence clinical
studies and its equivalent in other countries or regulatory jurisdictions; and (b) all supplements and amendments that may be filed with
respect to the foregoing. 

10 

1.97.
 Indemnification Claim Notice has the meaning set forth in Section 9.3.1. 

1.98.
 Indemnified Party has the meaning set forth in Section 9.3.1. 

1.99.
 India Option has the meaning set forth in Section 2.7. 

1.100.
 India Option Period has the meaning set forth in Section 2.7. 

1.101.
 Indication means any human and animal diagnostic, prophylactic and therapeutic indications. 

1.102.
 Infringement has the meaning set forth in Section 6.3.1. 

1.103.
 Initial Term has the meaning set forth in Section 10.1. 

1.104.
 Intellectual Property Rights means all: (a) rights in Patents; (b) rights in Know-how; (c) rights in Copyrights;
and (d) rights or forms of protection, anywhere in the world, having equivalent or similar effect to the rights referred to in paragraphs
(a) to (c) above, in each case, whether registered or unregistered and including applications for registration of any of the foregoing,
but excluding Trademarks and internet domain names. 

1.105.
 IP Strategy has the meaning set forth in Section 4.2.4. 

1.106.
 Joint Commercialization Committee or JCC has the meaning set forth in Section 4.2. 

1.107.
 Joint Development Committee or JDC has the meaning set forth in Section 4.2. 

1.108.
 Joint IP Committee or JIPC has the meaning set forth in Section 4.2.4. 

1.109.
 Joint Manufacturing Committee or JMC has the meaning set forth in Section 4.2. 

1.110.
 Joint Steering Committee or JSC has the meaning set forth in Section 4.1. 

1.111.
 Joint Subcommittees has the meaning set forth in Section 4.2. 

1.112.
 Know-how means all technical, scientific and other know-how and information, trade secrets, knowledge, technology,
means, methods, processes, practices, formulae, instructions, skills, techniques, procedures, experiences, ideas, technical assistance,
designs, drawings, assembly procedures, apparatuses, specifications, data, results and other material, including biological, chemical,
pharmacological, toxicological, pharmaceutical, physical and analytical, pre-clinical, clinical, safety, manufacturing and quality control
data and information, including study designs and protocols, assays and biological methodology, in each case (whether or not confidential,
proprietary, patented or patentable) in written, electronic or any other form now known or hereafter developed. 

11 

1.113.
 Knowledge means the actual knowledge after reasonable internal inquiry of, (a) with respect to Eisai, Associate
Director, Global Business Development Unit, Asia and Executive Director, Program Alliance Management, Oncology PCU of Eisai and
(b) with respect to the Licensee, Head of Corporate Ethics Compliance in North America and Senior Director of Finance of the Licensee. 

1.114.
 Licensed Compound means the recombinant DNA-derived cytotoxic protein as described on Schedule 1.114. 

1.115.
 Licensed Product means any product that is comprised of or contains the Licensed Compound as an active ingredient,
including: (a) any combination product which contains the Licensed Compound as an active ingredient; (b) the Existing Licensed Product;
and (c) all formulations, dosages and forms of release for any of the foregoing products. 

1.116.
 Licensed Product Agreement means, with respect to a Licensed Product, any agreement entered into by and between
a Party or any of its Affiliates, on the one hand, and one (1) or more Third Parties, on the other hand, that is necessary or reasonably
useful for the Exploitation of such Licensed Product in the Field, including: (a) supply agreements pursuant to which a Party or its
Affiliates obtain or will obtain quantities of such Licensed Product; (b) clinical trial agreements; (c) contract research organization
agreements; and (d) service agreements. 

1.117.
 Licensee has the meaning set forth in the preamble hereto. 

1.118.
 Licensee Covenant Patent means any Patent that (a) the Licensee or any of its Affiliates Controls that is not
part of the Licensee Technology and (b) would be infringed by the exercise by Eisai of any of the rights granted to Eisai under Section
2.2. 

1.119.
 Licensee Developed Technology means all Intellectual Property Rights owned by Licensee pursuant to Section 6.1.2. 

1.120.
 Licensee Funded Technology has the meaning set forth in Section 6.1.3. 

1.121.
 Licensee Indemnitees has the meaning set forth in Section 9.2. 

1.122.
 Licensee Know-how means all rights in Know-how comprised within the Licensee Technology. 

1.123.
 Licensee Patents means all Patents owned by the Licensee or any of its Affiliates that are filed after the Original
Effective Date and that contain, disclose or claim any Licensee Know-how. 

1.124.
 Licensee Proprietary Product means any pharmaceutical product that is owned, licensed or otherwise controlled
by Licensee or any of its Affiliates. 

12 

1.125.
 Licensee Regulatory Documentation means (a) all Regulatory Documentation transferred to the Licensee under
this Agreement, including Eisai Existing Regulatory Documentation for the Licensee Territory and (b) all Regulatory Documentation Controlled
by the Licensee or any of its Affiliates created after the Original Effective Date which relates to the Licensed Compound or Licensed
Products. 

1.126.
 Licensee Technology means the Licensee Developed Technology and the Licensee Funded Technology. 

1.127.
 Licensee Territory means all countries in the world, excluding those countries in the Eisai Territory; provided
 that following any exercise of the India Option by the Licensee in accordance with Section 2.7 the Licensee Territory 
shall include India. 

1.128.
 Licensee Territory Commercialization Plan has the meaning set forth in Section 3.3.3(a). 

1.129.
 Licensee Territory Development Plan has the meaning set forth in Section 3.1.6. 

1.130.
 Licensee Trademarks means any Trademark other than an Eisai Trademark or any Corporate Name used by or on behalf
of the Licensee or any of its Affiliates on or in connection with the Exploitation of any Licensed Product in the Licensee Territory
in accordance with Section 6.7.1(b), but excluding, for clarity, any trade dress. 

1.131.
 Losses has the meaning set forth in Section 9.1. 

1.132.
 Manufacture and Manufacturing mean, in respect of a biologic product, all activities related
to the production, manufacture, processing, filling, finishing, packaging, labeling, shipping and holding of such product or any intermediate
thereof, including process development, process qualification and validation, scale-up, pre-clinical, clinical and commercial manufacture
and analytic development, product characterization, stability testing, quality assurance and quality control. 

1.133.
 Manufacturing Process has the meaning set forth in Section 3.5.2. 

1.134.
 Manufacturing Transfer Services has the meaning set forth in Section 3.5.2. 

1.135.
 Material Anti-Corruption Law Violation means a violation of an Anti-Corruption Law relating to the subject matter
of this Agreement that would, if it were publicly known, be reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on a Party or on the
reputation of the Party because of its relationship with the other Party. 

1.136.
 Net Sales means, with respect to a Licensed Product in a particular country in the Licensee Territory and a
particular period of time, the gross sales recorded by the Licensee or any of its Affiliates or Sublicensees for such Licensed Product
sold to Third Parties, less the following deductions specifically related to such Licensed Product and actually taken or applied, in
the case of both gross sales and deductions as determined in accordance with GAAP: 

13 

1.136.1.
 normal trade and cash discounts; 

1.136.2.
 amounts repaid or credited by reasons of defects, rejections, recalls or returns; 

1.136.3.
 fees, rebates and chargebacks to customers and Third Parties (including Medicare, Medicaid, Managed Healthcare, including managed
care or pharmacy benefit management companies, and similar types of rebates), and distribution fees paid to wholesalers and any other
Third Party administrative fees; 

1.136.4.
 amounts provided or credited to customers through coupons and other discount programs; 

1.136.5.
 delayed ship order credits, discounts or payments related to the impact of price increases between purchase and shipping dates and
retroactive price reductions; 

1.136.6.
 costs of outbound freight, insurance, and other transportation charges directly related to the distribution of such Licensed Product
to the purchaser; 

1.136.7.
 compensation paid to non-Affiliate distributors and wholesalers for maintaining agreed inventory level and providing information;
and 

1.136.8.
 other reductions or specifically identifiable amounts deducted for reasons similar to those listed above in accordance with GAAP. 

Such
deductions shall be booked on an accrual basis by the Licensee and its Affiliates and Sublicensees under GAAP to calculate the recorded
net sale from gross sales. In no event shall any particular amount of deduction identified above be deducted more than once in calculating
Net Sales (i.e., no double counting of reductions). With respect to the calculation of Net Sales: (a) Net Sales only include
the value charged or invoiced on an arm s length sale to a Third Party and sales between or among the Licensee and its Affiliates
and Sublicensees will be disregarded for the purposes of calculating Net Sales unless such Affiliate or Sublicensee is the end-user of
such Licensed Product; and (b) if the Licensed Product is delivered to the Third Party before being invoiced (or is not invoiced), Net
Sales will be calculated at the time all the revenue recognition criteria under GAAP are met, or when payment is received, whichever
is earlier. 

1.137.
 Non-Breaching Party has the meaning set forth in Section 10.2.1. 

1.138.
 Notice Period has the meaning set forth in Section 10.2.1. 

1.139.
 Original Agreement has the meaning set forth in the recitals hereto. 

1.140.
 Original Effective Date means March 30, 2016. 

1.141.
 Party and Parties have the meaning set forth in the preamble hereto. 

14 

1.142.
 Patents means: (a) all national, regional and international patents and patent applications, including provisional
patent applications; (b) all patent applications filed either from such patents, patent applications or provisional applications or from
an application claiming priority from either of these, including divisionals, continuations, continuations-in-part, provisionals, converted
provisionals and continued prosecution applications; (c) any and all patents that have issued or in the future issue from the foregoing
patent applications ((a) and (b)), including utility models, petty patents, innovation patents and design patents and certificates of
invention; (d) any and all associated exclusivities, extensions or restorations by existing or future exclusivity, extension or restoration
mechanisms, including post-grant proceedings, revalidations, re-issues, re-examinations and extensions (including any supplementary protection
certificates and the like) of the foregoing patents or patent applications ((a), (b) and (c)); and (e) any similar rights subsisting
anywhere in the world, including so-called pipeline protection or any importation, revalidation, confirmation or introduction patent
or registration patent or patent of additions to any of such foregoing patent applications and patents ((a), (b), (c) and (d)). 

1.143.
 Payment has the meaning set forth in Section 5.5.1. 

1.144.
 Person means an individual, sole proprietorship, partnership, limited partnership, limited liability partnership,
corporation, limited liability company, business trust, joint stock company, trust, unincorporated association, joint venture or other
similar entity or organization, including a government or political subdivision, department or agency of a government. 

1.145.
 PHSA means the Public Health Service Act as set forth at 42 U.S.C. Chapter 6A, as may be amended from time to
time, together with any rules, regulations and requirements promulgated thereunder (including all additions, supplements, extensions
and modifications thereto). 

1.146.
 President Arbitrator has the meaning set forth in Section 11.5.2(b). 

1.147.
 Prosecuting Party has the meaning set forth in Section 6.2.1. 

1.148.
 Qualifications has the meaning set forth in Section 11.5.2(b). 

1.149.
 Quality Agreement means the Clinical Quality Agreement or Eisai Territory Commercial Quality Agreement, as applicable. 

1.150.
 Regulatory Approval means, with respect to a particular Licensed Product and a particular country, any and all
approvals (including approvals of Drug Approval Applications), licenses, registrations or authorizations of any Regulatory Authority
necessary to commercially distribute, sell or market a Licensed Product in such country, including, where applicable: (a) pricing or
reimbursement approval in such country; (b) pre- and post-approval marketing authorizations (including any prerequisite Manufacturing
approval or authorization related thereto); and (c) labeling approval. 

1.151.
 Regulatory Authority means any applicable supra-national, federal, national, regional, state, provincial or
local regulatory agencies, departments, bureaus, commissions, councils or other government entities regulating or otherwise exercising
authority with respect to the Exploitation of the Licensed Compound or Licensed Products, including the FDA in the United States and
the EMA in the European Union. 

15 

1.152.
 Regulatory Documentation means all: (a) applications (including all INDs and Drug Approval Applications), registrations,
licenses, authorizations and approvals (including Regulatory Approvals) and (b) correspondence and reports submitted to or received from
Regulatory Authorities (including minutes and official contact reports relating to any communications with any Regulatory Authority)
and all supporting documents with respect thereto, including all adverse event files and complaint files; in each case relating to the
Licensed Compound or a Licensed Product. 

1.153.
 Representatives has the meaning set forth in Section 8.4. 

1.154.
 Senior Officer means, with respect to Eisai, the chief executive officer or a designee who directly reports
to him or her, and with respect to the Licensee, the chief executive officer or a designee who directly reports to him or her. 

1.155.
 Sublicensee means a Person, other than an Affiliate, to which the Licensee grants a sublicense under the grants
in Section 2.1 as provided in Section 2.3. 

1.156.
 Supply Agreement means the Clinical Supply Agreement or the Eisai Territory Commercial Supply Agreement, as
applicable. 

1.157.
 Term means the Initial Term, plus any Extension Term. 

1.158.
 Termination Notice has the meaning set forth in Section 10.2.1. 

1.159.
 Territory means: (a) in relation to Eisai, the Eisai Territory; and (b) in relation to the Licensee, the Licensee
Territory. 

1.160.
 Third Party means any Person other than Eisai, the Licensee and their respective Affiliates. 

1.161.
 Third Party Claims has the meaning set forth in Section 9.1. 

1.162.
 Third Party Infringement Claim has the meaning set forth in Section 6.4.1. 

1.163.
 Third Party Patent Right has the meaning set forth in Section 6.6. 

1.164.
 Trademark means any word, name, logo, tagline, slogan, symbol, device, design, color, shape, designation or
any combination thereof, including any trademark, service mark, trade name, brand name, sub-brand name, trade dress, product configuration
rights, program name, delivery form name, certification mark or collective mark, that functions as an identifier of source, origin or
quality, in each case, whether or not registered, and all statutory and common law rights therein and all registrations and applications
therefor, together with all goodwill associated with, or symbolized by, any of the foregoing. 

1.165.
 United States or U.S. means the United States of America and its territories and possessions
(including the District of Columbia and Puerto Rico). 

16 

1.166.
 United States CTCL Regulatory Costs means the FTE Costs incurred and the direct out-of-pocket costs recorded
as an expense, in accordance with GAAP, by or on behalf of Eisai or any of its Affiliates with respect to obtaining Regulatory Approval
of the Existing Licensed Product in the United States for the CTCL Indication that are incurred or recorded after the pre-BLA meeting
with the FDA with respect to the Existing Licensed Product in the United States for the CTCL Indication. 

1.167.
 US CTCL Regulatory Matters has the meaning set forth in Section 4.2.1(b). 

1.168.
 Unresolved Joint Subcommittee Matter has the meaning set forth in Section 4.4.1. 

1.169.
 Unresolved JSC Matter has the meaning set forth in Section 4.4.2. 

1.170.
 VAT has the meaning set forth in Section 5.5.2. 

1.171.
 Working Team has the meaning set forth in Section 4.6. 

ARTICLE
2 
GRANT OF RIGHTS 

2.1.
Grants to Licensee . 

2.1.1.
Eisai Technology and Eisai Regulatory Documentation . Subject to Section 2.4.1 , as of
the Original Effective Date, Eisai hereby grants, and shall procure that each of its relevant Affiliates shall grant, to the Licensee
an exclusive (including with regard to Eisai and its Affiliates) license (or sublicense) under the Eisai Technology, and an exclusive
(including with regard to Eisai and its Affiliates) license and right of reference under the Eisai Regulatory Documentation, in each
case with the right to grant sublicenses and further rights of reference in accordance with Section 2.3 to: (a) Exploit (other than to
Develop, Manufacture, have Manufactured, make or have made) the Licensed Compound and Licensed Products in the Field in the Licensee
Territory; (b) Develop the Licensed Compound and Licensed Products in the Field anywhere in the world solely for the purposes of obtaining
or maintaining Regulatory Approvals for (i) the Licensed Compound and Licensed Products in the Field in the Licensee Territory or (ii)
any Licensee Proprietary Product for use in concomitant or sequential administration with a Licensed Product anywhere in the world; (c)
Manufacture, have Manufactured, make and have made the Licensed Compound and Licensed Products anywhere in the world solely for the purposes
of Developing, obtaining or maintaining Regulatory Approvals for, or Commercializing the Licensed Compound and Licensed Products in the
Field in the Licensee Territory; (d) Commercialize any Licensee Proprietary Product for use in concomitant or sequential administration
with a Licensed Product anywhere in the world; and (e) perform its obligations under this Agreement, including any agreements entered
into pursuant to this Agreement. For purposes of the use of Regulatory Approval in connection with clause (b)(ii) above, the term Licensed
Product in the definition of Regulatory Approval shall be deemed to be a reference to Licensee Proprietary Product . 

17 

2.1.2.
Eisai Trademarks . Subject to Section 2.4.1, as of the Original Effective Date, Eisai hereby grants, and shall procure that each of
its relevant Affiliates shall grant, to the Licensee an exclusive (including with regard to Eisai and its Affiliates) license (or sublicense)
under the Eisai Trademarks, with the right to grant sublicenses in accordance with Section 2.3, to exercise the rights grants to the
Licensee under Section 2.1.1. 

2.1.3.
Eisai Territory Licensed Product Trademarks . Subject to Section 2.4.1, as of the Original Effective Date, Eisai hereby grants, and
shall procure that each of its relevant Affiliates shall grant, to the Licensee a non-exclusive license (or sublicense) under the Eisai
Territory Product Trademarks, with the right to grant sublicenses solely to any licensee or sublicensee of the Licensee s rights
with respect to the applicable Licensee Proprietary Product, to Commercialize any Licensee Proprietary Product for use in concomitant
or sequential administration with a Licensed Product in the Eisai Territory. 

2.2.
Grants to Eisai . 

2.2.1.
Licensee Technology and Licensee Regulatory Documentation . Subject to Section 2.4.2, as of the Original Effective Date, the Licensee
hereby grants, and shall procure that each of its relevant Affiliates shall grant, to Eisai an exclusive (including with regard to the
Licensee and its Affiliates) license under the Licensee Technology, and an exclusive (including with regard to the Licensee and its Affiliates)
license and right of reference under the Licensee Regulatory Documentation, in each case with the right to grant sublicenses and further
rights of reference in accordance with Section 2.3, to: (a) Exploit (other than to Develop, Manufacture, have Manufactured, make or have
made) the Licensed Compound and Licensed Products in the Field in the Eisai Territory; (b) Develop the Licensed Compound and Licensed
Products in the Field anywhere in the world solely for the purposes of obtaining or maintaining Regulatory Approvals for (i) the Licensed
Compound and Licensed Products in the Field in the Eisai Territory or (ii) any Eisai Proprietary Product for use in concomitant or sequential
administration with a Licensed Product anywhere in the world; (c) Manufacture, have Manufactured, make and have made the Licensed Compound
and Licensed Products anywhere in the world solely for the purposes of Developing, obtaining or maintaining Regulatory Approvals for,
or Commercializing the Licensed Compound and Licensed Products in the Field in the Eisai Territory; (d) Commercialize any Eisai Proprietary
Product for use in concomitant or sequential administration with a Licensed Product anywhere in the world; and (e) perform its obligations
under this Agreement, including any agreements entered into pursuant to this Agreement. For purposes of the use of Regulatory Approval
in connection with clause (b)(ii) above, the term Licensed Product in the definition of Regulatory Approval shall be deemed
to be a reference to Eisai Proprietary Product . 

2.2.2.
Licensee Trademarks . Subject to Section 2.4.2, as of the Original Effective Date, the Licensee hereby grants, and shall procure that
each of its relevant Affiliates shall grant, to Eisai a non-exclusive license (or sublicense) under the Licensee Trademarks, with the
right to grant sublicenses solely to any licensee or sublicensee of Eisai s rights with respect to the applicable Eisai Proprietary
Product, to Commercialize any Eisai Proprietary Product for use in concomitant or sequential administration with a Licensed Product in
the Licensee Territory. 

18 

2.2.3.
Eisai Technology, Eisai Trademarks and Eisai Regulatory Documentation . Subject to Section 2.4.2, as of the Original Effective Date
until full assignment of Eisai s rights and delegation of Eisai s obligations under the Distribution Agreements with respect
to the Distribution Products to Licensee, the Licensee hereby grants, and shall procure that each of its relevant Affiliates shall grant,
to Eisai a non-exclusive license (or sublicense) under the Eisai Technology and Eisai Trademarks, and a non-exclusive license and right
of reference under the Eisai Regulatory Documentation, in each case, with the right to grant sublicenses and further rights of reference
as necessary to maintain Eisai s compliance with the Distribution Agreements, solely to the extent necessary under the Distribution
Agreements. 

2.3.
Sublicenses . 

2.3.1.
Right to Sublicense . Subject to Section 2.3.2, each Party shall have the right to grant sublicenses (or further rights of reference),
through multiple tiers of sublicensees, under the licenses and rights of reference granted in Section 2.1 and Section 2.2 (as applicable)
to: 

(a)
its Affiliates; 

(b)
with respect to Eisai, any other Persons; and 

(c)
with respect to the Licensee, any other Persons; provided that any sublicenses to such other Persons shall be subject to the prior
written consent of Eisai, such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed; provided, further , that with respect
to any sublicense to a contract manufacturer or supplier for a Licensed Product that would not involve the disclosure of any Eisai Trade
Secret, Eisai shall provide its response to any request for such consent within [ ] ([ ]) Business Days after the Licensee s
request with respect thereto; provided, further , that any sublicense to such other Persons that would involve the disclosure of
any Eisai Trade Secret shall be subject to the prior written consent of Eisai, which may be withheld, conditioned or delayed in its sole
discretion. 

2.3.2.
Sublicense Terms . Any sublicenses granted pursuant to Section 2.3.1 shall be consistent with, and subject to, the terms and conditions
of this Agreement. Each Party shall cause each of its sublicensees to comply with the applicable terms and conditions of this Agreement,
as if such sublicensee were a Party to this Agreement, and shall be responsible to the other Party for the actions and inactions of its
sublicensees. Each Party hereby waives any requirement that the other Party exhaust any right, power or remedy, or proceed against any
sublicensee of the first Party for any obligation or performance under this Agreement prior to proceeding directly against the sublicensing
Party. Any sublicense granted pursuant to Section 2.3.1 shall terminate immediately if the relevant sublicensee commits or omits to do
any act which would, if committed or omitted by a Party, be a material breach of this Agreement, or would give rise to a right of termination
pursuant to Section 10.2. 

19 

2.4.
Reservation of Rights . 

2.4.1.
No Other Rights Granted by Eisai . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement but subject to Section 2.6.2, Eisai
retains, on behalf of itself and its Affiliates, rights in and to the Eisai Technology, the Eisai Regulatory Documentation and the Eisai
Trademarks to: (a) Develop, Manufacture, have Manufactured, make and have made the Licensed Compound and Licensed Products anywhere in
the world solely for the purposes of (i) obtaining or maintaining Regulatory Approvals for, or Commercializing, the Licensed Compound
and Licensed Products in the Field in the Eisai Territory or (ii) obtaining or maintaining Regulatory Approvals for any Eisai Proprietary
Product for use in concomitant or sequential administration with a Licensed Product anywhere in the world; (b) Commercialize any Eisai
Proprietary Product for use in concomitant or sequential administration with a Licensed Product anywhere in the world; and (c) perform
its obligations under this Agreement, including any agreements entered into pursuant to this Agreement. Except as expressly provided
herein, Eisai grants no other right or license, including any rights or licenses to the Eisai Technology, the Eisai Regulatory Documentation,
the Eisai Trademarks, the Eisai Territory Product Trademarks or other Intellectual Property Rights. In no event shall the Licensee or
any of its Affiliates obtain any right or license to any Intellectual Property Rights with respect to any Eisai Proprietary Product under
this Agreement. For purposes of the use of Regulatory Approval in connection with clause (a)(ii) above, the term Licensed Product 
in the definition of Regulatory Approval shall be deemed to be a reference to Eisai Proprietary Product . 

2.4.2.
No Other Rights Granted by the Licensee . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement but subject to Section 2.6.1,
the Licensee retains, on behalf of itself and its Affiliates, rights in and to the Licensee Technology and the Licensee Regulatory Documentation
to: (a) Develop, Manufacture, have Manufactured, make and have made the Licensed Compound and Licensed Products anywhere in the world
solely for the purposes of (i) obtaining or maintaining Regulatory Approvals for, or Commercializing, the Licensed Compound and Licensed
Products in the Field in the Licensee Territory or (ii) obtaining or maintaining Regulatory Approvals for any Licensee Proprietary Product
for use in concomitant or sequential administration with a Licensed Product anywhere in the world; (b) Commercialize any Licensee Proprietary
Product for use in concomitant or sequential administration with a Licensed Product anywhere in the world; and (c) perform its obligations
under this Agreement, including any agreements entered into pursuant to this Agreement. Except as expressly provided herein, the Licensee
grants no other right or license, including any rights or licenses to the Licensee Technology, the Licensee Regulatory Documentation,
the Licensee Trademarks or any other Intellectual Property Rights. In no event shall Eisai or any of its Affiliates obtain any right
or license to any Intellectual Property Rights with respect to any Licensee Proprietary Product under this Agreement. For purposes of
the use of Regulatory Approval in connection with clause (a)(ii) above, the term Licensed Product in the definition of
Regulatory Approval shall be deemed to be a reference to Licensee Proprietary Product . 

2.5.
Covenant Not to Sue . 

2.5.1.
Covenant Not to Sue the Licensee . Eisai hereby covenants not to assert or cause to be asserted, and will cause its Affiliates not
to assert or cause to be asserted, against the Licensee or any of the Licensee s Affiliates or Sublicensees, any claim of infringement
under any Eisai Covenant Patent solely with respect to the exercise of the rights granted to the Licensee under Section 2.1.1. If Eisai
or any of its Affiliates licenses, assigns or otherwise transfers any Eisai Covenant Patent to a Third Party, then Eisai or its Affiliate,
as applicable, will require such licensee, assignee or transferee to be bound by a covenant substantially identical to the covenant made
by Eisai in this Section 2.5.1. 

20 

2.5.2.
Covenant Not to Sue Eisai . The Licensee hereby covenants not to assert or cause to be asserted, and will cause its Affiliates not
to assert or cause to be asserted, against Eisai or any of Eisai s Affiliates or Sublicensees, any claim of infringement under
any Licensee Covenant Patent solely with respect to the exercise of the rights granted to Eisai under Section 2.2. If the Licensee or
any of its Affiliates licenses, assigns or otherwise transfers any Licensee Covenant Patent to a Third Party, then the Licensee or its
Affiliate, as applicable, will require such licensee, assignee or transferee to be bound by a covenant substantially identical to the
covenant made by the Licensee in this Section 2.5.2. 

2.6.
Exclusivity and Territorial Restrictions . 

2.6.1.
Licensee . The Licensee shall not, and shall not permit any of its Affiliates or any of its and their licensees, Sublicensees, or
distributors to, distribute, market, promote, offer for sale, or sell the Licensed Products, directly or indirectly, to any Person for
use outside the Field outside the Licensee Territory. If the Licensee or any of its Affiliates receives or becomes aware of the receipt
by a licensee, Sublicensee or distributor of any orders for any Licensed Products for commercial use outside the Field outside the Licensee
Territory, the Licensee shall notify Eisai thereof and shall cause such recipient to refer such orders to Eisai. 

2.6.2.
Eisai . Eisai shall not, and shall not permit any of its Affiliates or any of its and their licensees or distributors to, distribute,
market, promote, offer for sale or sell the Licensed Products, directly or indirectly, to any Person for use in the Field in the Licensee
Territory. If Eisai or any of its Affiliates receives or becomes aware of the receipt by a (sub)licensee or distributor of any orders
for any Licensed Product for commercial use in the Field in the Licensee Territory, Eisai shall notify the Licensee thereof and shall
cause such recipient to refer such orders to the Licensee. 

2.7.
India Option . At any time prior to the filing of a Drug Approval Application for the Exploitation of the Existing Licensed Product
in the United States (the India Option Period ), the Licensee may, upon [ ] ([ ]) Business Days written
notice to Eisai elect to add India to the Licensee Territory (the India Option ). If the Licensee timely elects the
India Option during the India Option Period, then thereafter for the purposes of this Agreement, the term Licensee Territory 
shall include India and the term Eisai Territory shall not include India. 

2.8.
India Restriction . Prior to the filing of a Drug Approval Application for the Exploitation of the Existing Licensed Product in the
United States, Eisai must not Commercialize the Licensed Compound or Licensed Products in India without the prior written consent of
the Licensee. 

21 

2.9.
Technical Document and Know-How Transfer . Eisai shall, and shall procure that each of its relevant Affiliates shall, provide to the
Licensee the Know-how, Regulatory Documentation (including Eisai Existing Regulatory Documentation for the Licensee Territory) and other
documents relating to the Existing Licensed Product and the Discontinued Product set forth on Schedule 2.9 in the form, and by the delivery
date, set forth on Schedule 2.9. In addition, Eisai will use Commercially Reasonable Efforts to provide the Licensee any other documentation
reasonably requested by the Licensee that embodies any Eisai Technology or Eisai Regulatory Documentation relating to the Licensee Territory.
The Licensee shall reimburse Eisai for the direct out-of-pocket costs recorded as an expense, in accordance with GAAP, by or on behalf
of Eisai or any of its Affiliates related to the provision of any Know-how, Regulatory Documentation or other documents pursuant to this
Section 2.9 within [ ] ([ ]) days after receipt of an invoice with respect thereto. For clarity, this Section 2.9 contains Eisai s
obligation to deliver the documents and information set forth on Schedule 2.9 and Eisai s obligations to provide knowledge transfer
and support are set forth in Section 3.2.2 and Section 3.5.2. 

2.10.
Distribution Agreements . 

(a)
Eisai shall use good faith efforts to obtain (or, if requested in writing by Licensee, assist Licensee in obtaining) (i) a written acknowledgement
from [ ] of Eisai s right to partially assign Eisai s rights and delegate Eisai s obligations, under the [ ] Agreements
with respect to the Distribution Products to Licensee and (ii) written consent from [ ] to partially assign Eisai s rights and
delegate Eisai s obligations under the [ ] Agreement with respect to the Distribution Products to Licensee. If any such acknowledgement
or consent is not obtained within [ ] ([ ]) days after the Original Effective Date, Eisai shall continue to use its good faith efforts
to obtain such acknowledgement or consent, and Eisai shall cooperate with Licensee in any lawful and economically feasible arrangement
(including subcontracting) to provide that Licensee shall receive the interest of Eisai in any such Distribution Agreement with respect
to the Distribution Products; provided that Licensee shall fulfill any obligations for which Licensee would have been responsible
if such acknowledgement or consent had been obtained, subject to the indemnification obligations of Eisai in Section 9.2. Eisai shall
hold in trust for and pay to Licensee, promptly upon receipt thereof, all income, proceeds and other monies received by Eisai or any
of its Affiliates in connection with the distribution of the Distribution Products under the Distribution Agreements. 

(b)
Effective upon obtaining such written acknowledgement or consent as described in Section 2.10(a) with respect to the [ ] Agreements
or the [ ] Agreement, as applicable, Eisai hereby assigns to Licensee all of Eisai s rights and delegates to Licensee all of
Eisai s obligations, in each case, under the [ ] Agreements or the [ ] Agreement, as applicable, with respect to the Distribution
Products and Licensee hereby accepts such assignment and assumes such obligations. 

22 

ARTICLE
3 
DEVELOPMENT, REGULATORY AND COMMERCIALIZATION ACTIVITIES 

3.1.
Development . 

3.1.1.
In General . Except as provided in Section 3.1.2, Section 3.1.3, and Section 3.2, as between the Parties, (a) subject to clause (c)
and (d), Licensee shall have the sole right and responsibility, at its sole expense, for all aspects of the Development of the Licensed
Compound and Licensed Products for Commercialization in the Field in the Licensee Territory, (b) Eisai shall have the sole right and
responsibility, at its sole expense, for all aspects of the Development of the Licensed Compound and Licensed Products for Commercialization
in the Field in the Eisai Territory, (c) Licensee shall have the sole right and responsibility, at its sole expense, for all aspects
of the Development of any Licensee Proprietary Product for use in concomitant or sequential administration with a Licensed Product anywhere
in the world and (d) Eisai shall have the sole right and responsibility, at its sole expense, for all aspects of the Development of any
Eisai Proprietary Product for use in concomitant or sequential administration with a Licensed Product anywhere in the world. Neither
Party shall perform any Development activities, other than pre-clinical research activities, with respect to the Licensed Compound nor
the Licensed Products except as set forth in the 302 Development Plan, CMC Development Plan, Eisai Territory Development Plan
or Licensee Territory Development Plan, as applicable. 

3.1.2.
 302 Development Activities . 

(a)
Eisai shall use Commercially Reasonable Efforts to perform the 302 Development Activities in compliance with the 302 Development
Plan. Either Party, through its representatives on the JSC, may propose amendments to the 302 Development Plan from time to time.
Any and all such amendments to the 302 Development Plan shall be subject to approval by the JSC as set forth in Section 4.1.1.
No amendment to the 302 Development Plan will be effective unless approved by the JSC in accordance with Section 4.1.1, including
the dispute resolution procedures set forth in Section 4.4. All amendments to the 302 Development Plan must be in writing. 

(b)
After completing the clinical trial described in the 302 Development Plan, after internal Eisai review of the first draft of the
Final 302 Development Report, Eisai shall provide the Licensee with a copy of each additional draft of the Final 302 Development
Report that Eisai distributes within Eisai for review and comment. Eisai shall consider in good faith any comments provided by the Licensee
within the comment period provided for the internal Eisai reviewers; provided that any dispute regarding whether or not to implement
any of the Licensee s comments with respect to any draft of the Final 302 Development Report (each, a Final 302
Development Report Dispute shall be submitted to the JSC for resolution. Eisai shall implement any of the Licensee s
comments with respect to any draft of the Final 302 Development Report that has been approved by the JSC (including, if applicable,
in accordance with Section 4.4.2(g)). 

3.1.3.
CMC Development Activities . 

(a)
Within [ ] ([ ]) days after the Original Effective Date, the Parties shall finalize the CMC Development Plan. 

(b)
Eisai shall use Commercially Reasonable Efforts to perform the CMC Development Activities in compliance with the CMC Development Plan.
Either Party, through its representatives on the JSC, may propose amendments to the CMC Development Plan from time to time. Any and all
such amendments to the CMC Development Plan shall be subject to approval by the JSC as set forth in Section 4.1.1. No amendment to the
CMC Development Plan will be effective unless approved by the JSC in accordance with Section 4.1.1, including the dispute resolution
procedures set forth in Section 4.4. All amendments to the CMC Development Plan must be in writing. 

23 

(c)
After completing the activities necessary to generate the data and information necessary for the deliverables described in the CMC Development
Plan, after internal Eisai review of the first draft of the Final CMC Development Report, Eisai shall provide the Licensee with a copy
of each additional draft of the Final CMC Development Report that Eisai distributes within Eisai for review and comment. Eisai shall
consider in good faith any comments provided by the Licensee within the comment period provided for the internal Eisai reviewers; provided
that any dispute regarding whether or not to implement any of the Licensee s comments with respect to any draft of the Final CMC
Development Report (each, a Final CMC Development Report Dispute shall be submitted to the JSC for resolution.
Eisai shall implement any of the Licensee s comments with respect to any draft of the Final CMC Development Report that has been
approved by the JSC (including, if applicable, in accordance with Section 4.4.2(g)). 

3.1.4.
 302 Development Costs . Subject to this Section 3.1.4, Licensee shall reimburse Eisai for its 302 Development Costs. 

(a)
Eisai shall report to Licensee, within [ ] ([ ]) days after the end of each Calendar Quarter, the 302 Development Costs incurred
by Eisai or any of its Affiliates during such Calendar Quarter. Each such report shall (i) specify in reasonable detail all amounts included
in 302 Development Costs during such Calendar Quarter (broken down by activity) and the corresponding budgeted expenses for such
Calendar Quarter and (ii) include an invoice for the 302 Development Costs incurred by Eisai or any of its Affiliates during such
Calendar Quarter and copies of any invoices or other supporting documentation for any payments to a Third Party that individually exceed
[ ] Dollars [ ]) (or such other amount approved by the JSC). Eisai agrees to provide upon request copies of invoices and details
to Licensee on any invoices not otherwise submitted to Licensee to enable Licensee to comply with its tax, auditing and other obligations.
The Parties shall seek to resolve any questions related to such reports and invoice details within [ ] ([ ]) days following the Licensee s
receipt of Eisai s report hereunder. Subject to clause (b) below, within [ ] ([ ]) days after the later of (i) the receipt
of any report and (ii) the resolution of any questions with respect to any report, Licensee shall reimburse Eisai for the 302
Development Costs set forth in such report; it being understood and agreed that all undisputed amounts shall be payable within [ ]
([ ]) days after the receipt of the applicable report referred to in clause (i) above. 

(b)
Unless otherwise agreed by the Parties in writing, in no event shall the Licensee be obligated to reimburse Eisai for more than (i) [ ]
Dollars [ ]) in 302 Development Costs , with respect to the 302 Development Plan, as it exists as of the Original Effective
Date or as the 302 Development Plan may be amended to enable Eisai to provide the Licensee the deliverables set forth in 302
Development Plan as of the Original Effective Date in accordance with the timeframe set forth therein, or if FDA requires changes to
the 302 Development Plan due to changes in the manufacturing site. For clarity, unless otherwise agreed by the Parties in writing,
Licensee shall reimburse Eisai for its 302 Development Costs resulting from any other amendment to the 302 Development
Plan. 

24 

3.1.5.
Eisai Territory Development Plan . As soon as reasonably practicable after the Original Effective Date, and in any event within [ ]
([ ]) days after the Original Effective Date, Eisai shall provide the JSC with a copy of its plan for the Development of the Licensed
Compound and Licensed Products for Commercialization in the Eisai Territory or any Eisai Proprietary Product for use in concomitant or
sequential administration with a Licensed Product anywhere in the world, other than the 302 Development Activities and the CMC
Development Activities (the Eisai Territory Development Plan ), which Eisai Territory Development Plan shall be subject
to approval by the JSC as set forth in Section 4.1.3. Eisai, through its representatives on the JSC, may propose amendments to the Eisai
Territory Development Plan from time to time. Any and all such amendments to the Eisai Territory Development Plan shall be subject to
approval by the JSC as set forth in Section 4.1.3. Neither the initial Eisai Territory Development Plan nor any amendment to the Eisai
Territory Development Plan will be effective unless approved by the JSC in accordance with Section 4.1.3, including the dispute resolution
procedures set forth in Section 4.4. All amendments to the Eisai Territory Development Plan must be in writing. 

3.1.6.
Licensee Territory Development Plan . As soon as reasonably practicable after the Original Effective Date, and in any event within
[ ] ([ ]) days after the Original Effective Date, the Licensee shall provide the JSC with a copy of its plan for the Development
of the Licensed Compound and Licensed Products for Commercialization in the Licensee Territory or any Licensee Proprietary Product for
use in concomitant or sequential administration with a Licensed Product anywhere in the world, other than the 302 Development
Activities and the CMC Development Activities (the Licensee Territory Development Plan ), which Licensee Territory
Development Plan shall be subject to approval by the JSC as set forth in Section 4.1.3. Licensee, through its representatives on the
JSC, may propose amendments to the Licensee Territory Development Plan from time to time. Any and all such amendments to the Licensee
Territory Development Plan shall be subject to approval by the JSC as set forth in Section 4.1.3. Neither the initial Licensee Territory
Development Plan nor any amendment to the Licensee Territory Development Plan will be effective unless approved by the JSC in accordance
with Section 4.1.3, including the dispute resolution procedures set forth in Section 4.4. All amendments to the Licensee Development
Plan must be in writing. 

3.1.7.
Licensee Development Diligence . Subject to Eisai s performance of the 302 Development Activities and the CMC Development
Activities, Licensee shall use Commercially Reasonable Efforts to Develop a Licensed Product for the United States for the CTCL Indication. 

3.1.8.
Development Records . Each Party shall, and shall cause its Affiliates to, maintain, in good scientific manner, complete and accurate
books and records pertaining to its Development of the Licensed Compound and the Licensed Products, in sufficient detail to verify compliance
with its obligations under this Agreement. Such books and records shall: (a) be appropriate for patent and regulatory purposes; (b) be
in compliance with Applicable Law; (c) properly reflect all work done and results achieved in the performance of its Development activities
hereunder, including all data and other information obtained in the performance of such activities; and (d) record only such activities
and not include or be commingled with records of activities outside the scope of this Agreement. Eisai shall provide the Licensee electronic
access to such books and records in Eisai or any of its Affiliate s possession that relate to the CMC Development Activities and
the 302 Development Activities via a secure file transfer protocol site or other similar site, which site Eisai shall update at
least once a Calendar Quarter. Except to the extent prohibited by Applicable Law, promptly after Eisai files the BLA for the Existing
Licensed Product for the CTCL Indication in the United States, Eisai shall transfer to the Licensee or its designated Affiliate the original
version (or, where the transfer of the original version is prohibited by Applicable Law, a copy) of all such books and records that relate
to the CMC Development Activities and the 302 Development Activities (except that Eisai may retain a copy of the same). Each Party
shall retain a copy of all such books and records for at least [ ] ([ ]) years after the expiration or termination of this Agreement
or for such longer period as may be required by Applicable Law. Each Party shall have the right, during normal business hours and upon
reasonable notice, to inspect all records of the other Party maintained pursuant to this Section 3.1.8. 

25 

3.1.9.
FTE Reports . In addition, Eisai shall record and account for (on a monthly and position-by-position basis) its FTE effort with respect
to its FTE Activities performed under this Agreement, in each case, consistent with past practice and in the same manner as used for
other products developed by Eisai, unless otherwise agreed by the Parties in writing. 

3.1.10.
Development Reports . Without limiting Section 3.1.8, within [ ] ([ ]) days of the end of the first and third Calendar Quarter
of each Contract Year during which a Party is performing, or causing to be performed, Development activities in relation to the Licensed
Compound or Licensed Product, such Party shall provide the JSC with a reasonably detailed written report of the Development activities
it has performed, or caused to be performed, in respect of the Licensed Compound or Licensed Product since the preceding report (or,
with respect to the first such report, since the Original Effective Date), and the future Development activities it expects to initiate
in respect of the Licensed Compound or Licensed Product during the following twelve (12)-month period. In the case of any report submitted
by Eisai to Licensee, each such report shall contain sufficient detail to enable the Licensee to assess Eisai s compliance with
the obligations set forth in Section 3.1.2 and Section 3.1.3. 

3.1.11.
Compliance with Applicable Law . Each Party shall, and shall cause its Affiliates to, comply with all Applicable Law with respect
to the Development of the Licensed Compound and Licensed Products. 

3.2.
Regulatory Activities . 

3.2.1.
In General . 

(a)
Except as otherwise set forth in this Section 3.2, the Licensee shall have the exclusive right, at its own cost, to prepare, submit to
Regulatory Authorities in the Licensee Territory, obtain, and maintain Drug Approval Applications based on the regulatory strategy therefor
approved by the JSC and other submissions (including INDs) for the Licensed Products in the Field in the Licensee Territory, and to conduct
communications with the Regulatory Authorities with respect thereto and all Regulatory Documentation for the Licensed Products in the
Licensee Territory shall be owned by, and shall be the sole property and held in the name of, Licensee or its designated Affiliate. For
clarity, any Eisai Know-how included or referenced in any such Regulatory Documentation shall remain the exclusive property of Eisai
or its applicable Affiliate. 

26 

(b)
Except as otherwise set forth in this Section 3.2, Eisai shall have the exclusive right, at its own cost, to prepare, submit to Regulatory
Authorities in the Eisai Territory, obtain, and maintain Drug Approval Applications based on the regulatory strategy therefor approved
by the JSC, and other submissions (including INDs) for the Licensed Products in the Field in the Eisai Territory, and to conduct communications
with the Regulatory Authorities with respect thereto and all Regulatory Documentation for the Licensed Products in the Eisai Territory
shall be owned by, and shall be the sole property and held in the name of, Eisai or its designated Affiliate. For clarity, any Licensee
Know-how included or referenced in any such Regulatory Documentation shall remain the exclusive property of the Licensee or its applicable
Affiliate. 

(c)
Except as otherwise set forth in this Section 3.2, the Licensee shall have the exclusive right to prepare, submit to Regulatory Authorities,
obtain, and maintain all INDs necessary to conduct any Development activities set forth in the Licensee Territory Development Plan, and
to conduct communications with the Regulatory Authorities with respect thereto and all such INDs shall be owned by, and shall be the
sole property and held in the name of, the Licensee or its designated Affiliate. 

(d)
Eisai shall (i) prepare, submit to Regulatory Authorities, obtain, and maintain all INDs necessary to conduct the 302 Development
Activities and the CMC Development Activities, and (ii) have the exclusive right to prepare, submit to Regulatory Authorities, obtain,
and maintain all INDs necessary to conduct any Development activities set forth in the Eisai Territory Development Plan, and in each
case ((i) and (ii)), subject to Section 3.2.2, to conduct communications with the Regulatory Authorities with respect thereto and, subject
to Section 3.2.3, all such INDs shall be owned by, and shall be the sole property and held in the name of, Eisai or its designated Affiliate. 

3.2.2.
Initial Regulatory Approval in the United States for CTCL Indication . 

(a)
Eisai shall use Commercially Reasonable Efforts to obtain Regulatory Approval of the Existing Licensed Product in the United States for
the CTCL Indication. For clarity, if any additional non-clinical studies or clinical trials other than the 302 Development Activities,
the CMC Development Activities and the non-clinical studies or clinical trials that have been completed by or on behalf of Eisai prior
to the Original Effective Date are required by the FDA to grant Regulatory Approval of the Existing Licensed Product in the United States
for the CTCL Indication, Eisai shall have no obligation to file the BLA for the Existing Licensed Product in the United States for the
CTCL Indication, or engage in communications with the FDA with respect thereto, unless and until such additional non-clinical or clinical
trials have been completed by or on behalf of Licensee. 

27 

(b)
Subject to Section 3.2.2(d), Eisai shall provide the JDC with copies of the BLA for, and other material or substantive submissions or
communications to the FDA relating to, the Existing Licensed Product for the CTCL Indication in the United States a reasonable amount
of time prior to the anticipated date for the submission or communication to allow the JDC to review and approve such BLA or other submission
or communication. Eisai shall not submit the BLA for, or any other material or substantive submission or communication to the FDA relating
to, the Existing Licensed Product for the CTCL Indication in the United States that has not been approved by the JDC (including, if applicable,
in accordance with Section 4.4.2(g)) or the Expedited Procedures, if applicable; provided , that if Eisai has complied with the
approval procedures set forth in Section 4.4 or the Expedited Procedures, as applicable, and, due to the Licensee s failure to
comply with the procedures under Section 4.4 of the Expedited Procedures, as applicable, such approval is not provided prior to the applicable
required response date and Eisai is not able to obtain, through reasonable effort, an extension of such response date, Eisai may submit
such BLA or other material or substantive submission or communication to the FDA without such approval. 

(c)
Subject to Section 3.2.2(d), Eisai shall notify the JDC reasonably in advance of the date of any anticipated meeting with the FDA relating
to the Existing Licensed Product for the CTCL Indication in the United States. The JDC shall agree in advance on the objectives to be
accomplished at, the agenda for, and, if appropriate, the script for, each such meeting. Upon the Licensee s reasonable request,
Eisai shall, to the extent permitted by the FDA, permit the Licensee to attend meetings between Eisai and the FDA relating to the Existing
Licensed Product for the CTCL Indication in the United States and shall, if requested by Licensee, request that the FDA allow at least
one (1) representative of the Licensee to attend, and, to the extent provided in the applicable agreed agenda or script, participate
in such meetings. Eisai shall use good faith efforts to provide the Licensee with an opportunity to be present at, as an observer, to
the extent practical, any unscheduled or ad-hoc meetings with the FDA relating to the Existing Licensed Product for the CTCL Indication
in the United States, provided that if an applicable agenda or script is agreed to by both Parties prior to any unscheduled or
ad hoc meetings, Licensee may participate in such meetings to the extent provided therein. 

(d)
Within [ ] ([ ]) after the Original Effective Date, senior regulatory representatives from each Party shall agree in good faith on
written expedited procedures for the approval of material or substantive submissions or communications to the FDA relating to the Existing
Licensed Product for the CTCL Indication in the United States or, with respect to any meeting with the FDA relating to the Existing Licensed
Product for the CTCL Indication in the United States, the objectives to be accomplished at, and the agenda for, and, if appropriate,
the script for, each such meeting, to the extent that an expedited review is necessary to enable Eisai to comply with Applicable Law
or requirements of the FDA (such matters Expedited Matters and such procedures, Expedited Procedures ).
The allocation of final-decision making authority between the Parties with respect to the Expedited Matters shall be the same as the
allocation set forth in Section 4.4.2(g) with respect to US CTCL Regulatory Matters. Each Party shall comply with the applicable Expedited
Procedures with respect to each Expedited Matter. 

28 

(e)
Licensee shall reimburse Eisai for its United States CTCL Regulatory Costs. Eisai shall report to Licensee, within [ ] ([ ]) days
after the end of each Calendar Quarter, the United States CTCL Regulatory Costs incurred by Eisai or any of its Affiliates during such
Calendar Quarter. Each such report shall (i) specify in reasonable detail all amounts included in such United States CTCL Regulatory
Costs during such Calendar Quarter (broken down by activity) and the corresponding budgeted expenses for such Calendar Quarter and (ii)
include an invoice for United States CTCL Regulatory Costs incurred by Eisai or any of its Affiliates during such Calendar Quarter and
copies of any invoices or other supporting documentation for any payments to a Third Party (including filings fees) that individually
exceed [ ] Dollars [ ]) (or such other amount approved by the JSC). Eisai agrees to provide upon request copies of invoices and
details to Licensee on any invoices not otherwise submitted to Licensee to enable Licensee to comply with its tax, auditing and other
obligations. The Parties shall seek to resolve any questions related to such reports within [ ] ([ ]) days following the Licensee s
receipt of Eisai s report hereunder. Within [ ] ([ ]) days after the later of (A) the receipt of any report and (B) the resolution
of any questions with respect to any report, Licensee shall reimburse Eisai for the United States CTCL Regulatory Costs set forth in
such report; it being understood and agreed that all undisputed amounts shall be payable within [ ] ([ ]) days after the receipt
of the applicable report referred to in clause (A) above. 

3.2.3.
Transfer of BLA and INDs . Promptly after the earlier of (a) Regulatory Approval of the Existing Licensed Product in the United States
for the CTCL Indication and (b) Eisai s receipt of a complete response letter from the FDA with respect to the BLA filed by Eisai
with the FDA for the Existing Licensed Product for the CTCL Indication, Eisai shall assign, and shall cause its Affiliates to assign,
to the Licensee all of Eisai s and its Affiliates right, title and interest in and to such BLA and any INDs with respect
to the Existing Licensed Product in the Licensee Territory and all related Regulatory Documentation with respect thereto; provided ,
that with respect to a complete response letter that only identifies minor deficiencies with respect to the BLA for the Existing Licensed
Product in the United States for the CTCL Indication, then, at the Licensee s option, Eisai shall either (x) assign, and shall
cause its Affiliates to assign, to the Licensee all of Eisai s and its Affiliates right, title and interest in and to such
BLA and any INDs with respect to the Existing Licensed Product in the Licensee Territory and all related Regulatory Documentation with
respect thereto or (y) retain such BLA and any INDs and use Commercially Reasonable Efforts to resubmit such BLA to correct such deficiency.
Where Licensee elects to have Eisai retain such BLA and INDs and use Commercially Reasonable Efforts to resubmit such BLA to correct
minor deficiencies, the first sentence of this Section 3.2.3 shall apply with respect to additional FDA action. During the [ ] ([ ])
months after any such assignment, at the Licensee s reasonable request, Eisai shall provide the Licensee reasonable knowledge transfer
and support as necessary for the Licensee to Develop Licensed Products in the Field in the Licensee Territory or prepare, obtain and
maintain any Regulatory Approvals for the Licensed Products in the Field in the Licensee Territory; provided , that in no event
shall Eisai be required to provide the Licensee more than [ ] ([ ]) hours of such knowledge transfer and support. For clarity, Eisai s
support obligations with respect to the transfer of the Manufacturing Process shall be as set forth in Section 3.5.2. The Licensee shall
reimburse Eisai for the FTE Costs incurred and the direct out-of-pocket costs recorded as an expense, in accordance with GAAP, by or
on behalf of Eisai or any of its Affiliates pursuant to this Section 3.2.3 within [ ] ([ ]) days after receipt of an invoice with
respect thereto. Save as otherwise agreed by the Parties, the JSC shall be responsible for discussing, planning and coordinating any
technical transfer services pursuant to this Section 3.2.3 and any responses to a complete response letter from the FDA with respect
to the BLA filed by Eisai. 

29 

3.2.4.
Access to Regulatory Documentation . Except to the extent prohibited by Applicable Law, and without limiting Section 3.1.10, each
Party shall, promptly following receipt of a request from the other Party, deliver to the other Party a copy of all Regulatory Documentation
Controlled by the first Party or any of its Affiliates which relates to the Licensed Compound or Licensed Products in the Field in the
other Party s Territory and which the requesting Party requires to, or which are necessary or reasonably useful for the requesting
Party to, exercise the rights granted to it under Section 2.1.1 or Section 2.2, as applicable. 

3.2.5.
 [ Intentionally left blank .] 

3.2.6.
Communications and Filings with Regulatory Authorities . The provisions of this Section 3.2.6 shall not apply with respect to Eisai s
activities under Section 3.2.2(a), which shall be governed by Section 3.2.2(b), Section 3.2.2(c) or Section 3.2.2(d), as applicable.
Each Party shall, subject to Applicable Law and except to the extent a need for exigent action prevents it from doing so, provide the
other Party with copies of each Drug Approval Application or other submission or communication to a Regulatory Authority relating to
the Licensed Compound or a Licensed Product in its own Territory a reasonable amount of time prior to the anticipated date for the submission
or communication to allow the other Party to review and comment on such Drug Approval Application, submission or communication, and the
first Party shall consider all reasonable comments and proposed revisions from the other Party in good faith in connection with effecting
such submission or communication. The first Party shall consult with the other Party regarding, and keep the other Party reasonably informed
of, the status of the preparation of all Drug Approval Applications it submits relating to a Licensed Product, Regulatory Authority review
of any such Drug Approval Application, and all approvals of Drug Approval Applications or other Regulatory Approvals and other submissions
(including INDs) that it obtains with respect to a Licensed Product in its Territory. Upon the other Party s reasonable request,
and subject to Applicable Law, the first Party shall provide to the other Party full, complete and correct copies of all final Drug Approval
Applications it submits in its Territory. The first Party shall consult with the other Party reasonably in advance of the date of any
anticipated meeting with a Regulatory Authority relating to the Licensed Compound or a Licensed Product and shall consider any timely
and reasonable recommendations made by the other Party in preparation for such meeting. Upon the other Party s reasonable request,
the first Party shall, to the extent permitted by the relevant Regulatory Authority, permit the other Party to attend particular meetings
between the first Party and any Regulatory Authority in the first Party s Territory relating to the Licensed Compound or a Licensed
Product if such meeting is anticipated to address a matter that does, or may be reasonably expected to, impact the Exploitation of the
Licensed Compound or a Licensed Product in the other Party s Territory and shall, where necessary, request that the applicable
Regulatory Authority allow at least one (1) representative of the other Party to attend, solely as an observer, such meetings; provided
that the foregoing shall not apply to informal meetings or unscheduled teleconferences or meetings or teleconferences otherwise intended
by the Regulatory Authority to be between it and the first Party s representatives only. The other Party shall strictly follow
the first Party s instructions with respect to any such meeting that it attends pursuant to this Section 3.2.6 and shall not discuss
the contents of any such meeting with any Regulatory Authority in the first Party s Territory except as required by Applicable
Law or authorized by the first Party in writing. 

30 

3.2.7.
Recalls, Suspensions or Withdrawals . Each Party shall notify the other Party promptly following its determination that any event,
incident or circumstance has occurred that may result in the need for a recall, market suspension, or market withdrawal of a Licensed
Product in the Field in the first Party s Territory and shall include in such notice the reasoning behind such determination and
any supporting facts. As between the Parties, the first Party shall have the right to make the final determination whether to voluntarily
implement any such recall, market suspension, or market withdrawal in the Field in its Territory; provided that prior to any implementation
of such a recall, market suspension, or market withdrawal, the first Party shall consult with the other Party and shall consider the
other Party s reasonable comments in good faith. If a recall, market suspension, or market withdrawal of a Licensed Product in
the Field in a Party s Territory is mandated by a Regulatory Authority in such Territory, then, as between the Parties, such Party
shall initiate such a recall, market suspension, or market withdrawal in compliance with Applicable Law. For all recalls, market suspensions,
or market withdrawals undertaken pursuant to this Section 3.2.7, each Party shall, as between the Parties, be solely responsible for
the execution and costs thereof in its own Territory. 

3.2.8.
Pharmacovigilance Agreement; Global Safety Database . No later than the earlier of (a) the date that is [ ] ([ ]) months before
the date Licensee files an IND for a clinical study with respect to any Licensed Product and (b) the date that Eisai files the BLA for
the Existing Licensed Product for the CTCL Indication in the United States, the Parties shall enter into a separate written pharmacovigilance
agreement providing details related to managing and reporting adverse events in respect of the Licensed Compound or any Licensed Product
that occur during clinical studies and other safety and reporting practices and procedures in compliance with all Applicable Laws. Each
Party shall, at its sole cost, establish, hold and maintain the safety database for Licensed Products in its respective Territory. Each
Party shall provide the other Party with information in the possession and Control of the first Party as necessary for the other Party
to comply with its pharmacovigilance responsibilities in respect of the Licensed Compound and the Licensed Products in its Territory,
including, as applicable, any adverse drug experiences (including those events or experiences that are required to be reported to the
FDA under 21 C.F.R. section 312.32 or 600.80 or to foreign Regulatory Authorities under corresponding Applicable Law outside the United
States) from pre-clinical or clinical laboratory, animal toxicology and pharmacology studies, clinical studies, and commercial experiences
with a Licensed Product, in each case, in the form reasonably requested by the other Party. 

3.3.
Commercialization . 

3.3.1.
Responsibility . The Licensee shall, as between the Parties, be solely responsible for the Commercialization of the Licensed Products
in the Field throughout the Licensee Territory at the Licensee s own cost and Eisai shall, as between the Parties, be solely responsible
for the Commercialization of the Licensed Products throughout the Eisai Territory at Eisai s own cost. The Licensee shall use Commercially
Reasonable Efforts to Commercialize a Licensed Product in the United States for the CTCL Indication. 

3.3.2.
Booking of Sales; Distribution . Each Party shall be responsible for invoicing and booking sales, establishing all terms of sale (including
pricing and discounts), and warehousing and distributing the Licensed Products (including Licensed Products that are used in concomitant
or sequential administration with a Licensee Proprietary Product or an Eisai Proprietary Product, as the case may be) in the Field in
its Territory and performing or causing to be performed all related services. Subject to Section 3.2.7, each Party shall handle all returns,
recalls or withdrawals, order processing, invoicing, collection, distribution, and inventory management with respect to the Licensed
Products in the Field in its Territory. 

31 

3.3.3.
Commercialization Plans . 

(a)
At least [ ] ([ ]) days prior to the anticipated first commercial sale of a Licensed Product in the Licensee Territory, the Licensee
shall provide the JCC with a copy of its plan for the Commercialization of the Licensed Products in the Licensee Territory (the Licensee
Territory Commercialization Plan ). At least once each Contract Year, the Licensee shall provide the JCC with an updated Licensee
Territory Commercialization Plan that reflects all amendments and updates to the previously provided Licensee Territory Commercialization
Plan. 

(b)
At least [ ] ([ ]) days prior to the anticipated first commercial sale of a Licensed Product in the Eisai Territory, Eisai shall
provide the JCC with a copy of its plan for the Commercialization of the Licensed Products in the Eisai Territory (the Eisai
Territory Commercialization Plan ). At least once each Contract Year, Eisai shall provide the JCC with an updated Eisai Territory
Commercialization Plan that reflects all amendments and updates to the previously provided Eisai Territory Commercialization Plan. 

3.3.4.
Commercialization Reports . Within [ ] ([ ]) days of the end of the first and third Calendar Quarter of each Contract Year during
which the Licensee is conducting Commercialization activities hereunder, the Licensee shall provide the JSC with reasonably detailed
written reports of the Commercialization activities it has performed, or caused to be performed, in respect of the Licensed Product since
the preceding report (or, with respect to the first such report, since the Original Effective Date), and the future Commercialization
activities it expects to initiate in respect of the Licensed Product during the following twelve (12)-month period. 

3.4.
Compliance with Applicable Law . Each Party shall, and shall cause its Affiliates to, comply with all Applicable Law with respect
to the Exploitation of Licensed Products. 

3.5.
Supply of Licensed Compound and Licensed Products . 

3.5.1.
In General . As between the Parties, each Party shall, at its own cost, be solely responsible for the Manufacture and supply of the
Licensed Compound and Licensed Products for all of its Development and Commercialization activities under this Agreement. Subject to
Section 3.5.3 and Section 3.5.4, neither Party shall have any obligation to supply the other Party with any quantities of Licensed Compound
or Licensed Product. Promptly after the Original Effective Date, the Parties shall discuss in good faith the Manufacture and supply plan
for the Licensed Compound and the Existing Licensed Product for Commercialization in the Licensee Territory, which shall take into account
the Manufacturing Process transfer as set forth in Section 3.5.2 and as well as timing of approval of additional permitted Manufacturing
sites that Licensee may designate. 

32 

3.5.2.
Manufacturing Process Transfer . Eisai shall, when and as reasonably requested by the Licensee in writing, transfer, at the Licensee s
sole expense, to the Licensee or its permitted designee (which designee may be an Affiliate, Sublicensee or a permitted Third Party manufacturer)
the Know-how related to the then-current process for the Manufacture of the Licensed Compound and the Existing Licensed Product (the
 Manufacturing Process and, subject to Section 3.1.8, Regulatory Documentation. In addition, Eisai shall, as reasonably
requested by the Licensee and subject to this Section 3.5.2, provide such support, at the Licensee s sole expense, as may be necessary
or reasonably useful to the Licensee or its designee to use and practice the Manufacturing Process (the Manufacturing Transfer
Services ). The Licensee shall reimburse Eisai for the FTE Costs incurred and the direct out-of-pocket costs recorded as an
expense, in accordance with GAAP, by or on behalf of Eisai or any of its Affiliates related to the transfer of the Manufacturing Process
or provision of Manufacturing Transfer Services within [ ] ([ ]) days after receipt of an invoice with respect thereto. Save as otherwise
agreed by the Parties, the JMC shall be responsible for discussing, planning and coordinating any technical transfer services pursuant
to this Section 3.5.2. 

3.5.3.
Clinical Supply Agreement . Eisai shall have the right at any time upon written notice to the Licensee to elect to have the Licensee
supply Eisai with some or all of its requirements of Licensed Products for its Development activities under this Agreement. If Eisai
provides such notice to the Licensee, then the Parties shall, through the JMC, use diligent efforts to negotiate and execute a manufacturing
and supply agreement pursuant to which the Licensee, or its designated subcontractor, Sublicensee or Affiliate, would supply Licensed
Products to Eisai for its Development activities under this Agreement (the Clinical Supply Agreement ), and a related
quality agreement (the Clinical Quality Agreement within [ ] ([ ]) days after Eisai provides such notice. The
Clinical Supply Agreement and Clinical Quality Agreement shall contain terms and conditions that are usual and customary for a clinical
supply agreement or related quality agreement, as applicable, between companies in the pharmaceutical/biological industry of comparable
size and expertise to the respective Parties; provided , that purchase price payable by Eisai to the Licensee for Licensed Products
under the Clinical Supply Agreement shall be equal to the Licensee s Cost of Goods for such Licensed Products. 

3.5.4.
Eisai Territory Commercial Supply Agreement . Eisai shall have the right at any time upon written notice to the Licensee to elect
to have the Licensee supply Eisai with some or all of its requirements of Licensed Compound or Licensed Products for Commercialization
in the Eisai Territory. If Eisai provides such notice to the Licensee, then the Parties shall, through the JMC, use diligent efforts
to negotiate and execute a manufacturing and supply agreement pursuant to which the Licensee, or its designated subcontractor, Sublicensee
or Affiliate, would supply Licensed Compound or Licensed Products to Eisai for Commercialization in the Eisai Territory (the Eisai
Territory Commercial Supply Agreement ), and a related quality agreement (the Eisai Territory Commercial Quality
Agreement within [ ] ([ ]) days after Eisai provides such notice. The Eisai Territory Commercial Supply Agreement and
Eisai Territory Commercial Quality Agreement shall contain terms and conditions that are usual and customary for a commercial supply
agreement or related quality agreement, as applicable, between companies in the pharmaceutical/biological industry of comparable size
as expertise to the respective Parties. 

33 

3.5.5.
Failure to Agree on Supply Agreement or Quality Agreement . If a Supply Agreement (or related Quality Agreement) has not been agreed
and executed within the applicable period set forth in Section 3.5.3 or Section 3.5.4, as applicable, then the determination of the final
terms and conditions of such Supply Agreement (or related Quality Agreement) shall be subject to the applicable dispute resolution procedures
in Section 4.4.2(g). 

3.6.
Subcontracting . Eisai may subcontract with a Third Party to perform any or all of its rights or obligations hereunder. The Licensee
may subcontract with a Third Party to perform any or all of its rights or obligations hereunder (including by appointing one (1) or more
distributors); provided that any subcontracting by the Licensee that would involve the disclosure of any Eisai Trade Secret shall
be subject to the prior written consent of Eisai, which may be withheld, conditioned or delayed in its sole discretion. 

3.7.
Assumption of Activities upon a Change of Control of Eisai. If Eisai undergoes a Change of Control prior to the completion of the
 302 Development Activities or the CMC Development Activities or the assignment of the BLA and INDs to the Licensee pursuant to
Section 3.2.3, then not later than [ ] ([ ]) Business Days following the public announcement of such Change of Control of Eisai,
Eisai shall provide written notice to the Licensee of such transaction. In the event of any such Change of Control, the Licensee shall
have the right, in its sole discretion, to (a) assume control of (i) the 302 Development Activities and the CMC Development Activities
and (ii) obtaining Regulatory Approval of the Existing Licensed Products in the United States for the CTCL Indication and (b) have the
BLA and INDs assigned to the Licensee, by notifying Eisai of such election within [ ] ([ ]) days after receipt of such notice. If
the Licensee makes such election, then: 

(a)
Eisai shall use Commercially Reasonable Efforts to effect a smooth and orderly transition of the 302 Development Activities and
the CMC Development Activities to the Licensee and the Licensee shall thereafter use Commercially Reasonable Efforts to perform such
activities; 

(b)
the Licensee shall use Commercially Reasonable Efforts to obtain Regulatory Approval of the Existing Licensed Product in the United States
for the CTCL Indication, and the provision of Section 3.2.2 shall apply mutatis mutandis ; 

(c)
the Parties shall enter into good faith negotiations with regard to compensating the Licensee for any expenses the Licensee may incur
due to the Licensee s assumption of the control of the 302 Development Activities or the CMC Development Activities; 

(d)
Eisai shall no longer have any obligations under Section 3.1.2, Section 3.1.3 or Section 3.2.2; 

34 

(e)
Eisai shall assign the BLA (or any in-process draft BLA, if applicable) and INDs to the Licensee pursuant to Section 3.2.3; 

(f)
 notwithstanding Section 4.4.2(a), the Licensee shall have the right to make the final decision with respect to the Development
Plans, unless such amendment would decrease the scope of the activities to be performed under the Development Plans, in which case the
proposed amendment shall be deemed rejected; and 

(g)
notwithstanding Section 4.4.2(g), the Licensee shall have the right to make the final decision on any US CTCL Regulatory Matter. 

ARTICLE
4 
GOVERNANCE 

4.1.
Joint Steering Committee . Within [ ] ([ ]) days after the Original Effective Date, the Parties shall establish a joint committee
(the Joint Steering Committee or JSC ), which shall consist of at least two (2) executive-level
representatives from each of the Parties, each with the requisite experience and seniority to enable such person to make decisions on
behalf of the Party it represents with respect to the issues falling within the jurisdiction of the JSC; provided , that no Senior
Officer may be a representative to the JSC. Simultaneously with establishing the JSC, the Parties shall identify their initial representatives.
From time to time, each Party may substitute one (1) or more of its representatives to the JSC with a suitably qualified substitute on
written notice to the other Party. The JSC shall have the responsibilities and authority allocated to it in this Section 4.1 and shall
operate by the procedures set forth in Section 4.3. Neither the JSC nor any Joint Subcommittee shall have any decision-making authority
other than as explicitly set forth in this Section 4.1 or Section 4.2, as applicable, and all such decision-making authority shall be
subject to the dispute resolution procedures in Section 4.4. The JSC shall: 

4.1.1.
 review and approve any and all amendments to the 302 Development Plan or the CMC Development Plan(for the avoidance of doubt,
the JSC will not be responsible for managing or controlling 302 Development Activities or CMC Development Activities); 

4.1.2.
 review and approve the regulatory strategy for Licensed Products in the Licensee Territory; 

4.1.3.
 review and approve the initial Licensee Territory Development Plan, the initial Eisai Territory Development Plan and any and all
updates or amendments to either of the foregoing; 

4.1.4.
 discuss whether any proposed Development activities under the Licensee Territory Development Plan or the Eisai Territory Development
Plan should be jointly funded by the Parties; 

4.1.5.
 review and approve the regulatory strategy for Licensed Products in the Eisai Territory; 

35 

4.1.6.
 review and discuss the proposed labeling of each Licensed Product in each country in either Territory; 

4.1.7.
 monitor the performance of the Development of the Licensed Compound and Licensed Products in the Field in the Licensee Territory
and Eisai Territory, including by reviewing the conduct of the Development activities and reviewing Development reports as provided in
Section 3.1.10; 

4.1.8.
 monitor the performance of the Commercialization of Licensed Products in the Field in the Licensee Territory and Eisai Territory,
including by reviewing the conduct of the Commercialization activities and reviewing Commercialization reports as provided in Section
3.3.3; 

4.1.9.
 serve as a forum for discussing matters, and attempting to resolve disputes, disagreements or other issues arising under this Agreement
and referred by the Parties that the Joint Subcommittees or Alliance Managers are unable to resolve; 

4.1.10.
 coordinate the Parties activities under this Agreement; 

4.1.11.
 discuss, plan and coordinate any technical transfer services pursuant to Section 3.2.3 or Section 3.5.2 not otherwise planned or
coordinated by the JDC or JMC; 

4.1.12.
 if Licensee elects the India Option pursuant to Section 2.7, discuss feasibility of Eisai or its Affiliates co-promoting or co-marketing
the Licensed Products in India; 

4.1.13.
 resolving Final 302 Development Report Disputes and Final CMC Development Report Disputes; and 

4.1.14.
 perform such other functions as are set forth herein or as the Parties may mutually agree in writing, except where in conflict with
any provision of this Agreement. 

4.2.
Joint Subcommittees . Within fifteen (15) days after the Original Effective Date, the Parties shall establish (a) a joint development
committee Joint Development Committee or JDC ), (b) a joint manufacturing committee Joint
Manufacturing Committee or JMC ), and (c) a joint intellectual property committee Joint IP
Committee or JIPC ). The JSC may, at its option establish a joint commercialization committee Joint
Commercialization Committee or JCC , and together with the JDC, JMC and JIPC, the Joint Subcommittees ).
Each Joint Subcommittee shall consist of (i) with respect to the JDC and JMC, at least two (2) representatives from each of the Parties,
and (ii) with respect to the JIPC and JCC, at least one (1) representative from each of the Parties, in each case ((i) and (ii)), each
with the requisite experience to enable such person to make decisions on behalf of the Parties with respect to the issues falling within
the jurisdiction of the relevant Joint Subcommittee; provided , that no Senior Officer may be a representative to a Joint Subcommittee.
Simultaneously with establishing each such Joint Subcommittee, the Parties shall identify their initial representatives to such Joint
Subcommittee. Each Subcommittee shall have the responsibilities and authority allocated to it in this Section 4.2 and shall operate by
the procedures set forth in Section 4.3. If any Joint Subcommittee is not established, then the JSC shall have the responsibilities allocated
to such Joint Subcommittee and any reference to such Joint Subcommittee in this Agreement shall be deemed to be a reference to the JSC.
No Joint Subcommittee shall have authority that exceeds the authority granted to the JSC. 

36 

4.2.1.
Joint Development Committee . The JDC shall have the following responsibilities: 

(a)
develop the overall strategic objectives and plans, including objectives and plans with respect to Regulatory Approval(s), for the Development
of the Licensed Products in the Field in the Licensee Territory and Eisai Territory and submit the same to the JSC for review and approval,
if applicable; 

(b)
except with respect to Expedited Matters, which shall be reviewed and approved in accordance with the applicable Expedited Procedures,
review and approve (i) the BLA for, and any other material or substantive submissions or communications to the FDA relating to the Existing
Licensed Product for the CTCL Indication in the United States and (ii) with respect to any meeting with the FDA relating to, the Existing
Licensed Product for the CTCL Indication in the United States, the objectives to be accomplished at, the agenda for, and, if appropriate,
the script for, each such meeting (such review and approval responsibilities, US CTCL Regulatory Matters ); 

(c)
oversee and coordinate the transfer of Know-how, Regulatory Documentation and other documents pursuant to Section 2.9 that are not related
to the Manufacturing Process; 

(d)
review and approve clinical protocols for any clinical trial to be conducted by or on behalf of either Party under this Agreement; 

(e)
review Eisai Territory Development Plan with respect to activities that may impact the Licensee Territory; 

(f)
 review Licensee Territory Development Plan with respect to activities that may impact the Eisai Territory; and 

(g)
after the execution of the pharmacovigilance agreement pursuant to Section 3.2.8, oversee global safety data exchange and pharmacovigilance-related
matters for the Licensed Products in accordance with such agreement. 

4.2.2.
Joint Manufacturing Committee . The JMC shall have the following responsibilities (for the avoidance of doubt, the JMC will not be
responsible for managing or controlling CMC Development Activities): 

(a)
oversee any manufacturing technical transfer services pursuant to Section 3.5.2; 

37 

(b)
oversee and coordinate the transfer of Know-how, Regulatory Documentation and other documents pursuant to Section 2.9 that are related
to the Manufacturing Process; 

(c)
manage the supply chain for the Licensed Compound and Licensed Products; 

(d)
negotiate and determine the final terms and conditions of any Supply Agreement (or related Quality Agreement) elected by Eisai in accordance
with Section 3.5.3 or Section 3.5.4, as applicable; and 

(e)
serve as a forum for discussing any quality-related issues with respect to the Licensed Compound or Licensed Products. 

4.2.3.
Joint Commercialization Committee . The JCC shall have the following responsibilities: 

(a)
discuss and review the Licensee Territory Commercialization Plan and the Eisai Territory Commercialization Plan; 

(b)
discuss any new Trademark (other than an Eisai Trademark or any Corporate Name) that the Licensee wishes to use on or in connection with
the Exploitation of any Licensed Product in the Licensee Territory; and 

(c)
discuss any new Trademark (other than a Licensee Trademark, Eisai Trademark or any Corporate Name) that Eisai wishes to use on or in
connection with the Exploitation of any Licensed Product anywhere in the world. 

4.2.4.
Joint Intellectual Property Committee . The JIPC shall have the following responsibilities: 

(a)
determine the worldwide strategy for the prosecution and maintenance of the Eisai Patents and the Licensee Patents to maximize the commercial
potential of the Licensed Products (the IP Strategy ); and 

(b)
discuss and agree with respect to ownership of any inventions that are conceived, discovered, developed or otherwise made jointly by
or on behalf of Eisai or its Affiliates or its or their (sub)licensees, as applicable, on the one hand, and Licensee, or its Affiliates
or its or their (sub)licensees, as applicable, in each case, under or in connection with this Agreement and the responsibility for the
prosecution, maintenance, enforcement and defense of any Patents with respect thereto. 

38 

4.3.
General Provisions Applicable to Committees . 

4.3.1.
Meetings and Minutes . The JSC and any Joint Subcommittee (each, a Committee shall meet (a) with respect to
the JSC, not less than once every [ ] ([ ]) months and (b) with respect to any Joint Subcommittee, at least once each Calendar Quarter,
in each case of ((a) and (b)), unless otherwise agreed by the Parties. The location of such meetings shall alternate between locations
designated by the Licensee and locations designated by Eisai. The chairman of the JSC for the Contract Year of the Original Effective
Date and the chairman of each Joint Subcommittee for the Contract Year in which such Joint Subcommittee was created shall be appointed
by Eisai, and thereafter the power to appoint the chairman shall alternate each Contract Year between the Licensee and Eisai. The chairperson
of each Committee shall be responsible for calling meetings on no less than [ ] ([ ]) Business Days notice unless exigent
circumstances require shorter notice. The chairman of a Committee shall call a meeting of such Committee promptly upon the reasonable
request of the other Party. Each Party shall make all proposals for agenda items at least [ ] ([ ]) Business Days in advance of the
applicable meeting and shall provide all appropriate information with respect to such proposed items at least [ ] ([ ]) Business
Days in advance of the applicable meeting; provided that under exigent circumstances requiring input by a Committee a Party may
provide its agenda items to the other Party within a shorter period of time in advance of the meeting (or at the meeting) or may propose
that there not be a specific agenda for a particular meeting, so long as the other Party consents to such later addition of such agenda
items or the absence of a specific agenda for such meeting (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed).
The chairperson of each Committee shall arrange for the preparation and circulation for review and approval of the Parties minutes of
each meeting within [ ] ([ ]) days of the meeting. The Parties shall agree on the minutes of each meeting promptly, but in any event
prior to the next meeting of such Committee. 

4.3.2.
Procedural Rules . Each Committee shall have the right to adopt such standing rules as shall be necessary for its work, to the extent
that such rules are not inconsistent with this Agreement. A quorum of a Committee shall exist whenever there is present at a meeting
at least one (1) representative appointed by each Party. Representatives of the Parties on each Committee may attend a meeting either
in person or by telephone, video conference or similar means in which each participant can hear what is said by, and be heard by, the
other participants. Representation by proxy shall be allowed. Subject to Section 4.4.3 and, with respect to the JSC, Section 4.4.1, each
Committee shall take action by unanimous consensus of the representatives present at a meeting at which a quorum exists. Alliance Managers
or other employees or consultants of a Party who are not representatives of the Parties on a Committee may attend meetings of such Committee,
as applicable; provided, however , that such attendees: (a) shall not vote or otherwise participate in the decision-making process
of such Committee; and (b) are bound by obligations of confidentiality and non-disclosure at least as protective of the other Party as
those set forth in Article 7. 

4.4.
JSC and Joint Subcommittee Dispute Resolution . 

4.4.1.
Unresolved Joint Subcommittee Matters . If any Joint Subcommittee is unable to reach a consensus with respect to any matter under
the jurisdiction of such Joint Subcommittee within [ ] ([ ]) Business Days of initially considering such matter (each an Unresolved
Joint Subcommittee Matter ), then the Unresolved Joint Subcommittee Matter shall be referred to the JSC. 

4.4.2.
Unresolved JSC Matters . Except as provided otherwise in Section 3.5.5, if the JSC is unable to reach a consensus with respect to
any matter under the jurisdiction of the JSC within [ ] ([ ]) Business Days of initially considering such matter (each an Unresolved
JSC Matter ), then 

39 

(a)
subject to Section 3.7(e), if the Unresolved JSC Matter relates to the approval of any amendment to the Development Plans, or the approval
of any clinical protocol for any clinical trial set forth therein, such Unresolved JSC Matter shall be referred to the Senior Officers
for attempted resolution by good faith negotiations during a period of [ ] ([ ]) Business Days from the date of such referral, or
such longer period as the Senior Officers may agree in writing. Any final decision mutually agreed to in writing by the Senior Officers
shall be conclusive and binding on the Parties. If such Senior Officers are unable to reach a decision regarding such Unresolved JSC
Matter within such [ ] ([ ])-Business Day period (or such longer period as the Senior Officers may agree in writing), then the Licensee
shall have the right to make the final decision on such Unresolved JSC Matter unless: (i) such amendment would decrease the scope of
the activities to be performed under the Development Plans, or (ii) with respect to any amendment that is not required by the FDA in
order to obtain or maintain an approved BLA for the Existing Licensed Product for the CTCL Indication in the United States, (A) Eisai
would need to hire additional personnel to implement such amendment without impacting any other programs of Eisai or any of its Affiliates,
(B) such amendment would require that Eisai or any of its Affiliates purchase or acquire access to any additional equipment or Intellectual
Property Rights, or (C) such amendment would reasonably be expected to adversely impact patient safety as demonstrated by written scientific
evidence, in which case ((i) or (ii)), the proposed amendment shall be deemed rejected; 

(b)
subject to Section 4.4.2(d) and Section 4.4.2(g), if the Unresolved JSC Matter relates to (i) the regulatory strategy for the Licensee
Territory or (ii) the approval of the initial Licensee Territory Development Plan or any amendment thereto, or the approval of any clinical
protocol for any clinical trial set forth therein, in either case ((i) or (ii)),the Licensee shall have the right to make the final decision
on such Unresolved JSC Matter; 

(c)
subject to Section 4.4.2(e), if the Unresolved JSC Matter relates to (i) the regulatory strategy for the Eisai Territory or (ii) the
approval of the initial Eisai Territory Development Plan or any amendment thereto, or the approval of any clinical protocol for any clinical
trial set forth therein, in either case ((i) or (ii)), Eisai shall have the right to make the final decision on such Unresolved JSC Matter; 

(d)
if the Unresolved JSC Matter relates to the initiation or continuation of any Development activities under the Licensee Territory Development
Plan that Eisai reasonably believes may result in unreasonable safety risks for patients or subjects, then such activity shall, as applicable,
either not be initiated by or on behalf of the Licensee or shall be terminated by the Licensee as promptly as possible in accordance
with Applicable Law and with due regard to patient safety; 

(e)
if the Unresolved JSC Matter relates to the initiation or continuation of any Development activities under the Eisai Territory Development
Plan that Licensee reasonably believes may result in unreasonable safety risks for patients or subjects, then such activity shall, as
applicable, either not be initiated by or on behalf of the Eisai or shall be terminated by the Eisai as promptly as possible in accordance
with Applicable Law and with due regard to patient safety; 

40 

(f) 
if the Unresolved JSC Matter relates to the IP Strategy for a Patent, then the Prosecuting Party with respect to such Patent shall have
the right to make a final decision regarding the strategy for the prosecution and maintenance of such Patent; 

(g)
subject to Section 3.7(f), if the Unresolved JSC Matter relates to any US CTCL Regulatory Matter, any Final 302 Development Report
Dispute or any Final CMC Development Report Dispute, such Unresolved JSC Matter shall be referred to the Senior Officers for attempted
resolution by good faith negotiations during a period of [ ] ([ ]) Business Days from the date of such referral, or such longer period
as the Senior Officers may agree in writing. Any final decision mutually agreed to in writing by the Senior Officers shall be conclusive
and binding on the Parties. If such Senior Officers are unable to reach a decision regarding such Unresolved JSC Matter within such [ ]
([ ])-Business Day period (or such longer period as the Senior Officers may agree in writing), then the Licensee shall have the right
to make the final decision on such Unresolved JSC Matter unless Eisai provides written, quantitative evidence that the Licensee s
approach would reasonably be expected to (i) adversely impact patient safety as demonstrated by written scientific evidence; provided ,
that this clause (i) shall not apply with respect to disputes regarding the proposed labeling for the Existing Licensed Product for the
CTCL Indication in the United States, (ii) result in the FDA not approving the BLA for the Existing Licensed Product for the CTCL Indication
in the United States or a substantial delay in such approval or (iii) materially adversely impact the reputation of Eisai or any of its
Affiliates, in which case ((i), (ii) or (iii)), Eisai shall have the right to make the final decision on such Unresolved JSC Matter;
provided that if Eisai undergoes a Change of Control, the exception to the Licensee s final decision-making authority set forth
in the foregoing clause (ii) shall no longer apply; 

(h)
if the Unresolved JSC Matter relates to a Supply Agreement or Quality Agreement, such Unresolved JSC Matter shall be referred to the
Senior Officers for attempted resolution by good faith negotiations during a period of [ ] ([ ]) Business Days from the date of such
referral, or such longer period as the Senior Officers may agree in writing. Any final decision mutually agreed to in writing by the
Senior Officers shall be conclusive and binding on the Parties. If such Senior Officers are unable to reach a decision regarding such
Unresolved JSC Matter within such [ ] ([ ])-Business Day period (or such longer period as the Senior Officers may agree in writing),
then no action shall be taken on such Unresolved JSC Matter; and 

(i)
if the Unresolved JSC Matter involves any other matter, such Unresolved JSC Matter shall be referred to the Senior Officers for attempted
resolution by good faith negotiations during a period of [ ] ([ ]) Business Days from the date of such referral, or such longer period
as the Senior Officers may agree in writing. Any final decision mutually agreed to in writing by the Senior Officers shall be conclusive
and binding on the Parties. If such Senior Officers are unable to reach a decision regarding an Unresolved JSC Matter within such [ ]
([ ])-Business Day period (or such longer period as the Senior Officers may agree in writing), then the Unresolved JSC Matter shall
be resolved through binding arbitration in accordance with Section 11.5.2. 

41 

4.4.3.
Limitations on Authority . Without limitation to the foregoing, the Parties hereby agree that matters explicitly reserved to the consent,
approval or other decision-making authority of one (1) or both Parties, as expressly provided in this Agreement, are outside the jurisdiction
and authority of each Committee, including: (a) amendment, modification or waiver of compliance with this Agreement (which may only be
amended or modified as provided in Section 11.8 or compliance with which may only be waived as provided in Section 11.12 ); and (b) such
other matters as are reserved to the consent, approval, agreement or other decision-making authority of either or both Parties in this
Agreement that are not required by this Agreement to be considered by a Committee prior to the exercise of such consent, approval or
other decision-making authority. The JSC s and each Joint Subcommittee s role as a forum for reviewing, monitoring or discussing
items set out in Section 4.1 or Section 4.2, as applicable, shall not include any authority to make binding decisions regarding such
items. 

4.5.
Discontinuation; Disbandment; Annual Reports . Each Committee shall continue to exist until the Parties mutually agree to disband
such Committee. Upon the occurrence of the foregoing: (a) such Committee shall disband, have no further responsibilities or authority
under this Agreement and will be considered dissolved by the Parties; and (b) any requirement of a Party to provide Know-how or other
materials to such Committee shall be deemed a requirement to provide such Know-how or other materials to the other Party and the Party
with final decision-making authority pursuant to Section 4.4.2 shall, after consultation with the other Party and taking the other Party s
comments, if any, into consideration in good faith, have the right to decide all matters that were subject to the review or approval
by such Committee. 

4.6.
Working Teams . From time to time, each Committee may establish and delegate duties to other subcommittees or working teams (each,
a Working Team as it deems necessary to achieve the objectives of this Agreement; provided that: (a) each
such Working Team shall have equal representation from each Party; (b) the activities of such Working Team shall be subject to the oversight,
review and approval of, and shall report to, the Committee that established such Working Team; and (c) in no event shall the authority
of any such Working Team exceed that specified for the Committee that established such Working Team under this Agreement. 

4.7.
Alliance Managers . Each Party shall appoint an individual (each an Alliance Manager who shall oversee contact
between the Parties for all matters between meetings of the JSC and shall have such other responsibilities as the Parties may agree in
writing after the Original Effective Date. A Party may replace the individual serving as its Alliance Manager at any time by notice in
writing to the other Party. The Alliance Managers shall work together to manage and facilitate communication between the Parties under
this Agreement, including the resolution (in accordance with the terms of this Agreement) of issues between the Parties that arise in
connection with this Agreement. The Alliance Managers shall not have final decision-making authority with respect to any matter under
this Agreement. 

42 

ARTICLE
5 

PAYMENTS
AND RECORDS 

5.1.
Upfront Payment. Licensee shall pay to Eisai the following consideration as an upfront payment, which shall be nonrefundable: 

5.1.1.
 US [ ] million shall be due and payable within [ ] ([ ]) days after September 29, 2017; and 

5.1.2.
 US [ ] million shall be due and payable within [ ] ([ ]) days after Eisai s written notice to Licensee of Eisai s
submission of the application for the Type C meeting with FDA related to CMC. 

5.2.
Milestones . 

5.2.1.
Development and Regulatory Milestones . In consideration of the rights granted by Eisai to the Licensee hereunder, the Licensee shall
pay to Eisai the following payments within [ ] ([ ]) days after the achievement of each of the following milestone events, which
shall be non-refundable, non-creditable and fully earned upon the achievement of the applicable milestone event: 

Milestone
 Event 
 Milestone
 Payment 
 
 First
 approval by the FDA of a Biologics License Application (submitted under subsection (a) of Section 351 of the PHSA) for a Licensed
 Product for the CTCL Indication. 
 US 6
 million, save that the payment shall be increased by US 1 million (to US 7 million in total) if, prior to approval by the FDA of
 the BLA for a Licensed Product, the Licensee exercises the India Option pursuant to Section 2.7. 
 
 Achieving
 US [ ] in cumulative Net Sales of Licensed Products in the Licensee Territory. 
 US [ ]
 million. 
 
 Achieving
 US [ ] in cumulative Net Sales of Licensed Products in the Licensee Territory. 
 US [ ]
 million. 
 
 Achieving
 US [ ] in cumulative Net Sales of Licensed Products in the Licensee Territory. 
 US [ ]
 million. 
 
 Achieving
 US [ ] in cumulative Net Sales of Licensed Products in the Licensee Territory; provided , that such milestone shall only
 be due and payable if occurring during the Extension Term. 
 US [ ]
 million. 

The
milestone payments set out above shall each be payable only once in total, irrespective of the number of Licensed Products which are
the subject of a BLA (and the number of Indications for any single Licensed Product). The Parties acknowledge and agree that the [ ]
dollar [ ]) exclusivity fee paid to Eisai by the Licensee pursuant to that certain letter agreement between the Parties dated November
20, 2015, as amended and extended, shall be set-off against the first milestone payment made hereunder. 

43 

5.2.2.
Determination That Milestones Have Occurred . The Licensee shall notify Eisai promptly of the achievement of each of the events identified
as a milestone event in Section 5.2.1 and Eisai shall invoice the Licensee for the corresponding milestone payment within [ ] ([ ])
days after receipt of such notice. In the event that, notwithstanding the fact that the Licensee has not provided Eisai such a notice,
Eisai believes that any such milestone has been achieved, it shall so notify the Licensee in writing and the Parties shall promptly meet
and discuss in good faith whether such milestone has been achieved. Any dispute under this Section 5.2.2 regarding whether or not such
a milestone has been achieved shall be subject to resolution in accordance with Section 11.5. 

5.3.
Reports and Reconciliation . Following the first commercial sale of a Licensed Product in the Licensee Territory pursuant to this
Agreement until the payment of all milestone payments pursuant to Section 5.2.1, the Licensee shall, within [ ] ([ ]) days of the
end of each Contract Year, report to Eisai the Net Sales with respect to all Licensed Products in the Licensee Territory during such
Contract Year. Such report shall specify in reasonable detail all deductions in the calculation of Net Sales. 

5.4.
Mode of Payment; Offsets . All payments to Eisai under this Agreement shall be made by deposit of Dollars in the requisite amount
to such bank account as Eisai may from time to time designate by notice to the Licensee. For the purpose of calculating any sums due
under, or otherwise reimbursable pursuant to, this Agreement (including the calculation of Net Sales), the Licensee shall convert any
amount expressed in a foreign currency into Dollar equivalents using its or its Affiliate s, as applicable, standard conversion
methodology consistent with GAAP. The Licensee shall have no right to offset, set off or deduct any amounts from or against the amounts
due to Eisai hereunder. 

5.5.
Taxes . 

5.5.1.
General . The milestone payments and other amounts payable by the Licensee to Eisai pursuant to this Agreement (each a Payment shall be paid free and clear of any and all taxes (which, for clarity, shall be the responsibility of the Licensee), except for any withholding
taxes required by Applicable Law. Except as provided in this Section 5.4, Eisai shall be solely responsible for paying any and all taxes
(other than withholding taxes required by Applicable Law to be deducted from the Payments and remitted by the Licensee) levied on account
of, or measured in whole or in part by reference to, any Payments it receives. The Licensee shall deduct or withhold from the Payments
any taxes that it is required by Applicable Law to deduct or withhold. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if Eisai is entitled under any
applicable tax treaty to a reimbursement of, reduction of rate of, or the elimination of, applicable withholding tax, it may deliver
to the Licensee or the appropriate Governmental Authority (with the assistance of the Licensee to the extent that this is reasonably
required and is requested in writing) the prescribed forms necessary to reimburse the withholding, reduce the applicable rate of withholding
or relieve the Licensee of its obligation to withhold such tax and the Licensee shall seek or issue such reimbursement, as applicable,
apply the reduced rate of withholding or dispense with withholding, as the case may be; provided that, in the case of any reduction
of rate of, or elimination of, applicable withholding tax, the Licensee has received evidence of Eisai s delivery of all applicable
forms (and, if necessary, its receipt of appropriate governmental authorization) at least [ ] ([ ]) days prior to the time that the
applicable Payment is due. If, in accordance with the foregoing, the Licensee withholds any amount, it shall pay to Eisai the balance
when due, make timely payment to the proper taxing authority of the withheld amount and send to Eisai proof of such payment within [ ]
([ ]) days of such payment. 

44 

5.5.2.
Value Added Tax . Notwithstanding anything contained in Section 5.5.1, this Section 5.5.2 shall apply with respect to value added
tax VAT ). All Payments are exclusive of VAT. If any VAT is chargeable in respect of any Payments, the Licensee
shall pay VAT at the applicable rate in respect of any such Payments following the receipt of a VAT invoice in the appropriate form issued
by Eisai in respect of those Payments, such VAT to be payable on the later of the due date of the payment of the Payments to which such
VAT relates and [ ] ([ ]) days after the receipt by the Licensee of the applicable invoice relating to that VAT payment. 

5.6.
Interest on Late Payments . If any payment due under this Agreement is not paid when due, then the Licensee shall pay interest thereon
(before and after any judgment) at a rate (but with interest accruing on a daily basis) of [ ] percent ([ ] per annum or the maximum
rate allowable by Applicable Law, whichever is lower, such interest to run from the date on which payment of such sum became due until
payment thereof in full together with such interest. 

5.7.
Financial Records . The Licensee shall, and shall cause its Affiliates and its and their Sublicensees to, keep complete and accurate
financial books and records pertaining to the Commercialization of Licensed Products hereunder, including books and records of Net Sales,
in sufficient detail to calculate and verify all amounts payable hereunder. The Licensee shall, and shall cause its Affiliates and its
and their Sublicensees to, retain such books and records of Net Sales until the latest of: (a) the end of the Term; (b) [ ] ([ ])
years after the end of the period to which such books and records pertain; (c) the expiration of the applicable tax statute of limitations
(or any extensions thereof); and (d) such longer period as may be required by Applicable Law. The Licensee shall, and shall cause its
Affiliates and its and their Sublicensees to, retain such books and records (except books and records of Net Sales) until the latest
of: (x) [ ] ([ ]) years after the end of the period to which such books and records pertain; (y) the expiration of the applicable
tax statute of limitations (or any extensions thereof); and (z) such longer period as may be required by Applicable Law. 

5.8.
Audit . At the request of Eisai, the Licensee shall, and shall cause its Affiliates and its and their Sublicensees to, permit Eisai
or an independent auditor designated by Eisai and reasonably acceptable to the Licensee, at reasonable times and upon reasonable notice,
to audit the books and records maintained pursuant to Section 5.6 to ensure the accuracy of all reports and payments made hereunder,
 provided that this may occur no more than one (1) time per Contract Year unless an audit reveals, with respect to a period, a
variance of more than [ ] percent ([ ] from the reported amounts for such period,
in which case Eisai or an independent auditor designated by Eisai may conduct an additional audit during such Contract Year. Upon its
completion, Eisai shall provide a copy of the final audit report to the Licensee. Except as provided below, the cost of the audit shall
be borne by Eisai, unless the audit reveals, with respect to a period, a variance of more than [ ] percent ([ ] from the reported
amounts for such period, in which case the Licensee shall bear the cost of the audit. For clarity, any second audit during a Contract
Year shall be at Eisai s expense unless such audit reveals a variance of more than [ ] percent ([ ] from the reported amounts
for such period, in which case the Licensee shall bear the cost of the audit. Unless disputed pursuant to Section 5.9, if such audit
concludes that: (a) additional amounts were owed by the Licensee, the Licensee shall pay the additional amounts, with interest from the
date originally due as provided in Section 5.6; or (b) excess payments were made by the Licensee, Eisai shall reimburse such excess payments,
in either case ((a) or (b)), within [ ] ([ ]) days of the date on which such audit is completed by Eisai. 

45 

5.9.
Audit Dispute . In the event of a dispute with respect to any audit under Section 5.8, Eisai and the Licensee shall work in good faith
to resolve the disagreement. If the Parties are unable to reach a mutually acceptable resolution of any such dispute within [ ] ([ ])
days, the dispute shall be submitted for resolution to a certified public accounting firm jointly selected by each Party s certified
public accountants or to such other Person as the Parties shall mutually agree (the Auditor ). The decision of the
Auditor shall be final and the costs of such proceeding as well as the initial audit shall be borne between the Parties in such manner
as the Auditor shall determine. Not later than [ ] ([ ]) days after such decision and in accordance with such decision, the Licensee
shall pay the additional amounts, with interest from the date originally due as provided in Section 5.6 or Eisai shall reimburse the
excess payments, as applicable. 

ARTICLE
6 
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY 

6.1.
Ownership of Intellectual Property . 

6.1.1.
Ownership of Background Technology . Save as otherwise expressly set out in this Agreement, the Parties acknowledge and agree that
nothing in this Agreement shall transfer or license, or shall operate as an agreement to transfer or license, any right, title, or interest
in or to any Intellectual Property Rights owned by a Party or any of its Affiliates as of the Original Effective Date or otherwise licensed
to a Party, and all such Intellectual Property Rights shall remain the exclusive property of the Party or its applicable Affiliate owning
them (or, where applicable, the Third Party from whom its right to use the Intellectual Property Rights has derived). 

6.1.2.
Ownership of Developed Technology . Subject to Section 6.1.3, as between the Parties, each Party shall own all right, title and interest
in and to any and all Intellectual Property Rights (including any Intellectual Property Rights subsisting in any Improvements) that are
conceived, discovered, developed or otherwise made solely by or on behalf of such Party or its Affiliates or its or their (sub)licensees,
as applicable, under or in connection with this Agreement. 

6.1.3.
Ownership of Licensee Funded Developed Technology . As between the Parties, the Licensee shall own all right, title and interest in
and to any and all Intellectual Property Rights (including any Intellectual Property Rights subsisting in any Improvements) conceived,
discovered, developed or otherwise made by or on behalf of a Party or its Affiliates or its or their (sub)licensees, as applicable, arising
out of the 302 Development Activities or the CMC Development Activities during the performance of the 302 Development Activities
or the CMC Development Activities, as applicable Licensee Funded Technology ). 

46 

6.1.4.
United States Law . The determination of whether Intellectual Property Rights were conceived, discovered, developed or otherwise made
by a Party for the purpose of allocating proprietary rights therein shall, for purposes of this Agreement, be made in accordance with
Applicable Law in the United States as such law exists as of the Effective Date irrespective of where or when such conception, discovery,
development or making occurs. 

6.1.5.
Assignment . Each Party shall, and shall cause its Affiliates and its and their (sub)licensees to, assign, to the other Party, without
additional compensation, such right, title and interest in and to any Intellectual Property Rights (including Intellectual Property Rights
subsisting in Improvements) as is necessary to fully effect the sole ownership provided for in Section 6.1.2 or Section 6.1.3, as applicable. 

6.1.6.
Assignment Obligation . Each Party shall cause all Persons who perform Development activities, Manufacturing activities, or regulatory
activities for such Party or its Affiliates under this Agreement, or who conceive, discover, develop or otherwise make any Intellectual
Property Rights on behalf of such Party or its Affiliates or its or their (sub)licensees under or in connection with this Agreement,
to be under an obligation to assign (or, if such Party is unable to cause such Person to agree to such assignment obligation despite
such Party s using commercially reasonable efforts to negotiate such assignment obligation, then to grant an exclusive license
under (with a scope no less broad than the scope of the license of Intellectual Property Rights granted by such Party under this Agreement)
such Intellectual Property Rights resulting therefrom to such Party). 

6.1.7.
Ownership of Corporate Names . As between the Parties, each Party shall retain all right, title and interest in and to its Corporate
Names. 

6.1.8.
Joint Inventions . The Parties shall, through the JIPC, discuss and agree with respect to ownership of any inventions that are conceived,
discovered, developed or otherwise made jointly by or on behalf of Eisai or its Affiliates or its or their (sub)licensees, as applicable,
on the one hand, and Licensee, or its Affiliates or its or their (sub)licensees, as applicable, in each case, under or in connection
with this Agreement and the responsibility for the prosecution, maintenance, enforcement and defense of any Patents with respect thereto;
provided that, notwithstanding the foregoing, any inventions made pursuant to Section 6.1.3 shall be solely owned by Licensee. 

6.2.
Maintenance and Prosecution of Patents . 

6.2.1.
In General . Subject to Sections 6.2.2 and 6.2.3, as between the Parties: 

(a)
Eisai shall have the sole right through counsel of its choice, at its own cost to prepare, file, prosecute and maintain the Eisai Patents,
in accordance with the IP Strategy, including directing any related interference, re-issuance, re-examination and opposition proceedings
with respect thereto; and 

47 

(b)
the Licensee shall have the sole right through counsel of its choice, at its own cost to prepare, file, prosecute and maintain the Licensee
Patents, in accordance with the IP Strategy, including directing any related interference, re-issuance, re-examination and opposition
proceedings with respect thereto, worldwide, in each case ((a) and (b)), at its sole cost and expense and through counsel of its choice,
and for the purposes of this Section 6.2, the Party prosecuting, maintaining or undertaking other related activities pursuant to the
foregoing sentence with respect to a Patent shall be the Prosecuting Party . In no event shall the Licensee disclose
any Eisai Trade Secrets in connection with the preparation, filing, prosecution or maintenance of any Licensee Patent. 

6.2.2.
Notice . The Prosecuting Party shall give the non-Prosecuting Party and JSC [ ] ([ ]) Business Days written notice prior
to filing any Eisai Patents (in the case of Eisai) or Licensee Patents (in the case of the Licensee), and, following the provision of
such notice shall, consult with the non-Prosecuting Party in good faith regarding the countries in respect of which such Patents will
be filed, and give the non-Prosecuting Party an opportunity to nominate countries in its Territory in respect of which to file the Patents.
The Prosecuting Party shall, at the non-Prosecuting Party s cost, use Commercially Reasonable Efforts to prepare, file, prosecute
and maintain such Patents, including by directing any related interference, re-issuance, re-examination and opposition proceedings with
respect thereto, in any countries within the Territory of the non-Prosecuting Party nominated by the non-Prosecuting Party. 

6.2.3.
Abandonment . If the Prosecuting Party decides to abandon the prosecution of any of the Eisai Patents (in the case of Eisai) or the
Licensee Patents (in the case of the Licensee) or any claims thereof, in each case which relate to the Territory of the other Party,
or to discontinue the payment of any maintenance or renewal fees with respect to any such Patents, it shall first offer to assign such
Patents to the other Party by written notice a reasonable amount of time prior to such abandonment such that the other Party has sufficient
time to determine whether to take over the prosecution and maintenance of such Patents. If the other Party elects in writing to take
over the prosecution and maintenance of such Patents, the Prosecuting Party shall assign such Patents to the other Party, and such Patents
shall constitute Licensee Patents (where they have been assigned by Eisai to the Licensee) or Eisai Patents (where they have been assigned
by the Licensee to Eisai). If the other Party does not elect to take over the prosecution and maintenance of the relevant Patents within
[ ] ([ ]) Business Days of receiving notice of the abandoning Party s intention to abandon the prosecution of, or discontinue
the payment of any maintenance or renewal fees for, the relevant Patents, the Prosecuting Party may, in its sole discretion, abandon
the prosecution of, or discontinue the payment of any maintenance or renewal fees for, the relevant Patents. 

6.2.4.
Cooperation . The non-Prosecuting Party shall, and shall cause its Affiliates to, assist and cooperate with the Prosecuting Party,
as the Prosecuting Party may reasonably request from time to time, in the preparation, filing, prosecution and maintenance of the Eisai
Patents or Licensee Patents (as applicable). The Prosecuting Party shall keep the non-Prosecuting Party informed of all steps to be taken
in the preparation and prosecution of all applications for Patents filed by it pursuant to Section 6.2.1 and shall furnish the non-Prosecuting
Party with copies of such applications, amendments thereto and other related correspondence to and from patent offices, and, to the extent
reasonably practicable, permit the non-Prosecuting Party an opportunity to offer its comments thereon before making a submission to a
patent office and the Prosecuting Party shall consider in good faith the non-Prosecuting Party s comments. Without limiting the
foregoing, the non-Prosecuting Party shall, and shall ensure that its Affiliates shall: (a) offer its comments, if any, promptly; and
(b) provide access to relevant documents and other evidence and make its employees available at reasonable business hours; provided,
however , that neither Party shall be required to provide legally privileged information unless and until procedures reasonably acceptable
to such Party are in place to protect such privilege; and, provided, further , that the Prosecuting Party shall, subject to Section
6.2.2, reimburse the non-Prosecuting Party for its reasonable and verifiable out-of-pocket costs and expenses incurred in connection
therewith. 

48 

6.2.5.
Patent Term Extension and Supplementary Protection Certificate . Subject to Section 6.2.6, as between the Parties, (a) Eisai shall,
at its own cost, have the sole right to make decisions regarding, and to apply for, patent term extensions, including in the United States
with respect to extensions pursuant to 35 U.S.C. 156 et. seq. and in other jurisdictions pursuant to supplementary protection certificates,
and in all jurisdictions with respect to any other extensions that are now or become available in the future, wherever applicable, for
the Eisai Patents; and (b) Licensee shall, at its own cost, have the sole right to make decisions regarding, and to apply for, patent
term extensions, including in the United States with respect to extensions pursuant to 35 U.S.C. 156 et. seq. and in other jurisdictions
pursuant to supplementary protection certificates, and in all jurisdictions with respect to any other extensions that are now or become
available in the future, wherever applicable, for the Licensee Patents. Each Party shall provide prompt and reasonable assistance, as
requested by and at the cost of (subject to Section 6.2.6) the Party filing the patent term extension, including by taking such reasonable
action as is required of the Regulatory Approval holder under any Applicable Law to obtain such extension or supplementary protection
certificate. 

6.2.6.
Notice Patent Term Extension and Supplementary Protection Certificate . Prior to applying for any patent term extension in
respect of the Eisai Patents (in the case of Eisai) or the Licensee Patents (in the case of the Licensee), the relevant Party shall give
the other Party and the JSC [ ] ([ ]) Business Days written notice, and, following the provision of such notice, shall consult
with the other Party in good faith to determine a course of action with respect to such filings, and give the other Party an opportunity
to nominate countries in its Territory in respect of which to file the patent term extensions. The Party applying for any such patent
term extensions in respect of such Patents shall, at the other Party s cost, use Commercially Reasonable Efforts to prepare, file,
prosecute and maintain such patent term extensions in any countries within the other Party s Territory nominated by the other Party. 

6.2.7.
Common Ownership Under Joint Research Agreements . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Article 6, neither Party shall
have the right to make an election under 35 U.S.C. 102(c) when exercising its rights under this Article 6 without the prior written consent
of the other Party. With respect to any such permitted election, the Parties shall coordinate their activities with respect to any submissions,
filings or other activities in support thereof. The Parties acknowledge and agree that this Agreement is a joint research agreement 
as defined in 35 U.S.C. 100(h). 

49 

6.3.
Enforcement of Patents . 

6.3.1.
Notice . Each Party shall promptly notify the other Party in writing of: (a) any alleged or threatened infringement of the Eisai Patents
or the Licensee Patents in any jurisdiction; or (b) any certification filed under the BPCI Act claiming that any of the Eisai Patents
or Licensee Patents are invalid or unenforceable or claiming that any Eisai Patents or the Licensee Patents would not be infringed by
the making, having made, use, offer for sale, sale or import of a product for which an application under the BPCI Act is filed or any
equivalent or similar certification or notice in any other jurisdiction, in each case ((a) and (b)), of which such Party becomes aware
(an Infringement ). 

6.3.2.
Enforcement of Patents . Subject to Section 6.3.3, as between the Parties: 

(a)
Eisai shall have the first right through counsel of its choice, at its cost, to take whatever action it deems appropriate, for the enforcement
of the Eisai Patents and Licensee Patents against any Infringement, including as a defense or counterclaim in connection with any Third
Party Infringement Claim, that arises in the Eisai Territory. If Eisai fails to take any action in relation to the enforcement of the
Licensee Patents against any Infringement, including as a defense or counterclaim in connection with any Third Party Infringement Claim,
that arises in the Eisai Territory within [ ] ([ ]) Business Days of being notified of such Infringement, or notifies the Licensee
that it does not wish to take any such action, the Licensee shall have the right through counsel of its choice, at its cost, to take
whatever action it deems appropriate in its sole discretion, for the enforcement of the Licensee Patents against such Infringement in
the Eisai Territory; and 

(b)
The Licensee shall have the first right through counsel of its choice, at its cost, to take whatever action it deems appropriate, for
the enforcement of the Eisai Patents and Licensee Patents against any Infringement, including as a defense or counterclaim in connection
with any Third Party Infringement Claim, that arises in the Licensee Territory. If the Licensee fails to take any action in relation
to the enforcement of the Eisai Patents against any Infringement, including as a defense or counterclaim in connection with any Third
Party Infringement Claim, that arises in the Licensee Territory within [ ] ([ ]) Business Days of being notified of such Infringement,
or notifies Eisai that it does not wish to take any such action, Eisai shall have the right through counsel of its choice, at its cost,
to take whatever action it deems appropriate in its sole discretion, for the enforcement of the Eisai Patents against such Infringement
in the Licensee Territory. 

For
the purposes of this Section 6.3, the Party prosecuting any Infringement pursuant to this Section 6.3.2 with respect to a Patent shall
be the Enforcing Party . 

6.3.3.
Cooperation . The Parties shall cooperate fully in any Infringement action pursuant to this Section 6.3, including by making the inventors,
applicable records, and documents (including laboratory notebooks) with respect to the relevant Patents available to the Enforcing Party
on the Enforcing Party s request. With respect to an action controlled by the applicable Enforcing Party, the other Party shall,
and shall cause its Affiliates to, assist and cooperate with the Enforcing Party, as the Enforcing Party may reasonably request from
time to time, in connection with its activities set forth in this Section 6.3, including, where necessary, furnishing a power of attorney
solely for such purpose or joining in, or being named as a necessary party to, such action, providing access to relevant documents and
other evidence, and making its employees available at reasonable business hours; provided that the Enforcing Party shall reimburse
such other Party for its reasonable and verifiable out-of-pocket costs and expenses incurred in connection therewith. Unless otherwise
set forth herein, the Enforcing Party shall have the right to settle such claim; provided that neither Party shall have the right to
settle any Infringement action under this Section 6.3 in a manner that has a material adverse effect on the rights or interest of the
other Party or in a manner that imposes any costs or liability on, or involves any admission by, the other Party, without the express
written consent of such other Party (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed). In connection with any
activities with respect to an Infringement action prosecuted by the applicable Enforcing Party pursuant to this Section 6.3 involving
Patents owned by the other Party or its Affiliates, the Enforcing Party shall: (a) consult with the other Party as to the strategy for
the prosecution of such claim, suit or proceeding; (b) consider in good faith any comments from the other Party with respect thereto
and (c) keep the other Party reasonably informed of any material steps taken, and provide copies of all material documents filed, in
connection with such action. 

50 

6.3.4.
Counterclaims . If any Third Party alleges that any of the Patents the subject of an Infringement action brought by a Party pursuant
to Section 6.3.2 is invalid or unenforceable as a defense to such Infringement action, the Party that owns such Patents shall have a
right to join such action to defend against such allegation of invalidity or unenforceability in accordance with Section 6.5. 

6.3.5.
Recovery . Except as otherwise agreed by the Parties in connection with a cost-sharing arrangement, any recovery realized as a result
of such litigation described above in this Section 6.3 (whether by way of settlement or otherwise) shall be first allocated to reimburse
the Parties for their costs and expenses in making such recovery (which amounts shall be allocated pro rata if insufficient to cover
the totality of such expenses). Any remainder after such reimbursement is made shall be retained by the Enforcing Party; provided,
however , that to the extent that any award or settlement (whether by judgment or otherwise) with respect to an Eisai Patent or Licensee
Patent is attributable to loss of sales or profits with respect to a Licensed Product in the Licensee Territory, the Parties shall negotiate
in good faith an appropriate allocation of such remainder to reflect the economic interests of the Parties under this Agreement with
respect to such Licensed Product. 

6.3.6.
Biosimilar Applicants . Notwithstanding the other provisions of Section 6.3, if either Party receives a copy of an application for
a Biosimilar Product referencing a Licensed Product, or otherwise becomes aware that such an application has been submitted to a Regulatory
Authority for Regulatory Approval (such as in an instance described in Section 351(l)(9)(C) of the PHSA), then such Party shall promptly
notify the other Party, and the Parties shall discuss in good faith a strategy for responding to such application for a Biosimilar Product. 

6.4.
Infringement Claims by Third Parties . 

6.4.1.
 If the Exploitation of a Licensed Product results in, or is reasonably expected to result in, any claim, suit or proceeding by a
Third Party alleging infringement of such Third Party s Intellectual Property Rights (a Third Party Infringement Claim ),
including as part of any defense or counterclaim in connection with an Infringement action initiated pursuant to Section 6.3.2, the Party
first becoming aware of such Third Party Infringement Claim shall promptly notify the other Party thereof in writing. 

51 

6.4.2.
 As between the Parties, the Licensee shall have the sole right at its discretion to defend against any Third Party Infringement Claim
initiated against the Licensee or any of its Affiliates at its sole cost and expense (subject to the last sentence of this Section 6.4.2),
using counsel of the Licensee s choice, and Eisai shall have the sole right at its discretion to defend against any Third Party
Infringement Claim initiated against Eisai, at its sole cost and expense, using counsel of Eisai s choice (in each case, the Defending
Party ). The non-Defending Party shall, and shall cause its Affiliates to, assist and cooperate with the Defending Party, as
the Defending Party may reasonably request from time to time, in connection with its activities set forth in this Section 6.4, including,
where necessary, furnishing a power of attorney solely for such purpose or joining in, or being named as a necessary party to, such action,
providing access to relevant documents and other evidence, and making its employees available at reasonable business hours; provided
that the Defending Party shall reimburse the non-Defending Party for its reasonable and verifiable out-of-pocket costs and expenses incurred
in connection therewith. The Defending Party shall keep the non-Defending Party reasonably informed of all material developments in connection
with any such claim, suit or proceeding. The Defending Party agrees to provide the non-Defending Party with copies of all material pleadings
filed in such action and to allow the non-Defending Party reasonable opportunity to participate in the defense of the claims. The Parties
shall negotiate in good faith an appropriate allocation of the Licensee s out-of-pocket expenses, damages, or awards, including
royalties incurred or awarded in connection with any Third Party Infringement Claim defended under this Section 6.4.2, to reflect the
economic interests of the Parties under this Agreement with respect to the Licensed Products. 

6.5.
Invalidity or Unenforceability Defenses or Actions . Each Party shall promptly notify the other Party in writing of any alleged or
threatened assertion of invalidity or unenforceability of any of the Eisai Patents or the Licensee Patents by a Third Party of which
such Party becomes aware. As between the Parties: (a) Eisai shall have the sole right through counsel of its choice, at its own cost
to defend and control the defense of the validity and enforceability of the Eisai Patents; and (b) the Licensee shall have the sole right
through counsel of its choice, at its own cost to defend and control the defense of the validity and enforceability of the Licensee Patents,
including, in each case ((a) and (b)), when such invalidity or unenforceability is raised as a defense or counterclaim in connection
with an Infringement action initiated pursuant to Section 6.3. For the purposes of this Section 6.5, the Party defending and controlling
the defense of the invalidity or unenforceability action pursuant to the foregoing sentence with respect to a Patent shall be the Controlling
Party . In connection with any activities with respect to a defense, claim or counterclaim relating to the Eisai Patents or the
Licensee Patents pursuant to this Section 6.5, the Controlling Party shall: (i) consult with the non-Controlling Party as to the strategy
for such activities; (ii) consider in good faith any comments from the non-Controlling Party; and (iii) keep the non-Controlling Party
reasonably informed of any material steps taken, and provide copies of all material documents filed, in connection with such defense,
claim or counterclaim. 

52 

6.6.
Third Party Patent Rights . If, in the reasonable opinion of the Licensee, the Exploitation of the Licensed Compound or the Licensed
Products in the Field in the Licensee Territory by the Licensee, any of its Affiliates or any of its or their Sublicensees or distributors
or customers infringes or is reasonably expected to infringe any Patent of a Third Party in any country in the Licensee Territory (such
right, a Third Party Patent Right ), then, as between the Parties, the Licensee shall have the first right to negotiate
and obtain a license from such Third Party to such Third Party Patent Right as necessary or desirable for the Licensee or its Affiliates
or its or their Sublicensees to Exploit the Licensed Compound and the Licensed Products in the Field in such country; provided that,
as between the Parties, the Licensee shall bear all expenses incurred in connection therewith, including any royalties, milestones or
other payments incurred under any such license. 

6.7.
Eisai Trademarks . 

6.7.1.
Use of Eisai Trademarks . 

(a)
The Licensee hereby acknowledges Eisai s exclusive right, title and interest in and to the Eisai Trademarks, together with all
goodwill associated therewith and all registrations and registration applications therefor, on a worldwide basis and acknowledges that
nothing herein shall be construed to accord to the Licensee any rights in the Eisai Trademarks except for the license right expressly
granted to the Licensee under Section 2.1.2. The Licensee shall not, and shall cause its Affiliates, Sublicensees and distributors not
to, use in their respective businesses, any Trademark that is confusingly similar to or a colorable imitation of, misleading or deceptive
with respect to or that dilutes any (or any part) of the Eisai Trademarks. 

(b)
The Licensee shall be free to Commercialize the Licensed Products in the Licensee Territory using the Eisai Trademarks or the Licensee
Trademarks. 

(c)
The Licensee shall, and shall cause its Affiliates, Sublicensees and distributors to, (i) comply with all Trademark usage guidelines,
quality standards, business practices, methodology, policies and procedures and technical and operational specifications as may be reasonably
specified by Eisai in writing from time to time or as may be imposed by Applicable Law with respect to the nature and quality of the
Licensed Products and the manner of use of the Eisai Trademarks and (ii) promptly make any changes to any Licensed Product labeling,
Licensed Product packaging, Licensed Product inserts or any advertising, marketing, promotional or other materials bearing any of the
Eisai Trademarks as Eisai may reasonably request to achieve compliance with clause (i), and (iii) use Commercially Reasonable Efforts
not to do any act that endangers, destroys or similarly affects, in any material respect, the Eisai Trademarks or the value of the goodwill
associated with the Eisai Trademarks. 

(d)
Without limiting the Licensee s obligations under Section 6.7.1(c), the Licensee shall submit to Eisai for review and comment any
new, or any revisions to any existing, Licensed Product label, Licensed Product packaging, Licensed Product insert or advertising, marketing,
promotional or other materials, in each case, bearing an Eisai Trademark that the Licensee wishes to use on or in connection with the
Exploitation of a Licensed Product in the Licensee Territory and shall take any comments from Eisai in good faith that are provided by
Eisai to Licensee within [ ] ([ ]) days of Licensee s submission to Eisai. 

53 

(e)
The Licensee shall not, and shall cause its Affiliates, Sublicensees and distributors not to, (i) directly or indirectly, at any time
challenge Eisai s or any of its Affiliates rights, title or interest in and to the Eisai Trademarks or in any registration
or registration application therefor in any jurisdiction, (ii) do or cause to be done or omit to do anything, the doing, causing or omitting
of which would contest or in any way materially impair the rights of Eisai or any of its Affiliates in and to the Eisai Trademarks or
in any registrations or registration applications therefor in any jurisdiction, (iii) represent to any Third Party that it has, in any
jurisdiction, any ownership rights in or to the Eisai Trademarks or in any registration or registration application therefor or any other
rights in the Eisai Trademarks other than the specific license rights conferred by this Agreement, or (iv) register or attempt to register
the Eisai Trademarks or any confusingly similar Trademark (including any translation or transliteration of any of the Product Trademarks
or any colorable imitation thereof) as a Trademark with any Governmental Authority in its own name or in the name of any of its Affiliate
or any Third Party in any jurisdiction. 

(f)
 The Licensee acknowledges and agrees that no ownership rights are vested or created in the Eisai Trademarks anywhere in the world
by the licenses and other rights granted in this Agreement (including, for clarity, Section 2.1.2) and that all use of the Eisai Trademarks
by the Licensee, its Affiliates, Sublicensees, and distributors and all goodwill generated in connection therewith, shall inure solely
for and to the benefit of Eisai and its Affiliates. 

6.7.2.
New Eisai Trademarks . During the Term, the Licensee shall submit to Eisai for review any variation or derivative of an existing Eisai
Trademark, that the Licensee wishes to use on or in connection with the Exploitation of any Licensed Product in the Licensee Territory.
The Licensee shall consider in good faith any comments from Eisai with respect to any proposed Trademarks. With respect to any proposed
Trademark that is a variation or derivation of an existing Eisai Trademark, upon written approval by Eisai in its sole discretion, such
proposed Trademark shall be deemed an Eisai Trademark under this Agreement and subject to the terms hereof. 

6.7.3.
Clearance, Registration, Prosecution and Maintenance of Eisai Trademarks . All registrations and applications therefor with respect
to the Eisai Trademarks shall be filed, prosecuted, registered and maintained in the name, and for the benefit, of Eisai or its Affiliates.
The Licensee shall have the first right, through counsel reasonably acceptable to Eisai and at Licensee s cost, to clear, register,
prosecute and maintain the Eisai Trademarks in the Licensee Territory. The Licensee shall (a) provide Eisai from time to time, as reasonably
requested by Eisai, a detailed, written report identifying the current status of all applications and registrations for the Eisai Trademarks
in the Licensee Territory; (b) notify Eisai promptly of, and consult with Eisai with respect to, any material, substantive issue or any
opposition, cancellation, invalidity or other proceeding that may be raised or asserted against any application or registration for any
Eisai Trademark within the Licensee Territory prior to taking any action in response thereto; and (c) from time to time, upon Eisai s
reasonable request, provide Eisai with copies of any Trademark clearance search reports, registration certificates, renewal applications
and certificates, registration applications, pleadings, or other documentation or information relating to any application or registration
for an Eisai Trademark; provided, however, that the Licensee shall not be required to provide legally privileged information unless
and until procedures reasonably acceptable to the Licensee are in place to protect such privilege. Eisai shall execute such documents
as may be required in the reasonable opinion of the Licensee for the Licensee to be entered as a registered user or recorded
licensee of the Eisai Trademarks or to be removed as registered user or licensee thereof. If the Licensee decides to abandon or withdraw
any application for any Eisai Trademark, or permit any registration for any Eisai Trademark to lapse, expire or be cancelled, in either
case, in the Licensee Territory, it shall first notify Eisai. If Eisai elects to continue to register, prosecute and maintain such Eisai
Trademark, it shall have the right to do so using counsel of its choice at is sole expense and such Eisai Trademark shall cease to be
an Eisai Trademark under this Agreement. 

54 

6.7.4.
Notice . Each Party shall provide to the other Party prompt written notice of any actual or threatened infringement of the Eisai Trademarks
in the Licensee Territory and of any actual or threatened claim that the use of the Eisai Trademarks in the Licensee Territory violates
the rights of any Third Party, in each case, of which such Party becomes aware. 

6.7.5.
Enforcement of Eisai Trademarks . The Licensee shall have the first right to take such action as the Licensee, after consultation
with Eisai, deems necessary against a Third Party based on any alleged, threatened or actual infringement, dilution, misappropriation,
or other violation of, or unfair trade practices or any other like offense relating to, the Eisai Trademarks by a Third Party in the
Licensee Territory at its sole cost and expense and using counsel of its own choice; provided that Eisai shall have the right
to provide input on the overall strategy for such action and the Licensee shall consider such input in good faith. The Licensee shall
retain any damages or other amounts collected in connection therewith; provided, however , that to the extent that any award or
settlement (whether by judgment or otherwise) with respect to an Eisai Trademark is attributable to loss of sales or profits with respect
to a Licensed Product, the Parties shall negotiate in good faith an appropriate allocation of such remainder to reflect the economic
interests of the Parties under this Agreement with respect to such Licensed Product. If the Licensee fails to take any action in relation
to the enforcement of the Eisai Trademarks against any infringement of the Eisai Trademarks in the Licensee Territory within [ ] ([ ])
Business Days of being notified of such Infringement, or notifies Eisai that it does not wish to take any such action, Eisai shall have
the right through counsel of its choice, at its cost, to take whatever action it deems appropriate in its sole discretion, for the enforcement
of the Eisai Trademarks against such infringement in the Licensee Territory and Eisai shall retain any damages or other amounts collected
in connection therewith. 

6.7.6.
Third Party Claims . Eisai shall have the first right to defend against and settle any alleged, threatened or actual claim by a Third
Party that the use or registration of the Eisai Trademarks in the Licensee Territory infringes, dilutes, misappropriates or otherwise
violates any Trademark or other right of that Third Party or constitutes unfair trade practices or any other like offense or any other
claims as may be brought by a Third Party against the Licensee in connection with the use of the Eisai Trademarks with respect to a Licensed
Product in the Licensee Territory, at its sole cost and expense and using counsel of its choice; provided that the Licensee shall
have the right to provide input on the overall strategy for such defense and settlement and Eisai shall consider such input in good faith.
If Eisai fails to take any action in relation to any such claim within [ ] ([ ]) Business Days of being notified of such claim, or
notifies the Licensee that it does not wish to take any such action, the Licensee shall have the right through counsel of its choice,
at its cost, to take whatever action it deems appropriate in its sole discretion, for the defense of such claim. Any damages or awards,
including royalties incurred or awarded in connection with any such claim defended under this Section 6.7.6, shall be for the account
of the Party defending such claim. 

55 

6.7.7.
Cooperation . Each Party shall, and shall cause its Affiliates to, assist and cooperate with the other Party, as the other Party may
reasonably request from time to time, in connection with its activities set forth in this Section 6.7, including, where necessary and
applicable, furnishing a power of attorney solely for such purpose or joining in, or being named as a necessary party to, such action,
providing access to relevant documents and other evidence, and making its employees available at reasonable business hours; provided
 that the requesting Party shall reimburse the other Party for its and its Affiliates reasonable and verifiable out-of-pocket
costs and expenses incurred in connection therewith. 

6.8.
Eisai Territory Product Trademarks . 

6.8.1.
 The Licensee hereby acknowledges Eisai s exclusive right, title and interest in and to the Eisai Territory Product Trademarks,
together with all goodwill associated therewith and all registrations and registration applications therefor, with respect to the Eisai
Territory and acknowledges that nothing herein shall be construed to accord to the Licensee any rights in the Eisai Territory Product
Trademarks except for the license right expressly granted to the Licensee under Section 2.1.3. The Licensee shall not, and shall cause
its Affiliates and sublicensees with respect to the Eisai Territory Product Trademarks not to, use in their respective businesses, any
Trademark that is confusingly similar to or a colorable imitation of, misleading or deceptive with respect to or that dilutes any (or
any part) of the Eisai Territory Product Trademarks. 

6.8.2.
 The Licensee shall, and shall cause its Affiliates and sublicensees with respect to the Eisai Territory Product Trademarks to, (a)
comply with all Trademark usage guidelines, quality standards, business practices, methodology, policies and procedures and technical
and operational specifications as may be reasonably specified by Eisai in writing from time to time or as may be imposed by Applicable
Law with respect to the manner of use of the Eisai Territory Product Trademarks and (b) promptly make any changes to any advertising,
marketing, promotional or other materials bearing any of the Eisai Territory Product Trademarks as Eisai may reasonably request to achieve
compliance with clause (i), and (iii) use Commercially Reasonable Efforts not to do any act that endangers, destroys or similarly affects,
in any material respect, the Eisai Territory Product Trademarks or the value of the goodwill associated with the Eisai Territory Product
Trademarks. 

6.8.3.
 Without limiting the Licensee s obligations under Section 6.8.2, the Licensee shall submit to Eisai for review and comment
any new, or any revisions to any existing, advertising, marketing, promotional or other materials, in each case, bearing an Eisai Territory
Product Trademark that the Licensee wishes to use in connection with Commercializing any Licensee Proprietary Product for use in concomitant
or sequential administration with a Licensed Product in the Eisai Territory, and shall take any comments from Eisai in good faith that
are provided by Eisai to the Licensee within [ ] ([ ]) days of Licensee s submission to Eisai. 

56 

6.8.4.
 As between the Parties, Eisai shall have the sole right, at its sole cost and expense, to (a) clear, register, prosecute and maintain
the Eisai Territory Product Trademarks in the Eisai Territory, (b) take such action as Eisai deems necessary against a Third Party based
on any alleged, threatened or actual infringement, dilution, misappropriate or other violation of, or unfair trade practices or any other
like offense relating to, the Eisai Territory Product Trademarks, by a Third Party in the Eisai Territory and retain any damages or other
amounts collected in connection therewith and (c) defend against and settle any alleged, threatened or actual claim by a Third Party
that the use or registration of the Eisai Territory Product Trademarks in the Eisai Territory infringes, dilutes, constitutes, unfair
trade practices or any other like offense or any other claims as may be brought by a Third Party in connection with the use of the Eisai
Territory Product Trademarks with respect to a Licensed Product in the Eisai Territory. 

6.9.
Licensee Trademarks . 

6.9.1.
 Eisai hereby acknowledges the Licensee s exclusive right, title and interest in and to the Licensee Trademarks, together with
all goodwill associated therewith and all registrations and registration applications therefor, with respect to the Licensee Territory
and acknowledges that nothing herein shall be construed to accord to Eisai any rights in the Licensee Trademarks except for the license
right expressly granted to Eisai under Section 2.2.2. Eisai shall not, and shall cause its Affiliates and sublicensees with respect to
the Licensee Trademarks not to, use in their respective businesses, any Trademark that is confusingly similar to or a colorable imitation
of, misleading or deceptive with respect to or that dilutes any (or any part) of the Licensee Trademarks in the Licensee Territory. 

6.9.2.
 Eisai shall, and shall cause its Affiliates and sublicensees with respect to the Licensee Trademarks to, (a) comply with all Trademark
usage guidelines, quality standards, business practices, methodology, policies and procedures and technical and operational specifications
as may be reasonably specified by the Licensee in writing from time to time or as may be imposed by Applicable Law with respect to the
manner of use of the Licensee Trademarks and (b) promptly make any changes to any advertising, marketing, promotional or other materials
bearing any of the Licensee Trademarks as the Licensee may reasonably request to achieve compliance with clause (i), and (iii) use Commercially
Reasonable Efforts not to do any act that endangers, destroys or similarly affects, in any material respect, the Licensee Trademarks
or the value of the goodwill associated with the Licensee Trademarks. 

6.9.3.
 Without limiting Eisai s obligations under Section 6.9.2, Eisai shall submit to the Licensee for review and comment any new,
or any revisions to any existing, advertising, marketing, promotional or other materials, in each case, bearing a Licensee Trademark
that Eisai wishes to use in connection with Commercializing any Eisai Proprietary Product for use in concomitant or sequential administration
with a Licensed Product in the Licensee Territory, and shall take any comments from the Licensee in good faith that are provided by the
Licensee to Eisai within [ ] ([ ]) days of Eisai s submission to the Licensee. 

57 

6.9.4.
 As between the Parties, the Licensee shall have the sole right, at its sole cost and expense, to (a) clear, register, prosecute and
maintain the Licensee Trademarks in the Licensee Territory, (b) take such action as the Licensee deems necessary against a Third Party
based on any alleged, threatened or actual infringement, dilution, misappropriate or other violation of, or unfair trade practices or
any other like offense relating to, the Licensee Trademarks, by a Third Party in the Licensee Territory and retain any damages or other
amounts collected in connection therewith and (c) defend against and settle any alleged, threatened or actual claim by a Third Party
that the use or registration of the Licensee Trademarks in the Licensee Territory infringes, dilutes, constitutes, unfair trade practices
or any other like offense or any other claims as may be brought by a Third Party in connection with the use of the License Trademarks
with respect to a Licensed Product in the Licensee Territory. 

6.10.
Corporate Names . Each Party shall not, and shall procure that each of its Affiliates shall not: (a) use, in their respective businesses,
any Trademark that is confusingly similar to, misleading or deceptive with respect to or that dilutes any (or any part) of the Corporate
Names of the other Party; (b) do any act that endangers, destroys or similarly affects, in any material respect, the value of the goodwill
pertaining to the Corporate Names or the other Party; or (c) attack, dispute or contest the validity of or ownership of the Corporate
Names of the other Party or any registrations issued or issuing with respect thereto or any pending registration thereof. Each Party
shall, and shall procure that each of its Affiliates shall: (i) conform to the customary industry standards for the protection of corporate
names and to such trademark usage guidelines as the other Party may furnish from time to time with respect to the use of its Corporate
Names; and (ii) adhere to and maintain the highest quality standards of the other Party with respect to goods sold and services provided
under the Corporate Names of the other Party. 

ARTICLE
7 
CONFIDENTIALITY AND NON-DISCLOSURE 

7.1.
Confidentiality Obligations . At all times during the Term and for a period of [ ] ([ ]) years following termination or expiration
hereof (or, with respect to the Eisai Trade Secrets, for a period of unlimited duration), each Party shall, and shall cause its officers,
directors, employees and agents to, keep confidential and not publish or otherwise disclose to a Third Party and not use, directly or
indirectly, for any purpose, any Confidential Information furnished or otherwise made known to it, directly or indirectly, by the other
Party, except to the extent such disclosure or use is expressly permitted by the terms of this Agreement. Confidential Information 
means any technical, business or other information provided by or on behalf of one Party to the other Party in connection with this Agreement,
whether prior to, on or after the Effective Date, including information relating to the terms of this Agreement (subject to Section 7.4),
information relating to the Licensed Compound or any Licensed Product (including the Regulatory Documentation), any Exploitation of the
Licensed Compound or any Licensed Product, any Know-how with respect thereto developed by or on behalf of the disclosing Party or its
Affiliates (including the Licensee Know-how and Eisai Know-how, as applicable) or the scientific, regulatory or business affairs or other
activities of either Party and shall include the Eisai Trade Secrets. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the terms of this Agreement shall
be deemed to be the Confidential Information of both Parties and both Parties shall be deemed to be the receiving Party and the disclosing
Party with respect thereto. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the confidentiality and non-use obligations under this Section 7.1 with respect
to any Confidential Information shall not include any information that: 

58 

7.1.1.
 is or hereafter becomes part of the public domain by public use, publication, general knowledge or the like through no breach of
this Agreement by the receiving Party; 

7.1.2.
 can be demonstrated by documentation or other competent proof to have been in the receiving Party s possession prior to disclosure
by the disclosing Party without any obligation of confidentiality with respect to such information; 

7.1.3.
 is subsequently received by the receiving Party from a Third Party who is not bound by any obligation of confidentiality with respect
to such information; 

7.1.4.
 has been published by a Third Party or otherwise enters the public domain through no fault of the receiving Party in breach of this
Agreement; or 

7.1.5.
 can be demonstrated by documentation or other competent evidence to have been independently developed by or for the receiving Party
without reference to the disclosing Party s Confidential Information. 

Specific
aspects or details of Confidential Information shall not be deemed to be within the public domain or in the possession of the receiving
Party merely because the Confidential Information is embraced by more general information in the public domain or in the possession of
the receiving Party. Further, any combination of Confidential Information shall not be considered in the public domain or in the possession
of the receiving Party merely because individual elements of such Confidential Information are in the public domain or in the possession
of the receiving Party, unless the combination and its principles are in the public domain or in the possession of the receiving Party. 

7.2.
Permitted Disclosures . Each Party may disclose Confidential Information to the extent that such disclosure is: 

7.2.1.
 to Third Parties and Affiliates as necessary, as reasonably determined by the receiving Party, for the performance of the receiving
Party s obligations under this Agreement; provided, however , that any such Third Party or Affiliate must be subject to obligations
of confidentiality and non-use with respect to such Confidential Information substantially similar to the obligations of confidentiality
and non-use of the receiving Party pursuant to this Article 7; 

7.2.2.
 to the professional advisers (including accountants, counsel, consultants, employees and agents) of a Party; provided, however,
 that those advisers must be subject to obligations of confidentiality and non-use with respect to such Confidential Information substantially
similar to the obligations of confidentiality and non-use of the receiving Party pursuant to this Article 7; 

59 

7.2.3.
 made in response to a valid order of a court of competent jurisdiction or other supra-national, federal, national, regional, state,
provincial and local governmental or regulatory body of competent jurisdiction or, if in the reasonable opinion of the receiving Party s
legal counsel, such disclosure is otherwise required by Applicable Law or the rules of a stock exchange on which the securities of the
disclosing Party are listed (or to which an application for listing has been submitted); provided, however , that the receiving
Party shall first have given notice to the disclosing Party and given the disclosing Party a reasonable opportunity to quash such order
or to obtain a protective order or confidential treatment requiring that the Confidential Information and documents that are the subject
of such order be held in confidence by such court or agency or, if disclosed, be used only for the purposes for which the order was issued;
and provided, further , that the Confidential Information disclosed in response to such court or governmental order shall be limited
to that information which is legally required to be disclosed in response to such court or governmental order; 

7.2.4.
 made by or on behalf of the receiving Party to the Regulatory Authorities as required in connection with any filing, application
or request for Regulatory Approval; provided, however , that reasonable measures shall be taken to assure confidential treatment
of such information to the extent practicable and consistent with Applicable Law; 

7.2.5.
 made by or on behalf of the receiving Party to a patent authority as may be reasonably necessary or useful for purposes of obtaining
or enforcing a Patent; provided, however , that reasonable measures shall be taken to assure confidential treatment of such information,
to the extent such protection is available; 

7.2.6.
 made by or on behalf of the receiving Party to potential or actual investors or acquirers as may be necessary in connection with
their evaluation of such potential or actual investment or acquisition; provided, however, that such persons shall be subject
to obligations of confidentiality and non-use with respect to such Confidential Information substantially similar to the obligations
of confidentiality and non-use of the receiving Party pursuant to this Article 7 (which confidentiality and non-use obligations shall
subsist for a period that is either: (a) consistent with the period for which the receiving Party s confidentiality and non-use
obligations subsist under this Article 7; or (b) a minimum of [ ] ([ ]) months from the date of disclosure; provided, further ,
that the disclosure of such Confidential Information to a potential or actual investor or acquirer is subject to a customary return or
destroy provision, which the receiving Party agrees to enforce to protect any disclosed Confidential Information); or 

7.2.7.
 made with the other Party s prior written approval. 

Notwithstanding
the foregoing, the Licensee shall not, and shall cause its Affiliates not to, disclose any Eisai Trade Secrets to any Third Party without
the prior written consent of Eisai, such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed. 

7.3.
Use of Name . Except as expressly provided herein, neither Party shall mention or otherwise use the name, logo or Trademark of the
other Party or any of its Affiliates or any of its or their (sub)licensees (or any abbreviation or adaptation thereof) in any publication,
press release, marketing and promotional material or other form of publicity without the prior written approval of such other Party.
The restrictions imposed by this Section 7.3 shall not prohibit: (a) either Party from making any disclosure identifying the other Party
to the extent required in connection with its exercise of its rights or obligations under this Agreement; and (b) either Party from making
any disclosure identifying the other Party that is required by Applicable Law or the rules of a stock exchange on which the securities
of the disclosing Party are listed (or to which an application for listing has been submitted). 

60 

7.4.
Public Announcements . The Parties have agreed upon the content of one (1) or more press releases which shall be issued substantially
in the form(s) attached hereto as Schedule 7.4, the release of which the Parties shall coordinate in order to accomplish such release
promptly upon execution of this Agreement. Neither Party shall issue any other public announcement, press release or other public disclosure
regarding this Agreement or its subject matter without the other Party s prior written consent, such consent not to be unreasonably
withheld, conditioned or delayed, except for any such disclosure that is, in the opinion of the disclosing Party s counsel, required
by Applicable Law or the rules of a stock exchange on which the securities of the disclosing Party are listed (or to which an application
for listing has been submitted). In the event a Party is, in the opinion of its counsel, required by Applicable Law or the rules of a
stock exchange on which its securities are listed (or to which an application for listing has been submitted) to make such a public disclosure,
such Party shall, to the extent permitted by Applicable Law, submit the proposed disclosure in writing to the other Party as far in advance
as reasonably practicable (and in no event less than [ ] ([ ]) Business Days prior to the anticipated date of disclosure) so as to
provide a reasonable opportunity to comment thereon. Neither Party shall be required to seek the permission of the other Party to repeat
any information regarding the terms of this Agreement or any amendment hereto that has already been publicly disclosed by such Party
or by the other Party, in accordance with this Section 7.4; provided that such information remains accurate as of such time and provided,
further , that the frequency and form of such disclosure are reasonable. 

7.5.
Publications . The Parties recognize the desirability of publishing and publicly disclosing the results of, and information regarding,
activities under this Agreement. Accordingly, each Party shall be free to publicly disclose the results of, and information regarding,
activities under this Agreement, subject to prior review by the other Party of any disclosure of that Party s Confidential Information
for issues of patentability and protection of such Confidential Information, in a manner consistent with Applicable Law and industry
practices, as provided in this Section 7.5. Accordingly, prior to publishing any Confidential Information of the other Party, the publishing
Party shall provide such other Party with drafts of proposed abstracts, manuscripts or summaries of presentations that cover such Confidential
Information. The non-publishing Party shall respond promptly through its designated representative and in any event no later than [ ]
([ ]) days after receipt of such proposed publication or presentation. The publishing Party agrees to allow a reasonable period (not
to exceed [ ] ([ ]) days) to permit filings for patent protection and to otherwise address issues of Confidential Information or
related competitive harm to the reasonable satisfaction of the non-publishing Party and, in any event, the publishing Party shall not
publish or publicly disclose any Confidential Information of the other Party over such other Party s objection. In addition, the
publishing Party shall give due regard to comments furnished by the non-publishing Party and such comments shall not be unreasonably
rejected. 

61 

7.6.
Return of Confidential Information . Upon the effective date of the expiration or termination of this Agreement for any reason, either
Party may request in writing and the non-requesting Party shall either, with respect to Confidential Information of the requesting Party
to which such non-requesting Party does not retain rights under the surviving provisions of this Agreement, at the requesting Party s
election: (a) promptly destroy all copies of such Confidential Information in the possession or control of the non-requesting Party and
confirm such destruction in writing to the requesting Party; or (b) promptly deliver to the requesting Party, at the non-requesting Party s
sole cost and expense, all copies of such Confidential Information in the possession or control of the non-requesting Party. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, the non-requesting Party shall be permitted to retain such Confidential Information: (i) to the extent necessary or useful
for purposes of performing any continuing obligations or exercising any ongoing rights hereunder and, in any event, a single copy of
such Confidential Information for archival purposes; and (ii) any computer records or files containing such Confidential Information
that have been created solely by such non-requesting Party s automatic archiving and back-up procedures, to the extent created
and retained in a manner consistent with such non-requesting Party s standard archiving and back-up procedures, but not for any
other uses or purposes. All Confidential Information shall continue to be subject to the terms of this Agreement for the period set forth
in Section 7.1. 

7.7.
Privileged Communications . In furtherance of this Agreement, it is expected that the Parties may, from time to time, disclose to
one another privileged communications with counsel, including opinions, memoranda, letters and other written, electronic and verbal communications.
Such disclosures are made with the understanding that they shall remain confidential in accordance with this Article 7, that they will
not be deemed to waive any applicable attorney-client or attorney work product or other privilege and that they are made in connection
with the shared community of legal interests existing between Eisai and the Licensee, including the community of legal interests in avoiding
infringement of any valid, enforceable patents of Third Parties and maintaining the validity of the Eisai Patents and the Licensee Patents.
In the event of any litigation (or potential litigation) with a Third Party related to this Agreement or the subject matter hereof, the
Parties shall, upon either Party s request, enter into a reasonable and customary joint defense agreement. In any event, each Party
shall consult in a timely manner with the other Party before engaging in any conduct e.g ., producing information or documents)
in connection with litigation or other proceedings that could conceivably implicate privileges maintained by the other Party. Notwithstanding
anything contained in this Section 7.7, nothing in this Agreement shall prejudice a Party s ability to take discovery of the other
Party in disputes between them relating to the Agreement and no information otherwise admissible or discoverable by a Party shall become
inadmissible or immune from discovery solely by this Section 7.7. 

7.8.
Obligations of the Licensee with Respect to Eisai Trade Secrets . In addition to its obligations in Section 7.1, the Licensee shall
(a) treat the Eisai Trade Secrets as it does its own trade secrets, and (b) implement controls to protect the Eisai Trade Secrets that
are standard in the innovative biopharmaceuticals industry, including using diligent efforts to (i) restrict access to the Eisai Trade
Secrets to individuals with a reasonable need to access such information and restrict use to the Licensed Products, (ii) maintain a list
of such individuals and (iii) inform each such individual regarding the Licensee s obligations with respect to the Eisai Trade
Secrets under this Agreement and instruct such individuals not to disclose the Eisai Trade Secrets to any individuals that are not on
the list described in the foregoing clause (ii). 

62 

ARTICLE
8 
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 

8.1.
Mutual Representations and Warranties . Each of Eisai and the Licensee represents and warrants to the other, as of the Original Effective
Date and as of the Execution Date, and covenants, that: 

8.1.1.
 it is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its organization and has all requisite
power and authority, corporate or otherwise, to execute, deliver and perform this Agreement; 

8.1.2.
 the execution and delivery of this Agreement and the performance by it of the transactions contemplated hereby have been duly authorized
by all necessary corporate action and do not violate: (a) such Party s charter documents, bylaws or other organizational documents;
(b) in any material respect, any agreement, instrument or contractual obligation to which such Party is bound; (c) any requirement of
any Applicable Law; or (d) any order, writ, judgment, injunction, decree, determination or award of any court or governmental agency
presently in effect applicable to such Party; 

8.1.3.
 this Agreement is a legal, valid and binding obligation of such Party enforceable against it in accordance with its terms and conditions,
subject to the effects of bankruptcy, insolvency or other laws of general application affecting the enforcement of creditor rights, judicial
principles affecting the availability of specific performance and general principles of equity (whether enforceability is considered
a proceeding at law or equity); 

8.1.4.
 except, with respect to Eisai, under the Distribution Agreements, it is not under any obligation, contractual or otherwise, to any
Person that conflicts with or is inconsistent in any material respect with the terms of this Agreement or that would impede the diligent
and complete fulfillment of its obligations hereunder; and 

8.1.5.
 neither it nor any of its Affiliates has been debarred or is subject to debarment and neither it nor any of its Affiliates will use,
in any capacity, in connection with the services to be performed under this Agreement, any Person who has been debarred pursuant to Section
306 of the FFDCA or who is the subject of a conviction described in such section. It will inform the other Party in writing promptly
if it or any such Person who is performing services hereunder is debarred or is the subject of a conviction described in Section 306
or if any action, suit, claim, investigation or legal or administrative proceeding is pending or, to the best of its or its Affiliates 
Knowledge, is threatened, relating to the debarment or conviction of it or any such Person performing services hereunder. Upon request
by either Party (which may be made no more than [ ] per Contract Year), the such Party shall (a) screen against the Exclusion Lists
all of its directors, officers, and employees, whose responsibilities, to such Party s Knowledge, involve the Development or Commercialization
of the Licensed Products as authorized by this Agreement, and (b) certify the results of such screening to the other Party. For purposes
of this Agreement, Exclusion Lists shall mean: (i) the HHS/OIG List of Excluded Individuals/Entities (available
through the Internet at http://www.oig.hhs.gov) or any successor list; and (ii) the General Services Administration s List of Parties
Excluded from Federal Programs (available through the Internet at http://www.epls.gov) or any successor list. 

63 

8.2.
Additional Representations and Warranties of Eisai . Eisai further represents and warrants to the Licensee, as of the Original Effective
Date, that: 

8.2.1.
 neither Eisai nor any of its Affiliates Controls any Patents that are necessary or desirable for the Exploitation of the Licensed
Compound or a Licensed Product in the Licensee Territory as contemplated herein; 

8.2.2.
 Eisai Controls the Eisai Existing Know-how and Eisai Existing Regulatory Documentation as of the Original Effective Date and has
the right to grant the licenses, rights of reference, sublicenses and further rights of reference specified herein, and, except as set
forth in the Distribution Agreements, has not granted to any Third Parties any conflicting licenses, rights of reference, sublicenses
and further rights of reference; 

8.2.3.
 Eisai owns all right, title and interest in and to the Eisai Trademarks, free and clear of liens, security interests and other encumbrances.
All post-registration requirements with the United States Patent and Trademark Office with respect to the Eisai Trademarks have been
satisfied; 

8.2.4.
 To Eisai s Knowledge, no Person has infringed, violated or misappropriated, or is infringing, violating or misappropriating,
any of the Eisai Trademarks; 

8.2.5.
 Eisai has not received any written claim or demand alleging that the Exploitation of the Licensed Products as contemplated herein
infringes any Intellectual Property Rights owned by any Third Party; 

8.2.6.
 to Eisai s Knowledge, the Exploitation of the Licensed Products as contemplated herein does not infringe any Intellectual Property
Rights owned by any Third Party; 

8.2.7.
 to Eisai s Knowledge, no Person is infringing or threatening to infringe the Eisai Technology and Eisai has not made any such
claim against any Person, nor, to its Knowledge, is there any basis for such a claim; 

8.2.8.
 the Eisai Existing Know-how and the Eisai Existing Regulatory Documentation constitute all of the Intellectual Property Rights that
are owned, licensed or otherwise controlled by Eisai or any of its Affiliates that are necessary or reasonably useful for the Exploitation
of the Licensed Compound and the Licensed Products in the Licensee Territory, as such activities are contemplated on the Original Effective
Date; 

8.2.9.
 all of the Eisai Technology is owned by either Eisai or one of its Affiliates; 

64 

8.2.10.
 except for those serious adverse events with respect to the Existing Licensed Product that have been reported to the FDA and disclosed
in writing to the Licensee set forth in the email with the subject E7777 Reportable Adverse Event Disclosure - Rep 8.2.10 
from Eisai to Licensee dated March 25, 2016, neither Eisai nor any of its Affiliates nor, to Eisai s Knowledge, any Third Parties
involved with Eisai in the Development of the Existing Licensed Product, has any Knowledge of any adverse event, arising prior to the
Original Effective Date, reportable to a Regulatory Authority under Applicable Law with respect to the safety or efficacy of the Existing
Licensed Product; 

8.2.11.
 Eisai or one of its Affiliates is the registered holder of each Regulatory Approval and IND required under Applicable Law for the
Development of the Existing Licensed Product, such Regulatory Approvals and INDs are in full force and effect, no material deficiencies
have been asserted by any applicable Governmental Authority with respect to such Regulatory Approvals and INDs and, to Eisai s
Knowledge, no facts or circumstances exist that would be likely to lead to such assertions being made; 

8.2.12.
 the Existing Licensed Product has been and is being Developed in all material respects in accordance with applicable Regulatory Approvals
and INDs and in accordance with Applicable Laws. Neither Eisai nor any of its Affiliates nor, to Eisai s Knowledge, any Third Parties
involved with Eisai in the Development of the Existing Licensed Product, has received any written notices or other correspondence from
any Governmental Authority requiring the termination, suspension or material modification of any studies or tests relating to the Development
of the Existing Licensed Product; and 

8.2.13.
 the information set forth on Schedule 8.2.13 is true, complete and correct. 

8.3.
DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES . EXCEPT FOR THE EXPRESS WARRANTIES SET FORTH HEREIN, NEITHER PARTY MAKES ANY REPRESENTATIONS OR GRANTS ANY
WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, EITHER IN FACT OR BY OPERATION OF LAW, BY STATUTE OR OTHERWISE AND EACH PARTY SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIMS
ANY OTHER WARRANTIES, WHETHER WRITTEN OR ORAL OR EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING ANY WARRANTY OF QUALITY, MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR
A PARTICULAR USE OR PURPOSE OR ANY WARRANTY AS TO THE VALIDITY OF ANY PATENTS OR THE NON-INFRINGEMENT OF ANY INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS
OF THIRD PARTIES. WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, EXCEPT FOR THE EXPRESS WARRANTIES SET FORTH HEREIN, THE EISAI TRADEMARKS ARE LICENSED
 AS IS, WITH ALL FAULTS, AND WITH ALL DEFECTS, AND THE LICENSEE EXPRESSLY WAIVES ALL RIGHTS
TO MAKE ANY CLAIM WHATSOEVER AGAINST EISAI FOR MISREPRESENTATION OR FOR BREACH OF PROMISE, GUARANTEE OR WARRANTY OF ANY KIND RELATING
TO ANY EISAI TRADEMARK. 

8.4. Anti-Bribery
and Anti-Corruption Compliance . Each of the Licensee and Eisai agrees, on behalf of itself, its officers, directors and employees
and on behalf of its Affiliates, agents, representatives, consultants and subcontractors hired in connection with the subject
matter of this Agreement Representatives ), that for the performance of its obligations hereunder: 

 8.4.1.
Compliance . Such Party and its Representatives shall comply with the Anti-Corruption Laws and shall not take any action that would,
or would reasonably be expected to, cause the other Party or its Affiliates to be in violation of any such laws or policies. In the course
of the business, each of the Licensee and Eisai and the respective Representatives (a) shall not, directly or indirectly, make payment
or offer or promise to make payment of any bribe Corruption to a governmental official (including a foreign official,
a person deemed to be a governmental official under the law, and a healthcare professional), a person related to a political party, or
a candidate for public post, (b) shall not engage in Corruption even in terms of private citizens other than government officials through
providing entertainments or gifts deemed inappropriate under business customs, and (c) shall establish and maintain an appropriate compliance
procedure to prevent its management or employees from engaging in Corruption. 

8.4.2.
Notice . Such Party shall promptly provide the other Party with written notice of the following events: (a) upon becoming aware of
any breach or violation by such Party or its Representative of any representation, warranty or undertaking set forth in Section 8.4.1;
or (b) upon receiving a formal notification that it is the target of a formal investigation by a Governmental Authority for a Material
Anti-Corruption Law Violation or upon receipt of information from any of its Representatives connected with this Agreement that any of
them is the target of a formal investigation by a Governmental Authority for a Material Anti-Corruption Law Violation. 

65 

ARTICLE
9 
INDEMNITY 

9.1.
Indemnification of Eisai . The Licensee shall indemnify Eisai, its Affiliates and its and their respective directors, officers, employees
and agents (collectively, Eisai Indemnitees ), and defend and hold each of them harmless, from and against any and
all losses, damages, liabilities, costs and expenses (including reasonable attorneys fees and expenses) (collectively Losses incurred by such Persons in connection with any and all suits, investigations, claims or demands of Third Parties (collectively Third
Party Claims arising from or occurring as a result of: (a) the breach by the Licensee of this Agreement, including the enforcement
of Eisai s rights under this Section 9.1; (b) the gross negligence or willful misconduct on the part of any Licensee Indemnitee
in connection with this Agreement or (c) the Exploitation of any Licensed Product by or on behalf of Licensee, its Sublicensees or any
of its or their respective Affiliates (excluding any Third Party Claims alleging death, personal injury or other product liability to
the extent arising out of or related to the use of any Licensed Compound or Licensed Product sold by or behalf of Eisai in the Eisai
Territory), provided that, in each case ((a), (b) and (c)), with respect to any Third Party Claim for which the Licensee has an
obligation to any Eisai Indemnitee pursuant to this Section 9.1 and Eisai has an obligation to any Licensee Indemnitee pursuant to Section
9.2, each Party shall indemnify each of the Eisai Indemnitees or the Licensee Indemnitees, as applicable, for its Losses to the extent
of its responsibility, relative to the other Party. 

9.2.
Indemnification of the Licensee . Eisai shall indemnify the Licensee, its Affiliates and its and their respective directors, officers,
employees and agents (collectively, Licensee Indemnitees and defend and hold each of them harmless, from and against
any and all Losses incurred by such Persons in connection with any and all Third Party Claims arising from or occurring as a result of:
(a) the breach by Eisai of this Agreement, including the enforcement of the Licensee s rights under this Section 9.2; (b) the gross
negligence or willful misconduct on the part of any Eisai Indemnitee in connection with this Agreement; (c) the Exploitation of the Discontinued
Licensed Product by Eisai, its sublicensees or any of its or their respective Affiliates prior to the Original Effective Date; (d) the
Exploitation of any Licensed Product by or on behalf of Eisai, its Sublicensees or any of its or their respective Affiliates (excluding
any Third Party Claims alleging death, personal injury or other product liability to the extent arising out of or related to the use
of any Licensed Compound or Licensed Product sold by or behalf of the Licensee in the Licensee Territory) or (e) the partial assignment
and delegation with respect to the Distribution Agreements pursuant to Section 2.10(a) or Eisai s breach of any of its obligations
under the Distribution Agreements, except to the extent Licensee is obligated to fulfill such obligation pursuant to Section 2.10(a)
or such breach arises out of any act or omission by Licensee, provided that, in each case ((a) (b), (c), (d) and (e)), with respect
to any Third Party Claim for which Eisai has an obligation to any Licensee Indemnitee pursuant to this Section 9.2 and the Licensee has
an obligation to any Eisai Indemnitee pursuant to Section 9.1, each Party shall indemnify each of the Eisai Indemnitees or the Licensee
Indemnitees, as applicable, for its Losses to the extent of its responsibility, relative to the other Party. 

9.3.
Indemnification Procedures . 

9.3.1.
Notice of Claim . All indemnification claims in respect of an Eisai Indemnitee or a Licensee Indemnitee, as applicable, shall be made
solely by such Party to this Agreement (the Indemnified Party ). The Indemnified Party shall give the indemnifying
Party prompt written notice (an Indemnification Claim Notice of any Losses or discovery of fact upon which such
Indemnified Party intends to base a request for indemnification under this Article 9, but in no event shall the indemnifying Party be
liable for any Losses that result from any delay in providing such notice to the extent materially prejudiced thereby. Each Indemnification
Claim Notice must contain a reasonably detailed description of the claim and the nature and amount of such Loss (to the extent that the
nature and amount of such Loss is known at such time). The Indemnified Party shall furnish promptly to the indemnifying Party copies
of all papers and official documents received in respect of any Losses and Third Party Claims. 

9.3.2.
Control of Defense . The indemnifying Party shall have the right to assume the defense of any Third Party Claim by giving written
notice to the Indemnified Party within [ ] ([ ]) days of the indemnifying Party s receipt of an Indemnification Claim Notice.
The assumption of the defense of a Third Party Claim by the indemnifying Party shall not be construed as an acknowledgment that the indemnifying
Party is liable to indemnify any Eisai Indemnitee or Licensee Indemnitee, as applicable, in respect of the Third Party Claim, nor shall
it constitute a waiver by the indemnifying Party of any defenses it may assert against an Eisai Indemnitee s or a Licensee Indemnitee s,
as applicable, claim for indemnification. Upon assuming the defense of a Third Party Claim, the indemnifying Party may appoint as lead
counsel in the defense of the Third Party Claim any legal counsel selected by the indemnifying Party. In the event the indemnifying Party
assumes the defense of a Third Party Claim, the Indemnified Party shall promptly deliver to the
indemnifying Party all original notices and documents (including court papers) received by any Eisai Indemnitee or Licensee Indemnitee,
as applicable, in connection with the Third Party Claim. Should the indemnifying Party assume the defense of a Third Party Claim, except
as provided in Section 9.3.3, the indemnifying Party shall not be liable to the Indemnified Party for any legal expenses subsequently
incurred by such Indemnified Party or any Eisai Indemnitee or Licensee Indemnitee, as applicable, in connection with the analysis, defense
or settlement of the Third Party Claim, unless the incurrence of such legal expenses by the Indemnified Party or Eisai Indemnitee or
Licensee Indemnitee, as applicable, is specifically requested in writing by the indemnifying Party; provided that the indemnifying
Party is diligently pursuing the defense or settlement of such Third Party Claim. In the event that it is ultimately determined that
the Indemnifying Party is not obligated to indemnify, defend or hold harmless an Eisai Indemnitee or Licensee Indemnitee, as applicable,
from and against a Third Party Claim, the Indemnified Party shall reimburse the indemnifying Party for any and all costs and expenses
(including attorneys fees and costs of suit) incurred by the indemnifying Party in its defense of such Third Party Claim. 

66 

9.3.3.
Right to Participate in Defense . Without limiting Section 9.3.2, any Indemnified Party shall be entitled to participate in the defense
of a Third Party Claim and to employ counsel of its choice for such purpose; provided, however , that such employment shall be
at the Indemnified Party s sole cost and expense, unless: (a) the employment thereof has been specifically authorized by the indemnifying
Party in writing (in which case, the defense shall be controlled as provided in Section 9.3.2); (b) the indemnifying Party has failed
to assume the defense and employ counsel in accordance with Section 9.3.2 or otherwise is not diligently pursuing the defense and settlement
of such claim (in which case the Indemnified Party shall control the defense at the indemnifying Party s sole expense); or (c)
the interests of any Eisai Indemnitee or Licensee Indemnitee, as applicable, on the one hand, and the indemnifying Party, on the other
hand, with respect to such Third Party Claim are sufficiently adverse to prohibit the representation by the same counsel of all such
Persons under Applicable Law, ethical rules or equitable principles (in which case, the Indemnified Party shall control its defense at
the indemnifying Party s sole expense). 

9.3.4.
Settlement . With respect to any Losses relating solely to the payment of money damages in connection with a Third Party Claim and
that shall not result in any Eisai Indemnitee or Licensee Indemnitee, as applicable, becoming subject to injunctive or other relief or
otherwise adversely affecting the business of any Eisai Indemnitee or Licensee Indemnitee, as applicable, in any manner hereunder, and
as to which the indemnifying Party shall have acknowledged in writing the obligation to indemnify such Eisai Indemnitee or Licensee Indemnitee,
as applicable, the indemnifying Party shall have the sole right to consent to the entry of any judgment, enter into any settlement or
otherwise dispose of such Loss, on such terms as the indemnifying Party, in its sole discretion, shall deem appropriate so long as the
terms of any such settlement contain a complete and unconditional release of such Eisai Indemnitees or Licensee Indemnitees, as applicable,
with respect to such Third Party Claim. With respect to all other Losses in connection with Third Party Claims, where the indemnifying
Party has assumed the defense of the Third Party Claim in accordance with Section 9.3.2, the indemnifying Party shall have authority
to consent to the entry of any judgment, enter into any settlement or otherwise dispose of such Loss; provided that it obtains
the prior written consent of the Indemnified Party (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed,
and a consent shall not be considered unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed if the terms of such settlement do not contain a
complete and unconditional release of such Eisai Indemnitees or Licensee Indemnitees, as applicable, with respect to such Third Party
Claim). If the indemnifying Party does not assume and conduct the defense of a Third Party Claim as provided above, the Indemnified Party
may defend against such Third Party Claim at the indemnifying Party s sole cost and expense; provided that the Indemnified
Party shall not settle any Third Party Claim without the prior written consent of the indemnifying Party (which consent shall not be
unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed). 

9.3.5.
Cooperation . Regardless of whether the indemnifying Party chooses to defend or prosecute any Third Party Claim, the Indemnified Party
shall, and shall cause each Eisai Indemnitee or Licensee Indemnitee, as applicable, to, cooperate in the defense or prosecution thereof
and shall furnish such records, information and testimony, provide such witnesses and attend such conferences, discovery proceedings,
hearings, trials and appeals and access to records and information and other employees and agents, as may be reasonably requested in
connection therewith. Such cooperation shall include access during normal business hours afforded to the indemnifying Party to, and reasonable
retention by the Indemnified Party and any Eisai Indemnitee or Licensee Indemnitee, as applicable, of, records and information that are
reasonably relevant to such Third Party Claim, and making all Eisai Indemnitees or Licensee Indemnitees, as applicable, and other employees
and agents available on a mutually convenient basis to provide additional information and explanation of any material provided hereunder;
provided that neither Party shall be required to disclose legally privileged information unless and until procedures reasonably acceptable
to such Party are in place to protect such privilege. The indemnifying Party shall reimburse the Indemnified Party for all reasonable
and verifiable out-of-pocket expenses of any Eisai Indemnitee or Licensee Indemnitee, as applicable, in connection therewith. 

9.3.6.
Expenses . Except as provided above, the costs and expenses, including fees and disbursements of counsel, incurred by any Eisai Indemnitee
or Licensee Indemnitee, as applicable, in connection with any Third Party Claim shall be reimbursed on a Calendar Quarter basis by the
indemnifying Party, without prejudice to the indemnifying Party s right to contest such Eisai Indemnitee s or Licensee Indemnitee s,
as applicable, right to indemnification and subject to refund in the event the indemnifying Party is ultimately held not to be obligated
to indemnify the Eisai Indemnitee or Licensee Indemnitee, as applicable. 

67 

9.4.
Special, Indirect and Other Losses . EXCEPT (a) IN THE EVENT OF WILLFUL MISCONDUCT OR FRAUD OF A PARTY OR OF A PARTY S BREACH
OF ITS OBLIGATIONS UNDER Article 7 OR SECTION 2.6 OR (b) TO THE EXTENT ANY SUCH DAMAGES ARE REQUIRED TO BE PAID TO A THIRD PARTY AS PART
OF A CLAIM FOR WHICH A PARTY PROVIDES INDEMNIFICATION UNDER THIS Article 9, NEITHER PARTY NOR ANY OF ITS AFFILIATES SHALL BE LIABLE IN
CONTRACT, TORT, NEGLIGENCE, BREACH OF STATUTORY DUTY OR OTHERWISE FOR ANY INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, EXEMPLARY, SPECIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES
OR FOR LOSS OF PROFITS SUFFERED BY THE OTHER PARTY. 

ARTICLE
10 
TERM AND TERMINATION 

10.1.
Term and Expiration . This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and, unless earlier terminated in accordance herewith, shall
continue in full force and effect until (a) if there has not been a first commercial sale of a Licensed Product in the Licensee Territory
before the tenth (10th) anniversary of the Original Effective Date, the tenth (10th) anniversary of the Original Effective Date, or (b)
if there has been a first commercial sale of a Licensed Product in the Licensee Territory before the tenth (10th) anniversary of the
Original Effective Date, the tenth (10th) anniversary of the first commercial sale of a Licensed Product in the Licensee Territory (such
period, the Initial Term ); provided , that if the Licensee does not extend the Initial Term pursuant to the
following sentence, then with respect to each country in the Territory in which there has been a first commercial sale of a Licensed
Product prior to the tenth (10 th anniversary of the Original Effective Date, then the Initial Term shall continue in each
such country until the tenth (10 th anniversary of the first commercial sale of a Licensed Product in such country. The Licensee
may extend the Term for additional ten (10)-year periods (each, an Extension Term for all countries in the Licensee
Territory by notifying Eisai in writing of such extension and paying Eisai an extension fee equal to 10 Million at least [ ] ([ ])
days prior to the expiration of the then current Term. 

10.2.
Termination . 

10.2.1.
Material Breach . In the event that either Party (the Breaching Party shall be in material breach of any of
its obligations under this Agreement, in addition to any other right and remedy the other Party (the Non-Breaching Party may have, the Non-Breaching Party may terminate this Agreement in its entirety by providing [ ] ([ ]) days (or, with respect
to payment breaches, [ ] ([ ]) days (the Notice Period prior written notice (the Termination
Notice to the Breaching Party specifying the breach and its claim of right to terminate; provided that: 

(a)
prior to issuing the Termination Notice, the Non-Breaching Party shall refer the issue to the Senior Officers for attempted resolution
by good faith negotiations during a period of [ ] ([ ]) Business Days from the date of such referral, or such longer period as the
Senior Officers may agree in writing; 

(b)
if any alleged material breach hereunder is disputed in accordance with Section 11.5, the Notice Period shall be suspended for the duration
of, and until resolution of, such dispute resolution process; and 

(c)
the termination shall not become effective at the end of the Notice Period if the Breaching Party cures the breach specified in the Termination
Notice during the Notice Period (or, if such default cannot be cured within the Notice Period, if the Breaching Party commences actions
to cure such breach within the Notice Period and thereafter diligently continues such actions, provided, that such breach is cured within
[ ] ([ ]) [ ] after the receipt of the Termination Notice). 

10.2.2.
Termination for Anti-Bribery and Anti-Corruption Breach . Notwithstanding Section 10.2.1, in the event that either Party materially
breaches of any of its obligations under Section 8.4 in a way that constitutes a Material Anti-Corruption Law Violation, in addition
to any other right and remedy the other Party may have, such other Party may terminate this Agreement in its entirety immediately upon
written notice to such first Party; provided that if any such alleged breach is disputed in accordance with Section 11.5, the termination
shall not become effective for the duration of such dispute resolution process, and unless and until such dispute is resolved in favor
of the terminating Party. 

10.2.3.
Termination for Eisai Trade Secret Breach . Notwithstanding Section 10.2.1, in the event that the Licensee breaches any of its obligations
under the last sentence of Section 7.2, in addition to any other right and remedy Eisai may have, Eisai may terminate this Agreement
in its entirety immediately upon written notice to the Licensee; provided that if any such alleged breach is disputed in accordance with
Section 11.5, the termination shall not become effective for the duration of such dispute resolution process, and unless and until such
dispute is resolved in favor of Eisai. 

10.2.4.
Termination for Insolvency . In the event that either Party (a) files for protection under bankruptcy or insolvency laws, (b) makes
an assignment for the benefit of creditors, (c) appoints or suffers appointment of a receiver or trustee over substantially all of its
property that is not discharged within [ ] ([ ]) days of such filing, (d) proposes a written agreement of composition or extension
of its debts, (e) proposes or is a voluntary party to any dissolution or liquidation, (f) files a petition under any bankruptcy or insolvency
act or (g) admits in writing its inability generally to meet its obligations as they fall due in the general course, then the other Party
shall have the right to terminate this Agreement in its entirety, immediately upon written notice to such Party. 

68 

10.2.5.
Termination for Challenge . 

(a)
If the Licensee or any of its Affiliates (i) Challenges an Eisai Patent in any country or (ii) challenges the validity of any Eisai Trade
Secret in any country, then, in either case ((i) or (ii)), Eisai may terminate this Agreement immediately upon written notice of termination
to the Licensee. 

(b)
If Eisai or any of its Affiliates Challenges a Licensee Patent in any country, then Licensee may terminate this Agreement immediately
upon written notice of termination to Eisai. 

10.2.6.
Termination for Change of Control . 

(a)
Not later than [ ] ([ ])) days following the effective date of a Change of Control of the Licensee, the Licensee shall provide written
notice to Eisai of such transaction and Eisai shall have the right to request a determination of the fair market value pursuant to Section
10.6.5 on written notice to the Licensee given at any time during the period commencing on the date described above and ending [ ]
([ ]) days after receipt of such notice. 

(b)
Eisai shall have the right to terminate this Agreement immediately on written notice to the Licensee given at any time during the period
commencing on the date the Licensee notifies Eisai of the Change of Control of the Licensee and ending [ ] ([ ]) days after the determination
of the fair market value pursuant to Section 10.6.5. 

(c)
If at any time during the period beginning upon the Change of Control of the Licensee and ending upon the expiration of the [ ] ([ ])-day
period in Section 10.2.6(b), the Licensee is in material breach of any of its obligations under this Agreement, the time periods set
forth in this Section 10.2.6 and Section 10.6.5 shall be suspended for the duration of, and until resolution of, any dispute regarding
such material breach (including pursuant to Section 10.2.1(a)), and if it is determined that the Licensee is in material breach of any
of its obligations under this Agreement, then Eisai shall have the right to terminate this Agreement pursuant to Section 10.2.1 and the
provisions of Section 10.6 shall not apply. 

10.2.7.
Termination for Withdrawal . If Regulatory Authorities cause the withdrawal on a permanent basis of any Licensed Product from any
national or supra-national market in the Licensee Territory, Eisai may terminate this Agreement with respect to such market (each such
market, on a country-by-country basis, a Terminated Territory immediately upon notice to the Licensee, except that
such right of termination shall apply only to withdrawal of the entire marketing authorization for such Licensed Product and shall not
apply in circumstances where such withdrawal is limited to particular Manufacturing batches or lots as a result of a correctable Manufacturing
defect. 

10.3.
Rights in Bankruptcy . All rights and licenses granted under or pursuant to this Agreement by the Licensee or Eisai are, and shall
otherwise be deemed to be, for purposes of Section 365(n) of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code or any analogous provisions in any other country
or jurisdiction, licenses of right to intellectual property as defined under Section 101 of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code. The
Parties agree that the Parties, as licensees of such rights under this Agreement, shall retain and may fully exercise all of their rights
and elections under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code or any analogous provisions in any other country or jurisdiction. The Parties further agree
that, in the event of the commencement of a bankruptcy proceeding by or against either Party under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code or any analogous
provisions in any other country or jurisdiction, the Party that is not a Party to such proceeding shall be entitled to a complete duplicate
of (or complete access to, as appropriate) any such intellectual property and all embodiments of such intellectual property, which, if
not already in the non-subject Party s possession, shall be promptly delivered to it (a) upon any such commencement of a bankruptcy
proceeding upon the non-subject Party s written request therefor, unless the Party subject to such proceeding elects to continue
to perform all of its obligations under this Agreement, or (b) if not delivered under clause (a) above, following the rejection of this
Agreement by or on behalf of the Party subject to such proceeding upon written request therefor by the non-subject Party. 

10.4.
Consequences of Termination of this Agreement in its Entirety . In the event of a termination of this Agreement in its entirety: 

10.4.1.
 all rights and licenses granted by either Party under Section 2.1 or Section 2.2, as applicable, and any sublicenses granted by either
Party pursuant to Section 2.3 shall immediately terminate; 

69 

10.4.2.
 the Licensee hereby grants, and shall cause its Affiliates to grant, Eisai and its Affiliates an exclusive, perpetual, royalty-free
license, with the right to grant multiple tiers of sublicenses, in and to the Licensee Technology owned or Controlled by the Licensee
or any of its Affiliates as of the effective date of the applicable termination of this Agreement to Exploit the Licensed Products in
the Field anywhere in the world; 

10.4.3.
 to the extent requested in writing by Eisai: 

(a)
the Licensee shall, and shall cause its Affiliates to, assign to Eisai all of its right, title and interest in and to all Licensee Regulatory
Documentation then owned or Controlled by the Licensee or any of its Affiliates and notify the applicable Regulatory Authorities of,
and take any other action reasonably necessary to effect, such assignment; provided that, if any such Regulatory Documentation
is not immediately transferable in a country, the Licensee shall provide Eisai with all benefit of such Regulatory Documentation, and
such assistance and cooperation as necessary or reasonably requested by Eisai to timely transfer such Regulatory Documentation to Eisai
or its designee or, at Eisai s option, to enable Eisai to obtain a substitute for such Regulatory Documentation; 

(b)
the Licensee shall, and shall cause its Affiliates to, grant Eisai an exclusive, perpetual, royalty-free right of reference, with the
right to grant multiple tiers of further rights of reference, in and to all Licensee Regulatory Documentation then owned or Controlled
by the Licensee or any of its Affiliates that is not assigned to Eisai pursuant to clause (a) above to the extent necessary to Exploit
the Licensed Products in the Field anywhere in the world, as such Regulatory Documentation exists as of the effective date of such termination
of this Agreement and the Licensee shall continue to maintain such Regulatory Documentation (including any Regulatory Approvals) at Eisai s
sole cost and expense unless and until Eisai notifies the Licensee in writing that such maintenance is no longer required; 

(c)
unless expressly prohibited by any Regulatory Authority, the Licensee shall, and shall cause its Affiliates to, transfer control to Eisai
or its designee of all clinical studies of each Licensed Product being conducted by or on behalf of the Licensee as of the effective
date of termination and continue to conduct such clinical studies, at Eisai s sole cost and expense, for up to [ ] ([ ]) months
to enable such transfer to be completed without interruption of any such clinical study; provided that (i) Eisai shall not have any obligation
to continue any clinical study unless required by Applicable Law and (ii) with respect to each clinical study (A) for which such transfer
is expressly prohibited by the applicable Regulatory Authority or (B) that is required for Regulatory Approval that Eisai does not request
that the Licensee transfer control of such clinical study to Eisai, if any, the Licensee shall continue to conduct such clinical study
to completion, at Eisai s sole cost and expense; 

(d)
the Licensee shall, and shall cause its Affiliates to, assign to Eisai or its designee all Licensed Product Agreements relating to the
Exploitation of the Licensed Products in the Field in the Licensee Territory, unless, with respect to any such Licensed Product Agreement,
such Licensed Product Agreement: (i) expressly prohibits such assignment (in which case, the Licensee or its Affiliate, as applicable,
shall cooperate with Eisai in all reasonable respects to secure the consent of the applicable Third Party to such assignment); and (ii)
does not relate solely to the Exploitation of the Licensed Products in the Field in the Licensee Territory (in
which case, at Eisai s request, the Licensee or its Affiliate, as applicable, shall cooperate with Eisai in all reasonable respects
to secure the written agreement of the applicable Third Party to a partial assignment of the applicable part of the Licensed Product
Agreement that relates to the Exploitation of the Licensed Products in the Eisai Territory) and if the Licensee is unable to secure such
consent to assign or partially assign any such Licensed Product Agreement, then the Licensee shall use Commercially Reasonable Efforts
to obtain for Eisai substantially all of the practical benefit and burden under such Licensed Product Agreement, including by (A) entering
into appropriate and reasonable alternative arrangements on terms mutually agreeable to Eisai and the Licensee and (B) subject to the
consent and control of Eisai, enforcing, at Eisai s sole cost and expense and for the account of Eisai, any and all rights of the
Licensee against the other party thereto arising out of the breach or cancellation thereof by such other party or otherwise; 

70 

(e)
the Licensee shall, and shall cause its Affiliates to, provide Eisai with copies of all reports and data generated or obtained by the
Licensee or any of its Affiliates that relate to any Licensed Product that have not previously been provided to Eisai; and 

(f)
 the Licensee shall, and shall cause its Affiliates to, assign to Eisai all of Licensee s and its Affiliates right,
title and interest in and to the Licensee Trademarks and any trade dress with respect to the Licensed Products; 

10.4.4.
 all Confidential Information of the Licensee relating to the Exploitation of the Licensed Products in the Field in the Licensee Territory
shall become the Confidential Information of Eisai; and 

10.4.5.
 without limiting Eisai s rights under other provisions of this Article 10, the Licensee shall, at the request and sole expense
of Eisai, provide Eisai with such assistance as is reasonably necessary to effectuate a smooth and orderly transition of any Development,
Manufacture and Commercialization activities to Eisai or its designee so as to minimize any disruption of such activities. 

10.5.
Consequences of Termination of this Agreement for a Terminated Territory . In the event of a termination of this Agreement with respect
to a Terminated Territory: 

10.5.1.
 to the extent requested in writing by Eisai: 

(a)
the Licensee shall, and shall cause its Affiliates to, assign to Eisai all of its right, title and interest in and to all Licensee Regulatory
Documentation in the Terminated Territory then owned or Controlled by the Licensee or any of its Affiliates and notify the applicable
Regulatory Authorities in the Terminated Territory of, and take any other action reasonably necessary to effect, such assignment; provided
 that, if any such Regulatory Documentation is not immediately transferable in the Terminated Territory or also relates to countries
that are not in the Terminated Territory, the Licensee shall provide Eisai with all benefit of such Regulatory Documentation, and such
assistance and cooperation as reasonably necessary or reasonably requested by Eisai to timely transfer such Regulatory Documentation
to Eisai or its designee or, at Eisai s option, to enable Eisai to obtain a substitute for
such Regulatory Documentation; 

(b)
the Licensee shall, and shall cause its Affiliates to, assign to Eisai or its designee all Licensed Product Agreements relating to the
Exploitation of the Licensed Products in the Field in the Terminated Territory, unless, with respect to any such Licensed Product Agreement,
such Licensed Product Agreement: (i) expressly prohibits such assignment (in which case, the Licensee or its Affiliate, as applicable,
shall cooperate with Eisai in all reasonable respects to secure the consent of the applicable Third Party to such assignment); and (ii)
does not relate solely to the Exploitation of the Licensed Products in the Field in the Terminated Territory (in which case, at Eisai s
request, the Licensee or its Affiliate, as applicable, shall cooperate with Eisai in all reasonable respects to secure the written agreement
of the applicable Third Party to a partial assignment of the applicable part of the Licensed Product Agreement that relates to Exploitation
of the Licensed Products in the Terminated Territory) and if the Licensee is unable to secure such consent to assign or partially assign
any such Licensed Product Agreement, then the Licensee shall use Commercially Reasonable Efforts to obtain for Eisai substantially all
of the practical benefit and burden under such Licensed Product Agreement, including by (A) entering into appropriate and reasonable
alternative arrangements on terms mutually agreeable to Eisai and the Licensee and (B) subject to the consent and control of Eisai, enforcing,
at Eisai s sole cost and expense and for the account of Eisai, any and all rights of the Licensee against the other party thereto
arising out of the breach or cancellation thereof by such other party or otherwise; 

71 

(c)
the Licensee shall, and shall cause its Affiliates to, assign to Eisai all of the Licensee s and its Affiliates right, title
and interest in and to the Licensee Trademarks and any trade dress with respect to the Licensed Products, in the Terminated Territory; 

(d)
the Licensee shall, and shall cause its Affiliates to, provide Eisai with copies of all reports and data generated or obtained by the
Licensee or any of its Affiliates that relate to any Licensed Product in the Terminated Territory that have not previously been provided
to Eisai; and 

(e)
all Confidential Information of the Licensee relating solely to the Exploitation of the Licensed Products in the Field in the Terminated
Territory shall become the Confidential Information of Eisai. 

10.6.
Additional Consequences for Change of Control Termination. If Eisai exercises its termination right pursuant to Section 10.2.6, then: 

10.6.1.
 if Eisai exercises such termination right on or prior to the date the FDA approves the BLA for the Existing Licensed Product for
the CTCL Indication in the United States, Eisai shall pay the Licensee an amount equal to the sum of (a) the 302 Development Costs
for which Licensee had paid Eisai hereunder, plus (b) the FTE Costs incurred and the direct out-of-pocket costs recorded as an expense
(including pre-marketing expenses and research and development costs), in accordance with GAAP, by or on behalf of Licensee or any of
its Affiliates in connection with the Development of a Licensed Product prior to the effective date of such termination, which amount
shall be payable within [ ] ([ ]) days after the end of Calendar Quarter in which the later of the following occurs (x) Eisai s
receipt of a report with respect to the costs described in the foregoing clause (b) and (y) the effective date of such termination. Section
3.1.4(a) and Section 3.1.8 shall apply mutatis mutandis for purposes of this Section 10.6.1; and 

10.6.2.
 if Eisai exercises such termination right within [ ] ([ ]) years from the first commercial sale of the Existing Licensed Product
for the CTCL Indication in the United States US First Commercial Sale ), Eisai shall pay the Licensee an amount
equal to [ ] percent ([ ] of the fair market value of the Licensee Technology and Licensee Trademarks owned or Controlled by Licensee
or any of its Affiliates as of the effective date of such termination; 

10.6.3.
 if Eisai exercises such termination right at any time after [ ] ([ ]) years from US First Commercial Sale up to and including
seven (7) years from US First Commercial Sale, Eisai shall pay the Licensee an amount equal to [ ] percent ([ ] of the fair market
value of the Licensee Technology and Licensee Trademarks owned or Controlled by Licensee or any of its Affiliates as of the effective
date of such termination; and 

10.6.4.
 if Eisai exercises such termination right at any time after [ ] ([ ]) years from US First Commercial Sale, Eisai shall pay Licensee
an amount equal to [ ] percent ([ ] of the fair market value of the Licensee Technology and Licensee Trademarks owned or Controlled
by Licensee or any of its Affiliates as of the effective date of such termination. 

10.6.5.
 For purposes of this Section 10.6, fair market value shall mean, as of any date of determination, the current fair
market value of the fully paid-up license to the Licensee Technology and assignment of the Licensee Trademarks, taking into account the
prior investment in the Exploitation of the Licensed Products, any milestone payments, future royalties, lifecycle extensions, and additional
Indications which may not have been approved, determined as follows: 

(a)
Within [ ] ([ ]) days following Eisai s exercise of its right under Section 10.2.6(a) to request a determination of the fair
market value, the Parties shall appoint a valuation expert from the Expert List (the Expert ). 

(b)
Within [ ] ([ ]) days after the appointment of the Expert, each Party shall submit to the Expert a written statement of its position
regarding the fair market value, which may include any scientific, financial, technical or other relevant information in support of such
fair market value. No later than [ ] ([ ]) days after the earlier of (i) receipt of such written statement from each of the Parties
and (ii) the [ ] ([ ]) day after appointment of the Expert, the Expert shall make a determination of the fair market value, which
determination shall not be less than the lower of the fair market values submitted by the Parties or greater than the higher of the fair
market values submitted by the Parties. Eisai shall bear the fees and costs of the Expert. 

72 

10.6.6.
 Within [ ] ([ ]) days after the BLA transfer pursuant to Section 3.2.3 and thereafter at least once per Contract Year, the Senior
Officers will mutually agree in writing on a list of at least three (3) valuation experts with relevant expertise with respect to the
valuation of Intellectual Property Rights and Trademarks in the biopharmaceutical industry (the Expert List ). In
connection with each such agreement on the Expert List, each Party must disclose any prior business relationship it that it has had with
any proposed valuation experts within the past [ ] ([ ]) months. 

10.7.
Remedies . Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, termination of this Agreement in accordance with the provisions hereof shall
not limit remedies that may otherwise be available in law or equity. 

10.8.
Accrued Rights; Surviving Obligations . Termination or expiration of this Agreement for any reason shall be without prejudice to any
rights that shall have accrued to the benefit of a Party prior to such termination or expiration. Such termination or expiration shall
not relieve a Party from obligations that are expressly indicated to survive the termination or expiration of this Agreement. Without
limiting the foregoing, Section [ ] and [ ] of this Agreement shall survive the termination or expiration of this Agreement for any
reason. 

ARTICLE
11 
MISCELLANEOUS 

11.1.
Force Majeure . Neither Party shall be held liable or responsible to the other Party or be deemed to have defaulted under or breached
this Agreement for failure or delay in fulfilling or performing any term of this Agreement (other than an obligation to make payments)
when such failure or delay is caused by or results from events beyond the reasonable control of the non-performing Party, including fires,
floods, earthquakes, hurricanes, embargoes, shortages, epidemics, quarantines, war, acts of war (whether war be declared or not), terrorist
acts, insurrections, riots, civil commotion, strikes, lockouts or other labor disturbances (whether involving the workforce of the non-performing
Party or of any other Person), changes in laws, regulations, orders and embargoes, acts of God or acts, omissions or delays in acting
by any Governmental Authority (except to the extent such delay results from the breach by the non-performing Party or any of its Affiliates
of any term or condition of this Agreement). The non-performing Party shall notify the other Party of such force majeure within [ ]
([ ]) days of such occurrence by giving written notice to the other Party stating the nature of the event, its anticipated duration
and any action being taken to avoid or minimize its effect. The suspension of performance shall be of no greater scope and no longer
duration than is necessary, and the non-performing Party shall use commercially reasonable efforts to remedy its inability to perform.
Without limitation to the foregoing, in the event that the suspension of performance continues for [ ] ([ ]) days after the date
of the occurrence and such suspension of performance would constitute a material breach of this Agreement in the absence of this Section
11.1, the other Party shall have the right to terminate this Agreement in its entirety, in its sole discretion, upon written notice to
the non-performing Party. 

11.2.
Export Control . This Agreement is made subject to any restrictions concerning the export of products or technical information from
the United States or other countries that may be imposed on the Parties from time to time. Each Party agrees that it will not export,
directly or indirectly, any technical information acquired from the other Party under this Agreement or any products using such technical
information to a location or in a manner that, at the time of export, requires an export license or other governmental approval, without
first obtaining the written consent to do so from the appropriate agency or other governmental entity in accordance with Applicable Law. 

11.3.
Assignment . 

11.3.1.
Assignment . Neither Party may assign its rights or, except as provided in Section 3.6, delegate its obligations under this Agreement,
whether by operation of law or otherwise, in whole or in part, without the prior written consent of the other Party, which consent shall
not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed, except that (a) Eisai may, without such consent, (i) prior to the transfer of the
BLA and INDs pursuant to Section 3.2.3, assign this Agreement and its rights and obligations hereunder to its successor entity or acquirer
in the event of a merger, consolidation or Change of Control of Eisai; provided that such successor has at least substantially
similar pharmaceutical research and development capabilities to those of Eisai at the time of such merger, consolidation or Change of
Control and (ii) after the transfer of the BLA and INDs pursuant to Section 3.2.3, assign this Agreement and its rights and obligations
hereunder to the purchaser of the Eisai Technology or to its successor entity or acquirer in the event of a merger, consolidation or
Change of Control of Eisai; (b) the Licensee may, without such consent, assign this Agreement and its rights and obligations hereunder
to its successor entity or acquirer in the event of a merger, consolidation or Change of Control of the Licensee and (c) either Party
may, without such consent, assign any or all of its rights and delegate any or all of its obligations hereunder to any of its Affiliates.
Any permitted successor of a Party or any permitted assignee of all of a Party s rights under this Agreement that has also assumed
all of such Party s obligations hereunder in writing shall, upon any such succession or assignment and assumption, be deemed to
be a party to this Agreement as though named herein in substitution for the assigning Party, whereupon the assigning Party shall cease
to be a party to this Agreement and shall cease to have any rights or obligations under this Agreement. All validly assigned rights of
a Party shall inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by, and all validly delegated obligations of such Party shall be binding on
and be enforceable against, the permitted successors and assigns of such Party. Any attempted assignment or delegation in violation of
this Section 11.3.1 shall be void and of no effect. 

73 

11.3.2.
Treatment of Assignee s Intellectual Property Rights . The Intellectual Property Rights: (a) owned, licensed or otherwise controlled
by a Third Party permitted assignee of a Party that were owned, licensed or otherwise controlled by such Third Party permitted assignee
(and not such Party) immediately prior to such assignment (other than as a result of a license or other grant of rights, covenant or
assignment by such Party or its Affiliates to, or for the benefit of, such Third Party permitted assignee); or (b) owned, licensed or
otherwise controlled by an Affiliate of a Party that becomes an Affiliate through any Change of Control of such Party that were owned,
licensed or otherwise controlled by such Affiliate (and not such Party) immediately prior to such Change of Control (other than as a
result of a license or other grant of rights, covenant or assignment by such Party or its other Affiliates to, or for the benefit of,
such Affiliate), in each case ((a) and (b)), shall be automatically excluded from the rights licensed or granted to the other Party under
this Agreement. 

11.4.
Severability . If any provision of this Agreement is held to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable for any reason, and if the rights
or obligations of either Party under this Agreement will not be materially and adversely affected thereby: (a) such provision shall be
fully severable; (b) this Agreement shall be construed and enforced as if such illegal, invalid or unenforceable provision had never
comprised a part hereof; (c) the remaining provisions of this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect and shall not be affected
by the illegal, invalid or unenforceable provision or by its severance herefrom; and (d) such provision shall be deemed modified to the
minimum degree necessary to make such provision valid and enforceable under Applicable Law and reasonably acceptable to the Parties,
and such modified provision shall thereafter be enforced to the fullest extent possible. To the fullest extent permitted by Applicable
Law, each Party hereby waives any provision of law that would render any provision hereof illegal, invalid or unenforceable in any respect. 

11.5.
Dispute Resolution . 

11.5.1.
Referral to Senior Officers . Except as provided in Section 4.4, Section 5.9 or Section 11.9, if a dispute arises between the Parties
in connection with or relating to this Agreement, including a dispute as to the interpretation, validity or performance of this Agreement
or this Section 11.5.1, or any document or instrument delivered in connection herewith, or any payment dispute, excluding any Unresolved
JSC Matter, excluding any dispute regarding Eisai withholding its consent under the third proviso in Section 2.3.1 or the proviso in
Section 3.6 (a Dispute ), then either Party shall have the right to refer such Dispute to the Senior Officers for
attempted resolution by good faith negotiations during a period of [ ] ([ ]) Business Days. Any final decision mutually agreed to
by the Senior Officers in writing shall be conclusive and binding on the Parties. 

11.5.2.
Arbitration . 

(a)
If such Senior Officers are unable to resolve any such Dispute within such [ ] ([ ])-Business Day period, either Party shall be free
to submit such Dispute to the International Chamber of Commerce (the ICC for resolution by arbitration before three
(3) arbitrators (such arbitrators, collectively, the Arbitral Tribunal under the Arbitration Rules of the ICC (the
 Arbitration Rules ), as modified by this Section 11.5.2. Except as expressly limited by Section 11.5.2(h), the Arbitral
Tribunal shall have the authority to grant any equitable relief or any other remedies that would be available in any judicial proceeding
instituted to resolve a disputed matter under the substantive laws of New York. 

(b)
The number of arbitrators shall be three (3), who shall be selected as follows: each of Eisai, on the one hand, and the Licensee on the
other hand, shall nominate one (1) arbitrator. The initiating Party shall nominate its arbitrator in the Request for Arbitration (as
described in the Arbitration Rules), and the other Party shall nominate its arbitrator in its Answer (as described in the Arbitration
Rules) to the Request for Arbitration (provided, that if the other Party receives an extension of time to submit its Answer, it shall
nonetheless nominate its arbitrator on the date its Answer otherwise would have been due under Article 5(1) of the Arbitration Rules),
and those Party-nominated arbitrators shall unanimously nominate the third arbitrator, who will act as president of the Arbitral Tribunal
(the President Arbitrator ), within [ ] ([ ]) days of the appointment of the last Party-nominated arbitrator.
Each of the three arbitrators shall be an attorney in good standing licensed to practice for at least [ ] ([ ]) years and with substantial
experience representing pharmaceutical companies in disputes or contract negotiations (the Qualifications ); provided
that if the Party-nominated arbitrators do not jointly nominate such a President Arbitrator within the [ ] ([ ])-day period, then
the ICC Court (as described in the Arbitration Rules) shall within [ ] ([ ]) days after the expiration of that [ ] ([ ])-day
period prepare and submit to each of the Party-nominated arbitrators (with copies sent to the Parties) a list of fifteen (15) candidates
for nomination as President Arbitrator, each of which candidates shall have the Qualifications. The list shall be accompanied by copies
of the candidates curriculum vitae. Each Party-nominated arbitrator may object to any unacceptable candidates on the list, and
shall rank each acceptable candidate in numerical order, with the candidate ranked number 1 being that Party-nominated arbitrator s
most preferred candidate, and with any other acceptable candidates listed with ascending numerical ranking thereafter through the last
acceptable candidate remaining on the list. The Party-nominated arbitrators may discuss the candidates on the list. Each Party-nominated
arbitrator shall return the list to the ICC Court within [ ] ([ ]) days after receiving it, reflecting the objected-to candidates
and the numerical ranking of the acceptable candidates. The Party-nominated arbitrators shall not exchange their returned lists with
each other. The candidate ranked as acceptable on both returned lists with the lowest combined numerical ranking shall be deemed by the
ICC Court to be nominated as the President Arbitrator by both Party-nominated arbitrators. 

74 

(c)
If the two lists returned to the ICC Court by the Party-nominated arbitrators do not contain any candidates ranked as acceptable by both
Party-nominated arbitrators, then the ICC Court shall within [ ] ([ ]) days thereafter submit to each of the Party-nominated arbitrators
(with copies sent to the Parties) a second list of fifteen (15) candidates for nomination as President Arbitrator, each of which candidates
shall have the Qualifications. The list shall be accompanied by copies of the candidates curriculum vitae. Each Party-nominated
arbitrator may object to any unacceptable candidates on the list, but not to all candidates on the list, and shall rank each acceptable
candidate in numerical order, with the candidate ranked number 1 being that Party-nominated arbitrator s most preferred candidate,
and with any other acceptable candidates listed in ascending numerical ranking thereafter through the last acceptable candidate remaining
on the list. The Party-nominated arbitrators may discuss the candidates on the list. Each Party-nominated arbitrator shall return the
list to the ICC Court within [ ] ([ ]) days after receiving it, reflecting the objected-to candidates and the numerical ranking of
the acceptable candidates. The Party-nominated arbitrators shall not exchange their returned lists with each other. The candidate ranked
as acceptable on both returned lists with the lowest combined numerical ranking shall be deemed by the ICC Court to be nominated as the
President Arbitrator by both Party-nominated arbitrators. 

(d)
If the two lists returned to the ICC Court by the Party-nominated arbitrators again do not contain any candidates ranked as acceptable
by both Party-nominated arbitrators, then the ICC Court shall within [ ] ([ ]) days thereafter so advise both Party-nominated arbitrators
and the Parties, and shall give the Party-nominated arbitrators a final period of [ ] ([ ]) days within which to determine if they
can agree upon a nominee for President Arbitrator, whether from either list submitted to them by the ICC Court, or otherwise. The two
Party-nominated arbitrators will, at or before the expiration of that [ ]-day period, jointly advise the ICC Court either of the name
of an agreed-upon nominee for President Arbitrator, or that they have been unable to agree. If they
are unable to agree, then the ICC Court shall appoint the President Arbitrator pursuant to the Arbitration Rules, provided that the appointee
must have the Qualifications. 

(e)
The place of arbitration shall be New York, New York. All proceedings involving attendance by the Parties shall be conducted in New York,
New York (unless another location is otherwise agreed to by the parties on one or more occasions), at a suitable venue to be agreed by
the Parties and arbitrators. The proceedings shall be conducted in the English language. 

(f)
 The decision and award of the Arbitral Tribunal shall be made by majority decision and shall be conclusive and binding on the
Parties and their successors and assigns. The arbitral award shall be accompanied by a reasoned opinion. 

(g)
The arbitral award may include both pre-and post-award interest, at the rate of [ ] percent ([ ] per annum or the maximum rate
allowable by Applicable Law, whichever is lower. 

(h)
Without limiting the authority of the Arbitral Tribunal with respect to non-monetary relief, the Arbitral Tribunal shall only have the
power to award monetary relief consistent with Section 9.4. 

(i)
The Arbitral Tribunal s final award shall be rendered within the [ ] ([ ])-month period specified in Article 30(1) of the Arbitration
Rules, and any extension thereof pursuant to Article 30(2) of the Arbitration Rules. Notwithstanding any provision of the Arbitration
Rules: (i) each Party shall be permitted to (A) serve up to ten (10), interrogatories on the other Party, (B) take up to five (5), depositions,
(C) obtain production of documents from the other Party pursuant to Article 3 of the International Bar Association Rules on the Taking
of Evidence in International Arbitration as current on the Effective Date, (D) appoint one (1) or more experts to testify at the hearing,
each of whom the appointing Party shall identify to the other Party (by name, address and employer/professional affiliation) and for
whom the appointing Party shall provide to the other Party a general statement of the subject matter and opinions to which such expert
is expected to testify, and each of whom shall provide a written, dated and signed report, setting forth a complete statement of all
opinions the expert will express and the bases and reasons for them, the facts or data considered by the expert in forming the opinions,
and including any exhibits that will be used to summarize or support the opinions and a copy of such expert s then-current curriculum
vitae, which report shall constitute the direct testimony of such expert at the hearing (it being agreed by the Parties that any such
expert shall be made available for examination at the hearing by the other Party and the Arbitral Tribunal), and (E) exchange exhibits
and information as provided for in the Arbitration Rules, all of the foregoing on dates and locations to be mutually agreed upon (or,
failing such agreement, as the President Arbitrator shall select after hearing from the Parties); and (ii) neither Party shall be required
to provide legally privileged information. The Parties shall make their respective employees available for depositions (subject to the
above limitations) and hearing testimony as reasonably requested by the other Party. Judgment on any arbitral award issued by the Arbitral
Tribunal may be entered in any court having competent jurisdiction. 

75 

(j)
Except as required by Applicable Law or the rules of a stock exchange on which its securities are listed (or to which an application
for listing has been submitted), or as necessary for recognition and enforcement of the arbitral decision and award, neither a Party
nor an arbitrator may disclose the existence, content or results of any arbitration hereunder without the prior written consent of the
Parties. Any documents submitted to or issued by the Arbitral Tribunal shall be kept confidential and shall not be disclosed, except
that any such documents may be disclosed (i) as reasonably necessary in connection with any action to enforce or collect the award or
(ii) to the extent discoverable or admissible in any action arising out of or in connection with this Agreement. 

(k)
The (i) fees of the Arbitral Tribunal and (ii) costs and expenses of the arbitration will be shared equally by the Parties. The Parties
will otherwise bear their respective expenses (including their respective legal, expert and other fees, expenses and costs) of the arbitration. 

11.6.
Governing Law, Jurisdiction and Service . 

11.6.1.
Governing Law . This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York excluding any
conflicts or choice of law, rule or principle that might otherwise refer construction or interpretation of this Agreement to the substantive
law of another jurisdiction. The Parties agree to exclude the application to this Agreement of the United Nations Convention on Contracts
for the International Sale of Goods. 

11.6.2.
Jurisdiction . Subject to Section 11.5 and Section 11.9, the Parties hereby irrevocably and unconditionally consent to the exclusive
jurisdiction of the federal and state courts of the state of New York for any action, suit or proceeding (other than appeals therefrom)
arising out of or relating to this Agreement, and agree not to commence any action, suit or proceeding (other than appeals therefrom)
related thereto except in such courts, not to assert, as a defense in any action, suit or proceeding for the interpretation or enforcement
hereof, that it is not subject thereto or that such action, suit or proceeding may not be brought or is not maintainable in said courts
or that this Agreement may not be enforced in or by said courts. The Parties hereby consent to and grant any such court jurisdiction
over the person of such Parties and over the subject matter of any such dispute. 

11.6.3.
Waiver of Jury Trial . EACH PARTY ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT ANY CONTROVERSY THAT MAY ARISE UNDER THIS AGREEMENT IS LIKELY TO INVOLVE
COMPLICATED AND DIFFICULT ISSUES, AND THEREFORE EACH SUCH PARTY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT SUCH PARTY MAY
HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN RESPECT OF ANY LITIGATION DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS
CONTEMPLATED BY THIS AGREEMENT. EACH PARTY CERTIFIES AND ACKNOWLEDGES THAT: (A) NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER PARTY
HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PARTY WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER;
(B) EACH SUCH PARTY UNDERSTANDS AND HAS CONSIDERED THE IMPLICATIONS OF THIS WAIVER; (C) EACH SUCH PARTY MAKES THIS WAIVER VOLUNTARILY;
AND (D) EACH SUCH PARTY HAS BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN
THIS SECTION 11.6.3. 

11.6.4.
Venue . The Parties further hereby irrevocably and unconditionally waive any objection to the laying of venue of any action, suit
or proceeding (other than appeals therefrom) arising out of or relating to this Agreement in the federal and state courts of the state
of New York and hereby further irrevocably and unconditionally waive and agree not to plead or claim in any such court that any such
action, suit or proceeding brought in any such court has been brought in an inconvenient forum. 

11.6.5.
Service . Each Party further agrees that service of any process, summons, notice or document by registered mail to its address set
forth in Section 11.7.2 shall be effective service of process for any action, suit or proceeding brought against it under this Agreement
in any such court. 

76 

11.7.
Notices . 

11.7.1.
Notice Requirements . Any notice, request, demand, waiver, consent, approval or other communication permitted or required under this
Agreement shall be in writing, shall refer specifically to this Agreement and shall be deemed given only if delivered by hand or sent
by facsimile transmission (with transmission confirmed) or by internationally recognized overnight delivery service that maintains records
of delivery, addressed to the Parties at their respective addresses specified in Section 11.7.2 or to such other address as the Party
to whom notice is to be given may have provided to the other Party in accordance with this Section 11.7.1. Such notice shall be deemed
to have been given as of the date delivered by hand or transmitted by facsimile (with transmission confirmed) or on the second Business
Day (at the place of delivery) after deposit with an internationally recognized overnight delivery service. Any notice delivered by facsimile
shall be confirmed by a hard copy delivered as soon as practicable thereafter. This Section 11.7.1 is not intended to govern the day-to-day
business communications necessary between the Parties in performing their obligations under the terms of this Agreement. 

11.7.2.
Address for Notice . 

If
to the Licensee, to: 

Dr.
Reddy s Laboratories S.A. 

 Elisabethenanlage
11 

 4051
Basel, Switzerland 

 Attention:
 Executive Vice President, Proprietary Products 

 Facsimile: [ ] 

with
a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to: 

Dr.
Reddy s Laboratories, S.A. 

 Attention:
 Legal Affairs 

 Facsimile:
 [ ] 

If
to Eisai: 

Eisai
Co., Ltd. 
Koishikawa 4-6-10 
Bunkyo-Ku 
Tokyo 112-8088 
Japan 
Attention: President, Oncology Business Group 
Facsimile: [ ] 

with
copies to: 

Eisai
Co., Ltd. 
Koishikawa 4-6-10 
Bunkyo-Ku 
Tokyo 112-8088 
Japan 
Attention: General Counsel 
Facsimile: [ ] 

and 

Eisai
Inc. 
100 Tice Blvd. 
Woodcliff Lake, NJ 07677 
Attention: President 
General Counsel 
Facsimile: [ ] 

77 

11.8.
Entire Agreement; Amendments; Termination of Binding Term Sheet . 

11.8.1.
 This Agreement, together with the Schedules attached hereto, sets forth and constitutes the entire agreement and understanding between
the Parties with respect to the subject matter hereof, and all prior agreements, understandings, promises and representations, whether
written or oral, with respect thereto are superseded hereby (including the Binding Term Sheet). Each Party confirms that it is not relying
on any representations or warranties of the other Party except as specifically set forth in this Agreement. No amendment, modification,
release or discharge shall be binding on the Parties unless in writing and duly executed by authorized representatives of both Parties.
In the event of any inconsistencies between this Agreement and any schedules or other attachments hereto, the terms of this Agreement
shall control. For the avoidance of doubt, the all performances and activities (including payments) under the Original Agreement and
the Binding Term Sheet until the Effective Date shall be valid. 

11.8.2.
 The Parties mutually agree that the Binding Term Sheet is hereby terminated as of the Execution Date. 

11.9.
English Language . This Agreement shall be written and executed in, and all other communications under or in connection with this
Agreement shall be in, the English language. Any translation into any other language shall not be an official version thereof and, in
the event of any conflict in interpretation between the English version and such translation, the English version shall control. 

11.10.
Equitable Relief . Each Party acknowledges and agrees that the restrictions and obligations set forth in Section 2.6 and Article 6
and Article 7 are reasonable and necessary to protect the legitimate interests of the other Party and that such other Party would not
have entered into this Agreement in the absence of such restrictions and that any breach or threatened breach of any provision of such
Section or Articles may result in irreparable injury to such other Party for which there will be no adequate remedy at law. In the event
of a breach or threatened breach of any provision of such Section or Articles, the non-breaching Party shall be authorized and entitled
to obtain from any court of competent jurisdiction injunctive relief, whether preliminary or permanent, specific performance and an equitable
accounting of all earnings, profits and other benefits arising from such breach, which rights shall be cumulative and in addition to
any other rights or remedies to which such non-breaching Party may be entitled in law or equity. Both Parties agree to waive any requirement
that the other (a) post a bond or other security as a condition for obtaining any such relief and (b) show irreparable harm, balancing
of harms, consideration of the public interest or inadequacy of monetary damages as a remedy. Nothing in this Section 11.10 is intended
or should be construed, to limit either Party s right to equitable relief or any other remedy for a breach of any other provision
of this Agreement. 

11.11.
Change of Control. In the event of a Change of Control of the Licensee, if Eisai elects not to terminate pursuant to Section 10.2.6,
Eisai shall have the right, in its sole discretion, by written notice delivered to the Licensee (or its successor), to provide that the
Licensee no longer has the right to make the final decision on Unresolved JSC Matters that relate to the approval of any amendment to
the 302 Development Plan that is not required by the FDA in order to obtain or maintain an approved BLA for the Existing Licensed
Product for the CTCL Indication in the United States, in which case any such proposed amendment to the 302 Development Plan would
be deemed rejected if the Senior Officers are unable to reach a decision regarding such amendment within the applicable time period set
forth in Section 4.4.1. 

11.12.
Waiver and Non-Exclusion of Remedies . Any term or condition of this Agreement may be waived at any time by the Party that is entitled
to the benefit thereof, but no such waiver shall be effective unless set forth in a written instrument duly executed by or on behalf
of the Party waiving such term or condition. The waiver by either Party of any right hereunder or of the failure to perform or of a breach
by the other Party shall not be deemed a waiver of any other right hereunder or of any other breach or failure by such other Party whether
of a similar nature or otherwise. The rights and remedies provided herein are cumulative and do not exclude any other right or remedy
provided by Applicable Law or otherwise available except as expressly set forth herein. 

78 

11.13.
No Benefit to Third Parties . Except as provided in Article 9, covenants and agreements set forth in this Agreement are for the sole
benefit of the Parties and their successors and permitted assigns, and they shall not be construed as conferring any rights on any other
Persons. 

11.14.
Further Assurance . Each Party shall duly execute and deliver or cause to be duly executed and delivered, such further instruments,
and do and cause to be done such further acts and things, including the filing of such assignments, agreements, documents and instruments,
as may be necessary or as the other Party may reasonably request in connection with this Agreement or to carry out more effectively the
provisions and purposes hereof or to better assure and confirm unto such other Party its rights and remedies under this Agreement. 

11.15.
Relationship of the Parties . It is expressly agreed that Eisai, on the one hand, and the Licensee, on the other hand, shall be independent
contractors and that the relationship between the two (2) Parties shall not constitute a partnership, joint venture or agency. Neither
Eisai, on the one hand, nor the Licensee, on the other hand, shall have the authority to make any statements, representations or commitments
of any kind or to take any action that will be binding on the other Party without the prior written consent of the other Party to do
so. All persons employed by a Party shall be employees of such Party and not of the other Party and all costs and obligations incurred
by reason of any such employment shall be for the account and expense of such first Party. 

11.16.
References . Unless otherwise specified: (a) references in this Agreement to any Article, Section or Schedule shall mean references
to such Article, Section or Schedule of this Agreement; (b) references in any Section to any clause are references to such clause of
such Section; and (c) references to any agreement, instrument or other document in this Agreement refer to such agreement, instrument
or other document as originally executed or, if subsequently amended, replaced or supplemented from time to time, as so amended, replaced
or supplemented and in effect at the relevant time of reference thereto. 

11.17.
Construction . Except where the context otherwise requires, wherever used, the singular shall include the plural, the plural the singular,
the use of any gender shall be applicable to all genders and the word or is used in the inclusive sense (and/or). Whenever
this Agreement refers to a number of days, unless otherwise specified, such number refers to calendar days. The captions of this Agreement
are for convenience of reference only and in no way define, describe, extend or limit the scope or intent of this Agreement or the intent
of any provision contained in this Agreement. The terms including , include , or includes as
used herein shall mean including without limiting the generality of any description preceding such term. The language of this Agreement
shall be deemed to be the language mutually chosen by the Parties and no rule of strict construction shall be applied against either
Party. 

11.18.
Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in two (2) or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all
of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. This Agreement may be executed by facsimile, PDF format via email, or
other electronically transmitted signatures, and such signatures shall be deemed to bind each Party as if they were original signatures. 

[SIGNATURE
PAGE FOLLOWS.] 

79 

THIS
AGREEMENT IS EXECUTED by the authorized representatives of the Parties as of the date first written above. 

Eisai Co, Ltd. 
 
 Dr. Reddy s Laboratories S.A. 

By: 
 /s/
 [ ] 
 
 By: 
 /s/ Sameeer Natu 
 
 Name: 
 [ ] 
 
 Name: 
 Sameer Natu 
 
 Title 
 Corporate Officer, Chief Planning 
 
 Title 
 Sr. Director 

Date: 
 20/3/18 
 
 Date: 
 March 9, 2018 

By: 
 /s/ Mukundan Baprothan 

Name: 
 Mukundan Baprothan 

Title 
 Director 

Date: 

80 

</EX-10.31>

<EX-10.32>
 5
 f10k2021ex10-32_citiuspharma.htm
 AMENDMENT TO AMENDED AND RESTATED LICENSE, DEVELOPMENT AND COMMERCIALIZATION AGREEMENT

Exhibit 10.32 

Information in this exhibit marked [ ] has
been excluded pursuant to Regulation S-K, Item 601(b)(10). Such information is not material and is the type of information that the registrant
treats as private or confidential 

EXECUTION VERSION 

AMENDMENT TO AMENDED AND RESTATED LICENSE,
DEVELOPMENT AND COMMERCIALIZATION AGREEMENT 

This Amendment (the Amendment is made as of August 9, 2018, by between Eisai Co., Ltd., a Japanese corporation Eisai ), and Dr. Reddy s Laboratories
S.A., a Swiss company Licensee , and together with Eisai, the Parties , and each, a Party ). 

WHEREAS, the Parties have entered into that certain
Amended and Restated License, Development and Commercialization Agreement, dated as of February 26, 2018 (the Existing Agreement );
and 

WHEREAS, the Parties hereto desire to amend the
Existing Agreement on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein. 

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing
and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Parties agree as follows: 

1. Definitions .
Capitalized terms used and not defined in this Amendment have the respective meanings assigned to them in the Existing Agreement. 

2. Amendments
to the Existing Agreement . As of the Effective Date (defined below), the Existing Agreement is hereby amended or modified
as follows: 

(a) A
new definition is hereby added in alphabetical order as a new Section 1.88 of the Existing Agreement (and the subsequent Sections of Article
1 shall be renumbered accordingly), as follows: 

1.88. Final Comparability
Study Report means a written report prepared by Eisai s personnel that establishes analytical comparability of the Licensed
Product manufactured at Eisai s Raleigh facility in the U.S. with the Licensed Product manufactured at [ ] s facility in
Italy, that has been reviewed and accepted by both parties at a JMC meeting conducted for the purpose within [ ] ([ ]) calendar days
of Eisai sharing the report with the Licensee. 

(b) Section
5.1.2 of the Existing Agreement is hereby deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following: 

US [ ] million shall be due and
payable within [ ] ([ ]) days after review and acceptance by the JMC of the Final Comparability Study Report. 

3. Date
of Effectiveness; Limited Effect . This Amendment will be deemed effective as of the date first written above (the Effective
Date ). Except as expressly provided in this Amendment, all of the terms and provisions of the Existing Agreement are and will
remain in full force and effect and are hereby ratified and confirmed by the Parties. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing,
the amendments contained herein will not be construed as an amendment to or waiver of any other provision of the Existing Agreement or
as a waiver of or consent to any further or future action on the part of either Party that would require the waiver or consent of the
other Party. On and after the Effective Date, each reference in the Existing Agreement to this Agreement, the Agreement, 
 hereunder, hereof, herein, or words of like import, will mean and be a reference to the Existing
Agreement as amended by this Amendment. 

4. Miscellaneous . 

(a) This
Amendment is governed by and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York, without regard to the conflict of laws provisions
of such State. The Parties agree to exclude the application of this Amendment to United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International
Sale of Goods. 

(b) This
Amendment shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon each of the Parties and each of their respective permitted successors and
permitted assigns. 

(c) The
headings in this Amendment are for reference only and do not affect the interpretation of this Amendment. 

(d) This
Amendment may be executed in counterparts, each of which is deemed an original, but all of which constitute one and the same agreement.
Delivery of an executed counterpart of this Amendment electronically or by facsimile shall be effective as delivery of an original executed
counterpart of this Amendment. 

(e) This
Amendment constitutes the sole and entire agreement between the Parties with respect to the subject matter contained herein, and supersedes
all prior and contemporaneous understandings, agreements, representations, and warranties, both written and oral, with respect to such
subject matter. 

(f) Each
Party shall pay its own costs and expenses in connection with this Amendment (including the fees and expenses of its advisors, accountants,
and legal counsel). 

[REMAINDER OF PAGE
INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK] 

2 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have executed this Amendment as of
the Effective Date. 

EISAI CO., LTD. 

By 
 /s/ [ ] 

Name: 
 [ ] 

Title: 
 [ ] 

DR. REDDY S LABORATORIES S.A. 

By 
 /s/ Sameer Natu 

Name: 
 Sameer Natu 

Title: 
 Sr. Director, Finance 

By 
 /s/ B. Mukundan 

Name: 
 B. Mukundan 

Title: 
 Regional General Counsel 

3 

</EX-10.32>

<EX-10.33>
 6
 f10k2021ex10-33_citiuspharma.htm
 AMENDMENT NO. 2 TO AMENDED AND RESTATED LICENSE, DEVELOPMENT AND COMMERCIALIZATION AGREEMENT

Exhibit 10.33 

Information in this exhibit marked [ ] has
been excluded pursuant to Regulation S-K, Item 601(b)(10). Such information is not material and is the type of information that the registrant
treats as private or confidential. 

AMENDMENT NO. 2 TO AMENDED AND RESTATED LICENSE,
DEVELOPMENT AND 

 COMMERCIALIZATION AGREEMENT 

This AMENDMENT NO. 2 TO AMENDED
AND RESTATED LICENSE, DEVELOPMENT AND COMMERCIALIZATION AGREEMENT (this Amendment is dated as of August 31, 2021
(the Amendment Effective Date ), by and between Eisai Co., Ltd., a Japanese corporation Eisai ),
and Dr. Reddy s Laboratories S.A., a Swiss company Licensee , and together with Eisai, collectively, the Parties ,
and individually, a Party ). 

RECITALS 

WHEREAS, the Parties
entered into that Amended and Restated License, Development and Commercialization Agreement made and entered into as of February 26, 2018
by and between Eisai and the Licensee, as amended by that Amendment to Amended and Restated License, Development and Commercialization
Agreement made as of August 9, 2018 by and between Eisai and the Licensee (each of the foregoing, together with all other exhibits, attachments,
amendments and modifications thereto, collectively, the Agreement ); and 

WHEREAS , the Parties
further desire to amend the Agreement on the terms and subject to the conditions herein; and 

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration
of the mutual covenants and agreements contained herein, and intending to be legally bound hereby, the Parties hereto agree as follows: 

1.
 Definitions . Capitalized terms used and not defined in this Amendment have
the respective meanings assigned to them in the Agreement. 

2.
 Amendments to the Agreement . As of the Amendment Effective Date, the Existing
Agreement is hereby amended or modified as follows: 

(a) 
 Each of Section 10.2.6, Section 10.6 and Section 11.11 are hereby deleted in their entirety and replaced with [reserved] .
All references or cross references to such sections existing elsewhere in the Agreement shall also be deemed to be deleted. 

(i) 
 Section 2.3.1 of the Agreement is hereby amended by adding the words and subject to Section 2.3.1(d) immediately
following the phrase Subject to Section 2.3.2, 

1 

(b) Section
2.3.1 of the Agreement is hereby amended by adding the following new Section 2.3.1(d) 

(d) Notwithstanding anything to the
contrary provided herein, or elsewhere, following the payment by Licensee to Eisai of the first milestone payment set forth in the
table in Section 5.2.1 (First approval by the FDA of a Biologics License Application (submitted under subsection (a) of Section 351
of the PHSA) for a Licensed Product for the CTCL Indication) (the Approval Milestone Payment ), Licensee shall
not be required to obtain the prior written consent of Eisai in order to enter into any sublicense, and upon the Approval Milestone
Payment, Section 2.3.1(c) shall be amended to and replaced in its entirety with with respect to the Licensee, any other
Persons. 

(c) 
 Section 2.3.2 of the Agreement is hereby amended by deleting the last sentence in such section its entirety, and replacing it in
its entirety with the following: 

In the event
any such sublicensee commits or omits to do any act which would, if committed or omitted by a Party, be a material breach of this Agreement,
the Party granting such sublicense pursuant to Section 2.3.1 shall either (a) cure such breach in accordance with Section 10.2.1 of this
Agreement or (b) enforce its rights by terminating such sublicense agreement in accordance with the terms thereof. 

(d) 
 Section 3.1.1. of the Agreement is hereby amended by adding the following sentence after the last sentence: 

Notwithstanding
the foregoing, prior to the receipt of a Regulatory Approval of the Existing Licensed Product in the United States for the CTCL Indication,
either Party may conduct clinical studies at its own expense if approved by the JSC, provided such research does not have any impact on
the 302 Development Plan, BLA submission activities or the ability to obtain Regulatory Approval of the Existing Licensed Product
in the United States for the CTCL Indication. 

(e) 
 Section 3.1.4 (b) of the Agreement shall amended by deleting the phrase: within (i): 

(i) [ ] Dollars [ ]) in 302 Development Costs, with respect to the 302 Development Plan, as it exists as of the Original Effective
Date or as the 302 Development Plan may be amended to enable Eisai to provide the Licensee the deliverables set forth in 302
Development Plan as of the Original Effective Date in accordance with the timeframe set forth therein, or if FDA requires changes to
the 302 Development Plan due to changes in the manufacturing site. 

and replacing such
phrase with: 

(i) [ ] U.S. Dollars (US [ ]) in 302 Development Costs,
with respect to the 302 Development Plan, as amended. 

2 

The Parties hereby acknowledge and agree
that (i) [ ] U.S. Dollars [ ] of the 302 Development Costs have been paid by Dr. Reddy s Laboratories SA to Eisai (or
billed to Dr. Reddy s Laboratories SA, which billed amount is the obligation of Dr. Reddy s Laboratories SA and will be paid
to Eisai in accordance with the terms thereof); (ii) Dr. Reddy s Laboratories SA shall be responsible for the 302 Development
Costs with respect to the month of August 2021 (currently anticipated to be approximately [ ]) ((i) and (ii), in the aggregate the
 DRL Portion and which DRL Portion is, as of the Amendment Effective Date, approximately [ ] U.S. Dollars [ ]);
and (iii) Licensee shall have no obligation to pay any 302 Development Costs on or after the Amendment Effective Date that in the
aggregate exceeds an amount equal to [ ] U.S. Dollars [ ]), less the DRL Portion (such remaining amount is, approximately, as of
the Amendment Effective Date, estimated to be Two Million Six Hundred Fifty Thousand U.S. Dollars 2,650,000). 

(f) 
 Section 3.1.8 of the Agreement is hereby amended by adding the following language after the sentence beginning with Eisai
shall provide 

For purposes
of clarity, upon the transfer to Licensee from Eisai of all Development records as described in this Section 3.1.8 (including without
limitation any Regulatory Documentation), Licensee shall be solely responsible for further transferring such records to any subsequent
successor in interest including but not limited to an assignee of this Agreement, provided, however, that nothing herein shall prejudice
any other obligation of Eisai under any clause or Section in this Agreement, including the obligation for Eisai to maintain books and
records (including without limitation any Regulatory Documentation) and transferring any BLA or IND and any Regulatory Documentation relating
thereto directly to Licensee or its successor in interest, as applicable. In the event that any Regulatory Authority or similar governmental
authority makes a request with respect to any Development records, Eisai shall in good faith fulfill any request to provide such Development
records (including without limitation any Regulatory Documentation) as so requested by Licensee or any successor in interest of Licensee,
provided that Eisai shall be reimbursed for its costs at the FTE Rate. The foregoing payment obligation shall not apply to any records
(including without limitation any Regulatory Documentation) that are or will be transferred to Licensee or a successor in interest of
Licensee in connection with the transfer of any BLA or IND. 

(g) Section
3.2.2 (a) of the Agreement is hereby amended by deleting the last phrase of the paragraph beginning with unless and
until and ending the sentence immediately prior to such phrase. Immediately following such sentence, Section 3.2.2(a)
of the Agreement is hereby amended by adding the following new sentence: 

Additionally,
for purposes of clarity, Licensee shall be solely responsible for developing the Companion Diagnostic CDx and the Pediatric
Study Plan PSP ). 

(h) 
 Section 3.2.2 (c) of the Agreement is hereby deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following: 

Subject to
Section 3.2.2(d), either Licensee or Eisai (as applicable) shall notify the JDC reasonably in advance of the date of any anticipated
meeting with the FDA relating to the Existing Licensed Product for the CTCL Indication in the United States. The JDC shall agree in
advance on the objectives to be accomplished at, the agenda for, and, if appropriate, the script for, each such meeting. Upon
Licensee s request, Eisai shall, to the extent permitted by the FDA, attend meetings between Licensee and the FDA relating to
the Existing Licensed Product for the CTCL Indication in the United States and, if requested by Licensee, Eisai shall make available
all necessary representatives of Eisai to attend, and, to the extent provided in the applicable agreed agenda or script, participate
in such meetings. Licensee shall use good faith efforts to provide Eisai with an opportunity to be present at, to the extent
practical, any unscheduled or ad-hoc meetings with the FDA relating to the Existing Licensed Product for the CTCL Indication in the
United States (and Eisai shall attend such meetings that the Licensee requests Eisai to attend), provided that if an
applicable agenda or script is agreed to by both Parties prior to any unscheduled or ad hoc meetings, Eisai shall participate in
such meetings to the extent provided therein. 

3 

(i) 
 Section 3.2.3 of the Agreement is hereby deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following: 

3.2.3 Transfer of BLA and
INDs. 

(a)
INDs. Promptly following the BLA filing, Eisai shall assign and shall cause its Affiliates to assign, to the Licensee all of Eisai 
s and its Affiliates rights, title and interest in and to any INDs with respect to the Existing Licensed Product in the Licensee
Territory and all related Regulatory Documentation with respect thereto. During the [ ] ([ ]) months after any such assignment, at
the Licensee s reasonable request, Eisai shall provide the Licensee reasonable knowledge transfer and support as necessary for the Licensee
to Develop Licensed Products in the Field in the Licensee Territory or prepare, obtain and maintain any Regulatory Approvals for the Licensed
Products in the Field in the Licensee Territory; provided, however, that in no event shall Eisai be required to provide the Licensee
more than [ ] ([ ]) hours of such knowledge transfer and support. The Licensee shall reimburse Eisai for the FTE Costs incurred
and the direct out of pocket costs recorded as an expense, in accordance with GAAP, by or on behalf of Eisai or any of its Affiliates
pursuant to this section 3.2.3 within forty five (45) days of receipt of an invoice with respect thereto. Except as otherwise agreed by
the Parties, the JSC shall be responsible for discussing, planning and coordinating any technical transfer services. 

(b)
BLA. During the [ ] ([ ]) months leading up to the BLA filing, at the Licensee s reasonable request, Eisai shall provide the Licensee
reasonable knowledge transfer and support as necessary for the Licensee to Develop Licensed Products in the Field in the Licensee Territory
or prepare, obtain and maintain any Regulatory Approvals for the Licensed Products in the Field in the Licensee Territory; provided, 
that in no event shall Eisai be required to provide the Licensee more than seventy five (75) hours of such knowledge transfer and
support . For the avoidance of doubt, Eisai shall (i) prepare a full copy of the BLA for the Existing Licensed Product for the CTCL
Indication, (ii) upon Licensee s request, Eisai shall become the US agent of Licensee for BLA submission and manage all correspondence
with the FDA, (iii) coordinate with Licensee to prepare responses to the FDA, (iv) provide Commercially Reasonable Effort to support Licensee
in obtaining BLA approval, and (v) in the event that FDA issues a complete response identifying minor deficiencies with respect to the
BLA filed by Licensee with the FDA for the Existing Licensed Product for the CTCL Indication, then at the Licensee s option, Eisai
shall use Commercially Reasonable Efforts to support Licensee to resubmit such BLA to correct minor deficiencies (such support obligation
of Eisai shall apply with respect to additional FDA action). For clarity, Eisai s support obligations with respect to the transfer of
the Manufacturing Process shall be as set forth in Section 3.5.2. 

4 

(c) Within
[ ] ([ ]) days following the Amendment Effective Date of Amendment No. 2 to this Agreement, Eisai will submit to the EMA the transfer
of the Orphan Drug Designation to Licensee or its designee. In the event such submission of transfer does not occur within the specified
time frame Eisai shall have the right to withdraw the ODD. 

(d) The Licensee
shall reimburse Eisai for the FTE Costs incurred and the direct out-of-pocket costs recorded as an expense, in accordance with GAAP, by
or on behalf of Eisai or any of its Affiliates pursuant to this Section 3.2.3 within [ ] ([ ]) days after receipt of an invoice with
respect thereto. Save as otherwise agreed by the Parties, the JSC shall be responsible for discussing, planning and coordinating any technical
transfer services. 

(j) 
 The Agreement is hereby amended by adding the following new Section 3.2.9: 

Eisai shall use Commercially
Reasonable Efforts to complete the activities set forth in Schedule 3.2.9. The Licensee shall reimburse Eisai for the FTE Costs incurred
and the direct out-of-pocket costs recorded as an expense, in accordance with GAAP, by or on behalf of Eisai or any of its Affiliates
pursuant to this Section 3.2.9 within [ ] ([ ]) days after receipt of an invoice with respect thereto. 

(k) 
 Schedule 1.3 of the Agreement shall hereby be deleted in its entirety and replaced with a revised Schedule 1.3 attached hereto
as Exhibit A. 

(l) 
 Section 4.4.2 (a) of the Agreement is hereby deleted in its entirety by replacing the language (A) Eisai would need to hire
additional personnel to implement such amendment without impacting any other programs of Eisai or any of its Affiliates and replacing
such language with the following (A) Eisai would need to incur additional costs to implement such amendment without impacting any
other programs of Eisai or any of its Affiliates . 

(m) The
Agreement is hereby amended by adding the new Schedule 3.2.9 which is attached hereto as Exhibit B. 

(n) 
 Sections 3.5.3, 3.5.4 and 3.5.5 of the Agreement are hereby deleted in their entirety. Section 3.5.1 is hereby deleted in its entirety
and replaced with the following: Notwithstanding anything otherwise to the contrary in this Agreement, Eisai and Licensee shall
negotiate in good faith with the intention of entering into a definitive supply agreement (the Supply Agreement in accordance
with (and no less favorable to Licensee than) the Key Supply Terms attached hereto as Exhibit C, which Supply Agreement shall include
an associated quality agreement (the Quality Agreement ), pursuant to which Supply Agreement Eisai shall (subject to execution
of the FDB Agreement) supply Licensee with Licensee s requirements of finished Licensed Product for both clinical and commercial
uses during the term of the Supply Agreement. For the avoidance of doubt, in the event that Eisai is unable to finalize and execute the
FDB Agreement (as defined in Exhibit C), Eisai shall have no obligation to enter into the Supply Agreement; provided , that Eisai
shall use Commercially Reasonable Efforts to negotiate and enter into such FDB Agreement. If Eisai is unable to contract with FDB for
such supplies of Licensed Product (notwithstanding Eisai s use of Commercially Reasonable Efforts), then Eisai shall waive any restrictions
that would otherwise prohibit or restrict FDB from contracting directly with Licensee for such supplies of Licensed Product. 

3. 
 Upon the Amendment Effective Date, that Letter Agreement dated September 30, 2020 by and between Eisai and the Licensee is hereby
terminated in its entirety, and is of no further force and effect. 

5 

4. Date
of Effectiveness; Limited Effect . This Amendment will be deemed effective as of 12:00:01 AM Eastern Time on the Amendment
Effective Date. Except as expressly provided in this Amendment, all of the terms and provisions of the Agreement are and will remain
in full force and effect and are hereby ratified and confirmed by the Parties. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the
amendments contained herein will not be construed as an amendment to or waiver of any other provision of the Agreement or as a
waiver of or consent to any further or future action on the part of either Party that would require the waiver or consent of the
other Party, except as expressly set forth herein. On and after the Amendment Effective Date, each reference in the Existing
Agreement to this Agreement, the Agreement, hereunder, hereof, herein, 
or words of like import, will mean and be a reference to the Existing Agreement as amended by this Amendment. 

5. 
 Miscellaneous . 

(a) 
 This Amendment is governed by and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York, without regard to the conflict
of laws provisions of such State. The Parties agree to exclude the application of this Amendment to United Nations Convention on Contracts
for the International Sale of Goods. 

(b) 
 This Amendment shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon each of the Parties and each of their respective permitted successors
and permitted assigns. 

(c) 
 The headings in this Amendment are for reference only and do not affect the interpretation of this Amendment. 

(d) 
 This Amendment may be executed in counterparts, each of which is deemed an original, but all of which constitute one and the same
agreement. Delivery of an executed counterpart of this Amendment electronically or by facsimile shall be effective as delivery of an original
executed counterpart of this Amendment. 

(e) 
 This Amendment constitutes the sole and entire agreement between the Parties with respect to the subject matter contained herein,
and supersedes all prior and contemporaneous understandings, agreements, representations, and warranties, both written and oral, with
respect to such subject matter. 

(f) 
 Each Party shall pay its own costs and expenses in connection with this Amendment (including the fees and expenses of its advisors,
accountants, and legal counsel). 

[Remainder of page intentionally left blank.] 

6 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have executed this Amendment as of
the Amendment Effective Date. 

EISAI CO., LTD. 

By: 
 /s/ [ ] 

Name: 
 [ ] 

Title 
 [ ], Eisai 

DR. REDDY S LABORATORIES S.A. 

By: 
 /s/ Sameer Natu 

Name: 
 Sameer Natu 

Title 
 Finance Head 

By: 
 /s/ Patrick Aghanian 

Name: 
 Patrick Aghanian 

Title 
 Head of PPG 

7 

EXHIBIT A 

Schedule 1.3 

Amended 302 Development Plan as
of August 31, 2021 

Exhibit B 

Schedule 3.2.9 

Eisai BLA Related Matters 

Exhibit C 

Key Supply Terms 

8 

</EX-10.33>

<EX-21>
 7
 f10k2021ex-21_citiuspharma.htm
 SUBSIDIARIES

Exhibit 21 

 Listing of Subsidiaries 

Name of Subsidiary 
 
 Jurisdiction of Incorporation 
 
 Citius Pharmaceuticals, LLC 
 
 Massachusetts 
 
 Leonard-Meron Biosciences, Inc. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 NoveCite, Inc. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Citius Acquisition Corp. 
 
 Delaware 

</EX-21>

<EX-23.1>
 8
 f10k2021ex23-1_citiuspharma.htm
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

Exhibit 23.1 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-1 (No. s 333-224386, 333-226395, 333-230919,
333-233759, 333-237638 and 333-238975) and on Form S-3 (No s. 333-252561, 333-253179, 333-255005 and 333-256063) of Citius Pharmaceuticals,
Inc. of our report dated December 15, 2021, relating to the consolidated financial statements of Citius Pharmaceuticals, Inc., appearing
in the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2021. 

/s/ Wolf Company, P.C. 

Wolf Company, P.C. 

 Boston, Massachusetts 

 December 15, 2021 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 9
 f10k2021ex31-1_citiuspharma.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF THE PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE 

 SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

 I, Myron Holubiak, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Citius Pharmaceuticals, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period
covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible
for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal
control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have
disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the
audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 
 any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

December 15, 2021 
 By: 
 /s/ Myron Holubiak 

Myron Holubiak 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 10
 f10k2021ex31-2_citiuspharma.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit
31.2 

 CERTIFICATION
OF THE PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT
TO SECTION 302 OF THE 

 SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

 I,
Jaime Bartushak, certify that: 

1. I
 have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Citius Pharmaceuticals, Inc.; 

2. Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
 omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
 under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
 by this report; 

3. Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this
 report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
 and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The
 registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and
 maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
 and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
 Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

d) 
 disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The
 registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent
 evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
 and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
 the equivalent functions): 

a) all
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control
 over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
 ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
 role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

December 15, 2021 
 By: 
 /s/ Jaime Bartushak 

Jaime Bartushak 

Chief Financial
 Officer 

(Principal
 Financial Officer and Principal 
 Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 11
 f10k2021ex32-1_citiuspharma.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF THE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES OXLEY ACT OF 2002.

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION OF THE PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER
AND THE PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of Citius
Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2021 as filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), Myron Holubiak, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company,
and Jaime Bartushak, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, each hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. section 1350, as adopted pursuant
to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to his knowledge: 

(1) 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the
Company. 

Date: December 15, 2021 
 By: 
 /s/ Myron Holubiak 

Myron Holubiak 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer, Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

By: 
 /s/ Jaime Bartushak 

Jaime Bartushak 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 12
 ctxr-20210930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 13
 ctxr-20210930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 14
 ctxr-20210930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 15
 ctxr-20210930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 16
 ctxr-20210930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

