<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20211229_10-K_edgar_data_1844817_0000950159-21-000378.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3934832</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>353100</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>733083</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>866671</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>884776</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1027462</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000950159-21-000378.hdr.sgml : 20211229
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20211229172359
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950159-21-000378
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		52
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20210930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20211229
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20211229

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Armada Acquisition Corp. I
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001844817
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				853810850
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0930

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40742
		FILM NUMBER:		211529812

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2005 MARKET STREET, SUITE 3120
		CITY:			PHILADELPHIA
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			19103
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2676791808

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2005 MARKET STREET, SUITE 3120
		CITY:			PHILADELPHIA
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			19103

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000950159-21-000378.txt : 20211229

10-K
 1
 aaciu_10k.htm
 ARMADA ACQUISITION CORP. I FORM 10-K

UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

 For the fiscal year ended 

 or 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE
ACT OF 1934 

 For the transition period from ___________
to ___________ 

 Commission file number 

(Exact Name of Registrant
as Specified in Its Charter) 

State or Other Jurisdiction of 
 Incorporation or Organization 
 
 I.R.S. Employer Identification No. 

, 

Address of Principal Executive Offices 
 
 Zip Code 
 
 Registrant s telephone
number, including area code 

 Securities registered pursuant
to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 

Securities registered pursuant
to Section 12(g) of the Act: 

 None 

 (Title of Class) 

 Indicate by check mark
if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

 Indicate by check mark
if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

 Indicate by check mark
whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has
been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

 Indicate by check mark
whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of
Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). No 

 Indicate by check mark
whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging
growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting
company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 
 Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

Table of Contents 

If an emerging growth company,
indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial
accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

 Indicate by check mark
whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). No 

 The registrant was not
a public company at March 31, 2021, the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, and
therefore it cannot calculate the aggregate market value of its voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates at such date.
The registrant s units began trading on the Nasdaq Capital Market Nasdaq on August 17, 2021 and the registrant s
common stock began separate trading on Nasdaq on November 16, 2021. The aggregate market value of the registrant s common stock
outstanding, other than shares held by persons who may be deemed affiliates of the registrant, at December 8, 2021, computed by reference
to the closing price of the common stock reported on Nasdaq on such date, was approximately . 

 At December 8, 2021,
there were shares of Common Stock, 0.0001 par value per share Common Stock ), issued and outstanding which
includes shares of Common Stock underlying the Units sold in the registrant s initial public offering, and of which 
shares of Common Stock trade separately. 

Table of Contents 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 2 
 
 PART I 
 3 
 
 ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
 3 
 
 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 20 
 
 ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 44 
 
 ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 44 
 
 ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 44 
 
 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 44 
 
 PART II 
 45 
 
 ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 45 
 
 ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 
 46 
 
 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 46 
 
 ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURE ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 51 
 
 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 F-1 
 
 ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 72 
 
 ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 72 
 
 ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 72 
 
 PART III 
 73 
 
 ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 73 
 
 ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 80 
 
 ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 81 
 
 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 84 
 
 ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 
 86 
 
 PART IV 
 87 
 
 ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 87 
 
 ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 87 
 
 SIGNATURES 
 88 

Table of Contents 

Unless otherwise stated in this Annual Report
on Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2021 (this Form 10-K ), references to: 

Armada, we, us, company or our company are to Armada Acquisition
Corp., a Delaware corporation; 

Armada Team are to a group of business professionals that collectively own a substantial majority of our sponsor, including,
but not limited to, all of the members of our management team; 

Common Stock are to shares of common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, of Armada; 

founder shares are to shares of our Common Stock initially purchased by our sponsor in a private placement prior to
our initial public offering; 

initial stockholders are to holders of our founder shares prior to our initial public offering; 

management or our management team are to our executive officers and directors; 

public shares are to shares of our Common Stock initially sold as part of the units in our initial public offering (whether
they were purchased in our initial public offering or thereafter in the open market); 

public stockholders are to the holders of our public shares, including our initial stockholders and management team
to the extent they purchased public shares; 

public warrants are to the redeemable warrants sold as part of the units in our initial public offering (whether they
were purchased in the initial public offering or thereafter in the open market); 

sponsor is to Armada Sponsor LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, an entity affiliated with members of our management
team and other members of the Armada Team; and 

warrants are to our public warrants, which include the public warrants. 

1 

 Table of Contents 

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING
FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS 

 The statements contained
in this Form 10-K that are not purely historical are forward-looking statements. Our forward-looking statements include, but are not limited
to, statements regarding our or our management s expectations, hopes, beliefs, intentions or strategies regarding the future. In
addition, any statements that refer to projections, forecasts or other characterizations of future events or circumstances, including
any underlying assumptions, are forward-looking statements. The words anticipates, believe, continue, 
 could, estimate, expect, intends, may, might, plan, 
 possible, potential, predicts, project, should, would 
and similar expressions may identify forward-looking statements, but the absence of these words does not mean that a statement is not
forward-looking. Forward-looking statements in this Form 10-K may include, for example, statements about: 

our ability to complete our initial business combination; 

our success in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or directors following our initial business
combination; 

our officers and directors allocating their time to other businesses and potentially having conflicts of interest with our business
or in approving our initial business combination, as a result of which they would then receive expense reimbursements and other benefits; 

our potential ability to obtain additional financing to complete a business combination; 

our pool of prospective target businesses ; 

the ability of our officers and directors to generate a number of potential investment opportunities; 

potential changes in control of us if we acquire one or more target businesses for stock; 

our public securities potential liquidity and trading ; 

the lack of a market for our securities; 

our expectations regarding the time during which we will be an emerging growth company under the JOBS Act ;

our use of proceeds not held in the trust account; or 

our financial performance, including following our initial business combination. 

 The forward-looking statements contained in
this Form 10-K are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effects on us. There
can be no assurance that future developments affecting us will be those that we have anticipated. These forward-looking statements involve
a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) or other assumptions that may cause actual results or performance
to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include,
but are not limited to, those factors described under the heading Risk Factors . Should one or more of these
risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material respects from
those projected in these forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether
as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws. 

2 

 Table of Contents 

PART I 

 ITEM 1. BUSINESS 

 General 

 We are a newly organized
blank check company formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization
or similar business combination with one or more businesses, which we refer to as our initial business combination throughout this Annual
Report on Form 10-K. While we may pursue an initial business combination target in any business or industry, we intend to concentrate
our efforts identifying businesses in the FinTech industry with an enterprise value of approximately 500 million to 1.0 billion, with
particular emphasis on businesses that are providing digital, on-line or mobile payment solutions, processing and gateway services, point-of-sale
technologies, consumer engagement platforms, and ecommerce and loyalty solutions. 

 We believe the creation,
delivery and servicing of financial payment products and related services for consumers and businesses is undergoing continuous evolution,
which will further and dramatically develop in the years ahead. Amid an increased level of sophistication in financial technology and
services, we believe that there are many potential targets within the financial technology industry that could become attractive public
companies, and that many other potential targets will continue to emerge. These potential targets exhibit a diverse range of business
models and growth characteristics, ranging from high-growth companies to established firms with stable revenues and strong cash flow.
In addition, these businesses tend to have above-industry growth rates and would greatly benefit from access to public market capital
and management s extensive operational experience in both public and private companies. We believe our management team is well-positioned
to capitalize on these trends and to identify, acquire, and manage a business in the financial technologies industry that can benefit
from their operational, strategic, managerial and transaction experience, as well as their differentiated networks. 

 We are not, however, required
to complete our initial business combination with a financial technologies business and, as a result, we may pursue a business combination
outside of that industry. We will seek to acquire established businesses that we believe are fundamentally sound but potentially in need
of financial, operational, strategic or managerial redirection to maximize value. We may also look at earlier stage companies that exhibit
the potential to change the industries in which they participate and which will offer the potential of sustained high levels of revenue
and earnings growth. 

 On December 17, 2021, we
announced that we entered into a business combination agreement, dated as of December 17, 2021, with Rezolve Limited, a private limited
liability company registered under the laws of England and Wales Rezolve ), Rezolve Group Limited, a Cayman Islands
exempted company Cayman NewCo ), and Rezolve Merger Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation Rezolve Merger Sub (such business combination agreement, the Business Combination Agreement , and such business combination, the Business
Combination ). Pursuant to the terms of the Business Combination Agreement, Armada, Cayman NewCo, Rezolve and Rezolve Merger
Sub will effect a series of transactions, of among other things: 

A company reorganization pursuant to which Cayman NewCo will enter into a transfer and exchange agreement
(the Transfer and Exchange Agreement ), pursuant to which, each Key Company Shareholder (as defined in the Business
Combination Agreement) will transfer to Cayman NewCo his, her or its respective shares of Rezolve in exchange for ordinary shares in Cayman
NewCo, such that following the effectiveness of such transfers, the Key Company Shareholders will own the same proportionate equity interests
of Cayman NewCo that such Key Company Shareholders owned t immediately before such transfers (with the balance of the other shares of
Rezolve to be transferred to Cayman NewCo in exchange for an equivalent number and class of shares in Cayman NewCo) and, immediately thereafter,
each Key Company Shareholder will transfer to Cayman NewCo all of his, her or its respective shares of Cayman NewCo so received in exchange
for his, her or its applicable pro rata portion of the aggregate stock consideration in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth
in the Business Combination Agreement and in such Transfer and Exchange Agreement (with all other shareholders of Rezolve to transfer
to Cayman NewCo all of his, her or its respective shares of Cayman NewCo received in exchange for his, her or its applicable pro rata
portion of the aggregate stock consideration) (the Company Reorganization and 

3 

 Table of Contents 

following the Company Reorganization, but in no event earlier than ten (10) days following the effectiveness
of each of the transactions contemplated by the Company Reorganization: (a) Rezolve Merger Sub shall be merged with and into Armada whereupon
Rezolve Merger Sub will cease to exist and with Armada surviving the Merger as a subsidiary of Cayman NewCo and (b) Armada shall
loan all of its remaining cash in the Trust Account to Cayman NewCo in exchange for a promissory note, to enable Cayman NewCo to fund
working capital and transaction expenses. Pursuant to the Merger, all of the outstanding securities of Armada will be converted into the
right to receive an equivalent number of securities of Cayman NewCo of the same type and with the same terms. 

As a result
of the Business Combination (i) the shareholders of Rezolve will receive a number of Cayman NewCo ordinary shares equal to (A) the quotient
obtained by dividing (x) 1,750,000,000 by (y) 10.00 minus (B) the Outstanding Warrant Number (as defined in the Business Combination)
and minus (C) the Acquisition Shares (as defined in the Business Combination Agreement) (to the extent such Acquisition Shares are not
already issued on or prior to the Company Reorganization Date), and (ii) the combined company will pay or cause to be paid all of the
transaction expenses. The proposed business combination values Rezolve at a pro forma enterprise value of approximately 1.8 billion and
a pro forma market capitalization of approximately 2 billion. 

 Upon the closing of the transactions,
the combined company will be named Rezolve Group Limited and will continue to be listed on The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC under the new ticker
symbol ZONE. 

 Our Management Team 

 Our management team has
significant operational experience working as executives and advisors in the financial technologies industry, particularly in the FinTech
payments ecosystem. Our management team consists of seasoned leaders that have years of experience identifying and capitalizing on emerging
technological and secular trends across the financial technologies industry, building and scaling high growth FinTech companies, a history
of value creation in C-level operating roles in public companies, and delivering operational strategies designed to improve businesses
over the long-term. Our management team is experienced in a variety of delivery models, including direct-to-consumer and business-to-business
services as well as scalable networks, consumer engagement services, open platform technologies and robust ecosystems. Our management
team is also well-versed in the regulatory and quasi-regulatory landscape that directly and indirectly impacts the financial technologies
industry. In addition, our management team has significant transaction experience having executed and integrated numerous transactions
in the financial technologies industry as operators and advisors. Messrs. Stephen P. Herbert and Douglas M. Lurio, our Chief Executive
Officer and President, respectively, have worked together in the FinTech space for over 25 years. From 1996 to 2019, the two worked together
at USA Technologies, Inc. (which changed its name to Cantaloupe Inc. on April 15, 2021, NASDAQ: CTLP), a publicly traded FinTech company USAT ), of which Mr. Herbert served as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer for eight years (and as an executive officer
prior thereto) and Mr. Lurio served as outside general counsel for 29 years. While at USAT, the two were involved in the company s
private and public funding of over 390 million, including public financings in excess of 100 million, as well as the company s
acquisitions, including the company s nearly 90 million acquisition of Cantaloupe Systems, Inc. in November 2017. While Messrs.
Herbert and Lurio worked together at USAT, the company s revenues grew from approximately 80,000 to approximately 170 million
on an annualized basis, customer connections grew from 135 to 1.2 million, customers grew from approximately 135 to 20,000, annual transaction
processing dollars grew from a nominal amount to 1.73 billion, the number of annual customer transactions increased from a nominal amount
to nearly 890 million, recurring revenues on an annualized basis increased from a nominal amount to 140 million, and USAT attained its
largest market cap of nearly 1 billion as of August 17, 2018. 

4 

 Table of Contents 

During his tenure at USAT,
Mr. Herbert was recognized for his innovative leadership, including by Smart CEO, and as an EY Entrepreneur of the Year Finalist in the
Greater Philadelphia area, and USAT received the following awards: Frost and Sullivan for Customer Value Leadership in the Integrated
Financial Services and Retail Market, IoT Evolution Smart Machines Innovation, and a Deloitte Fast 500 Company. Previously, Mr. Herbert
was employed by Pepsi-Cola, the beverage division of PepsiCo, Inc. (Nasdaq: PEP), and was a Manager of Market Strategy at Pepsi-Cola from
1994 to April 1996, responsible for directing development of market strategy for the vending channel, and subsequently, the supermarket
channel for Pepsi-Cola in North America. Mr. Herbert resigned as Chief Executive Officer of USAT on October 17, 2019, and pursuant to
his separation agreement was engaged as a consultant to serve as a resource for the incoming interim Chief Executive Officer for a one
year period and was subject to a non-compete and a non-solicitation of clients, customers and employees during such one year period. Commencing
in October 2020, Mr. Herbert has focused on the business of our Company as our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. 

 As a result of adjustments
to previously reported revenues that were identified in connection with certain customer transactions, in February 2019, USAT determined
to restate certain of its financial statements. Subsequent thereto, and during the audit and restatement process, additional adjustments
related to financial reporting and accounting policy issues were identified which were unrelated to the foregoing adjustments. Based upon
these additional adjustments, USAT determined to restate additional financial statements. Due to the foregoing, USAT was not able to file
certain of its periodic reports within the time period required by Nasdaq, and USAT s shares were suspended from trading on Nasdaq
on September 26, 2019 and were subsequently relisted on Nasdaq. On October 9, 2019, USAT filed its outstanding periodic financial reports
and announced that it had raised 20 million in an equity funding and obtained a commitment from the investor to extend a 30 million
senior debt term loan facility. USAT has publicly disclosed that it has responded to a subpoena received from a regulatory agency that
sought records regarding prior financial reporting periods, including the aforementioned restatements. USAT indicated that it is cooperating
fully with the agency's requests. 

 Mr. Lurio is a former securities
and corporate law partner of the Dilworth Paxson law firm and has been the founder and President of the Lurio Associates, P.C. law
firm since 1991 which specializes in corporate and securities law. He was counsel and a Director of Moro Corporation (OTCQX: MRCR), a
Delaware corporation, which is in the construction contracting business, for 20 years from start-up founding in 1999 until July 2019.
Since 1989, he has also served as Secretary and Director of Elbeco Incorporated, a leading manufacturer of career apparel and uniforms
for first responders such as EMS personnel, police and firefighters. 

 In addition to Messrs.
Lurio and Herbert, our Board of Directors consists of Mohammad A. Khan, Celso L. White and Thomas (Tad) A. Decker. Our independent directors
have highly relevant experiences and skill sets, including prior independent Board experience at United States listed companies, significant
private and public equity, and capital markets experience, and international transaction and business development experience. 

 Mohammad A. Khan has been
an industry leader in the development and adoption of mobile payments, mobile/omni-channel marketing, efficient and secured payment infrastructure,
multi factor authentication, and technologies like NFC-contactless, QR codes, tokenization and Blockchain. He is currently the President
and a Board member of Omnyway, Inc. (previously OmnyPay), which he co-founded in August 2014, and which abstracts the complexities of
disparate digital wallet payment systems to enable elegant, flexible and scalable implementations in physical stores and online. He was
the President and Board member of ViVOtech (acquired by Sequent Software, Inc. in August 2012) from the time he founded it in May 2001
until August 2012. ViVOtech pioneered making a mobile device a viable payment media for consumers using Near Field Communications (NFC)
technology as well as making mobile an efficient marketing and advertising channel. While at ViVOtech, Mr. Khan assisted in enabling the
adoption of NFC mobile payments through shipping of more than 800,000 NFC POS readers to merchants globally and driving more than 20 field
trials of NFC mobile payments, coupons, and loyalty. From 1984 until 1998, he was part of the industry team at VeriFone (acquired by Hewlett
Packard in 1997) that lead the effort to make Magnetic Stripe Cards the primary payment media for in-store payments, Smart Cards to be
secured payment media for in-store payments, and the adoption of Internet payments and online e-commerce globally. From February 2014
to January 2021, Mr. Khan had been a Board advisor of Poynt Co. which offers an all-in-one omnicommerce payment solution and which was
acquired by GoDaddy, Inc. (NYSE: GDDY) in February 2021. He has served on the Boards of numerous Fintech companies, including as Chairman
of the Board of YellowPepper Holding Corporation from June 2015 to September 2018, which provided mobile payment solutions, and which
was acquired by VISA in October 2020. Mr. Khan is the inventor of more than 40 United States patents which have been granted by the United
States Trademark and Patent Office. 

5 

 Table of Contents 

Thomas (Tad) A. Decker
has significant experience in corporate finance, mergers and acquisitions, complex regulatory and legal issues, financial reporting and
accounting and controls. He has also served in senior leadership roles in a number of global organizations such as Cozen O Connor,
Asbury Automotive, Inc., Unisource Worldwide, Inc. and Saint-Gobain Corporation. Since 2013, he has been the Vice Chairman of Cozen O Connor,
a law firm with 30 offices and over 775 attorneys. He served as Chief Executive Officer of the firm from 2007 to 2012, and as Managing
Partner from May 2000 until 2004. From 2004 until 2007, he served as inaugural Chairman of the Pennsylvania Gaming Control Board following
the appointment by Pennsylvania Governor Edward G. Rendell. He served as General Counsel and Executive Vice President for Asbury Automotive,
Inc. from 1999 to 2000; General Counsel and Executive Vice President for Unisource Worldwide, Inc. (NYSE: UWW) from 1997 to 1999; and
General Counsel, Secretary, Acting CFO and Chief Operating Officer for Saint-Gobain Corporation from 1974 to 1997. He led the corporate
merger and acquisition activities during his tenures at Saint-Gobain Corporation and Unisource Worldwide, Inc. Since 2004, he has served
on the Board of Directors of Actua Corporation (Nasdaq: ACTA), including serving as a member of its Audit Committee, Compensation Committee
and Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee. He served as a Director and a member at various times of the Audit Committee and Compensation
Committee of Pierce Leahy Corporation (NYSE: PLH) from 1993 to 1999, and has served as a Board member of numerous nonprofit institutions. 

 Celso
L. White brings operational, industry, international business, strategic initiative, risk management and environmental and safety expertise
to the Board as well as public Board experience. From 2013 to December 2019, he served as Global Chief Supply Chain Officer at Molson
Coors Brewing Company (NYSE: TAP), one of the largest global brewers with more than 40 breweries in the United States, Canada, Europe
and India and worldwide distribution, and with annual net sales of approximately 10.6 billion during 2019. From 2010 to January 2013,
he was Vice President of International Supply Chain at Molson Coors. From 1998 to 2010, he was at PepsiCola (Nasdaq: PEP), leading the
R D process and manufacturing technology teams from 1998 to 2004, and then as Vice President and General Manager of Concentrate Operations,
responsible for the Americas and parts of Asia, from 2004 to 2010. He served in various senior operational roles at Silgin White Corp.
from 1984 until 1990, M M/Mars from 1990 until 1993, and Campbell Soup Company (NYSE: CPB) from 1993 until 1998. In January 2020,
he co-founded Igniting Business Growth LLC, a consultancy business. Since 2018, Mr. White has served as a Board member and a member of
the Compensation and Management Development Committee of CF Industries Holdings, Inc. (NYSE: CF), one of the world's largest manufacturers
and distributors of nitrogen fertilizer and other nitrogen products. He serves on the Board of Colorado UpLift, whose mission is to build
long-term, life-changing relationships with urban youth, based in Denver, Colorado. He is also a member of the Bradley University Board
of Trustees. 

 We believe that our management
team s extensive relationships across the financial technologies industries, comprehensive operating experience building leading
companies, transaction experience in acquiring and integrating businesses and focus on partnering with management teams to share our industry
knowledge and network of long-standing industry relationships will enable us to access premium acquisition opportunities, consummate an
initial business combination and facilitate innovative operational improvements and potential additional acquisitions post-close. Our
collective experience in addressing complex situations across consumer- and business-facing business models involving a variety of revenue
models and constituents, including the FinTech payment ecosystem and related consumer engagement platforms, and developing creative solutions
forms the foundation of our competitive advantage. 

6 

 Table of Contents 

Notwithstanding the foregoing,
the past performance of our management team is not a guarantee of either: (i) success with respect to any business combination we may
consummate; or (ii) success with respect to any business combination we may consummate. No member of our management team has had management
experience with any special purpose acquisition company in the past. You should not rely on the historical record of our management team s
performance as indicative of future performance. 

 For more information on
the experience and background of our management team, see the section entitled Management. 

 Business Strategy 

 We currently intend to
concentrate our efforts in identifying businesses in the FinTech industry with an equity value of approximately 500 million to 1.0 billion,
with particular emphasis on businesses that provide digital, on-line or mobile payment solutions, processing and gateway services, point-of-sale
technologies, consumer marketing platforms, and ecommerce and loyalty solutions. According to Pitchbook, global investment in financial
technology by venture capital and private equity firms has grown rapidly in recent years, increasing from nearly 14.8 billion in 2011
to 89.2 billion in 2019. From 2011 to 2019, 530.1 billion was invested in FinTech by venture capital and private equity firms in over
23,000 deals. Also, the technical and economic situation resulting from the Covid-19 pandemic is leading to further transformation in
the FinTech industry. There has also been a massive secular shift in the payment industry to an integrated payment model which includes
the enablement of payments within core business management software, simplifying payment acceptance, easing reconciliation, and enriching
system data. These enterprises often offer consumer engagement platforms by which these firms engage their customers and market and provide
related services to them. 

 Over the past several years,
there has been a rise in the level of sophistication and interconnectivity between innovative technology and financial services providers,
and we expect this trend to continue and accelerate. We believe that there are many potential targets within the FinTech space that could
become attractive public companies. These potential targets exhibit a broad range of business models and financial characteristics that
range from very high growth innovative companies to more mature businesses with established franchises, recurring revenues and strong
cash flows. 

 There has been significant
disruption and change in the delivery of financial services in recent years, including, among others: 

Retail banking (mobile payments, Neo-Banks); 

Payments processing for consumers and businesses, including unattended Point of Sale payment systems; 

Wealth management (robo advisors); 

Digital Marketing; 

Exchanges and trading platforms; 

Big data moving to the cloud, APIs, data security; and 

Digital assets and blockchain technology. 
 
 With increased adoption
of technology solutions by both consumers and businesses, we believe that the sector is poised for continued growth in both overall market
size and penetration. Key industry characteristics include long-term organic growth, attractive competitive dynamics and further consolidation
opportunities. Key business characteristics include high barriers to entry, low risk of technological obsolescence and public market-ready
scale. Key financial metrics include organic revenue growth, recurring revenues and strong cash flow conversion. 

7 

 Table of Contents 

We do not intend to limit
our search to one segment of the financial technologies ecosystem, but will instead target a wide variety of companies that deliver a
solution or product to the financial services end-market. We believe that our management s extensive experience and demonstrated
success in operating, advising and investing in businesses in this industry provides us with a unique set of capabilities that will be
utilized in generating stockholder returns. 

 We will seek to acquire
established businesses that we believe are fundamentally sound but potentially in need of financial, operational, strategic or managerial
improvements to maximize value. We will also look at earlier stage companies that exhibit the potential to change the industries in which
they participate and which offer the potential of sustained high levels of revenue growth. Consistent with our industry focus, we intend
to target financial technologies businesses that have strong management teams, demonstrated organic growth, and differentiated products
or services. Opportunities range from high-growth, customer facing technologies in payments, lending and digital assets to more mature,
high-margin, stable businesses which may be engaged in lending, asset management, or providing critical processing and support to established
financial services firms. 

 We believe that the wide
networks of our management team will deliver access to a broad spectrum of opportunities across the financial technologies landscape.
In addition to any potential business candidates we may identify on our own, we anticipate that other target business candidates will
be brought to our attention from various unaffiliated sources, including investment market participants, private equity funds, law firms,
accounting firms, and large business enterprises seeking to divest non-core assets or divisions. 

 Acquisition / Investment
Criteria 

 Consistent with our business
strategy, we have identified the following general criteria that we believe are important in evaluating prospective target businesses.
We will use these criteria in evaluating initial business combination opportunities, but we may decide to enter into our initial business
combination with a target business that does not meet these criteria. We expect that no individual criterion will entirely determine a
decision to pursue a particular opportunity. We intend to seek a business combination with a business that we believe: 

Is fundamentally sound and can unlock and enhance stockholder value through a combination with us, thereby offering attractive risk-adjusted returns for our stockholders; 

Is at an inflection point, such as requiring additional management expertise, and able to accelerate growth and financial performance through differentiated business models and the addition of our operational, financial, transactional and legal expertise and networks; 

Is in need of a flexible, creative or opportunistic structure where we can deliver additional value; 

Has a strong, experienced management team, or provides a platform to assemble an effective management team with a track record of driving growth and profitability; 

Can benefit from being a publicly traded company, with access to broader capital markets, to achieve the business growth strategy; 

Is poised to grow both organically through the application of technology, as well as inorganically, through bolt-on or transformational acquisitions; 

Has a leading or niche market position and demonstrates advantages when compared to competitors, which may help to create barriers to entry against new competitors; and 

Exhibits unrecognized value or other characteristics that we believe can be enhanced based on our analysis and due diligence review. 

8 

 Table of Contents 

We anticipate offering
the following benefits to our business combination partner: 

Partnership with our management team members who have extensive and proven experience in operating, leading, advising and investing in market-leading financial services and FinTech companies; 

Access to our deep and broad networks, insights and operational, financial, transactional, and legal and regulatory expertise; 

Increased company profile and improved credibility with investors, customers, suppliers and other key stakeholders; 

Higher level of engagement with core, relevant, fundamental investors as anchor stockholders than what a traditional IPO book-building process offers; 

Lower risk and expedited path to a public listing with flexible structuring; 

Infusion of cash and ongoing access to public capital markets; 

Listed public currency for future acquisitions and growth; 

Ability for management team to retain control and focus on growing the business; and 

Opportunity to motivate and retain employees using stock-based compensation. 
 
 These criteria are not
intended to be exhaustive. Any evaluation relating to the merits of a particular initial business combination may be based, to the extent
relevant, on these general criteria as well as other considerations and factors that our management team and advisors may deem relevant.
In the event that we decide to enter into our initial business combination with a target business that does not meet the above criteria
and guidelines, we will disclose that the target business does not meet the above criteria in our stockholder communications related to
our initial business combination, which, as discussed in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, would be in the form of proxy solicitation materials
or tender offer documents that we would file with the SEC. 

 Notwithstanding the foregoing,
these criteria and guidelines are not intended to be exhaustive. Any evaluation relating to the merits of a particular initial business
combination may or may not be based, to the extent relevant, on these general criteria and guidelines as well as other considerations,
factors, criteria and guidelines that our management may deem relevant. 

 We will have until 15 months
from the closing of our initial public offering to consummate an initial business combination. However, if we anticipate that we may not
be able to consummate our initial business combination within 15 months, we may extend the period of time to consummate a business combination
for three months (for a total of 18 months to complete a business combination) without submitting such proposed extension to our stockholders
for approval or offering our public stockholders redemption rights in connection therewith. Pursuant to the terms of our amended and restated
certificate of incorporation and the trust agreement between us and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, in order to extend
the time available for us to consummate our initial business combination, our sponsor or its affiliates or designees, upon ten days advance
notice prior to the applicable deadline, must deposit into the trust account 1,500,000, or up to 1,725,000 if the underwriters 
over-allotment option is exercised in full, or 0.10 per share. Any such payments would be made in the form of a loan made no later than
three business days prior to the 15-month anniversary of our initial public offering. Any such loans will be non-interest bearing and
payable upon the consummation of our initial business combination. If we complete our initial business combination, we would repay such
loaned amounts out of the proceeds of the trust account released to us. If we do not complete a business combination, we will not repay
such loans. Our sponsor and its affiliates or designees are not obligated to fund the trust account to extend the time for us to complete
our initial business combination. Up to 1,500,000 of the loans made by our sponsor, our officers and directors, or our or their affiliates
to us prior to or in connection with our initial business combination (including loans made to extend our time period for consummating
a business combination) may be convertible into shares of common stock at a price of 10.00 per share at the option of the lender. 

9 

 Table of Contents 

Our Acquisition Process 

 In evaluating a prospective
target business, we conduct thorough due diligence that encompasses, among other things, meetings with incumbent management and employees,
document reviews, inspection of facilities, as well as a review of financial and other information that will be made available to us.
We utilize our operational and capital allocation experience. We are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination with
a company that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors. In the event we seek to complete our initial business combination
with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors, we, or a committee of independent directors, will obtain an
opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions that our initial
business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. 

 Members of our management
team and our independent directors directly or indirectly own founder shares and/or private shares and, accordingly, may have a conflict
of interest in determining whether a particular target business is an appropriate business with which to effectuate our initial business
combination. Further, each of our officers and directors may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a particular business
combination if the retention or resignation of any such officers and directors was included by a target business as a condition to any
agreement with respect to our initial business combination. On December 17, 2021, we announced that we entered into the Business Combination
Agreement. Each of our officers and directors presently has, and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary or contractual
obligations to other entities pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity.
Accordingly, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for an entity to
which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations
to present such opportunity to such entity. We do not believe, however, that the fiduciary duties or contractual obligations of our officers
or directors will materially affect our ability to complete our business combination. 

 Initial Business Combination 

 Our initial business combination
must occur with one or more target businesses that together have an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 of the assets held in
the trust account (excluding deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on the income earned on the trust account) at the time
of the agreement to enter into the initial business combination. If our board is not able to independently determine the fair market value
of the target business or businesses, we will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent entity
that commonly renders valuation opinions with respect to the satisfaction of such criteria. 

 Effecting a Business Combination 

 General 

 We are not presently engaged
in, and we will not engage in, any substantive commercial business for an indefinite period of time. We intend to utilize cash derived
from the proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of private shares, our capital stock, debt or a combination of these in
effecting a business combination which has not yet been identified. Accordingly, investors are investing without first having an opportunity
to evaluate the specific merits or risks of any one or more business combinations. A business combination may involve the acquisition
of, or merger with, a company which does not need substantial additional capital, but which desires to establish a public trading market
for its shares, while avoiding what it may deem to be adverse consequences of undertaking a public offering itself. These include time
delays, significant expense, loss of voting control and compliance with various federal and state securities laws. In the alternative,
we may seek to consummate a business combination with a company that may be financially unstable or in its early stages of development
or growth. While we may seek to effect simultaneous business combinations with more than one target business, we will probably have the
ability, as a result of our limited resources, to effect only a single business combination. 

Selection of a Target
Business and Structuring of a Business Combination 

 Subject to our management
team s pre-existing fiduciary obligations and the limitations that a target business have a fair market value of at least 80 of
the balance in the trust account (excluding deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable) at the time of the execution of a definitive
agreement for our initial business combination, as described below in more detail, and that we must acquire a controlling interest in
the target business, our management will have virtually unrestricted flexibility in identifying and selecting a prospective target business. 

10 

 Table of Contents 

We have not established any specific attributes
or criteria (financial or otherwise) for prospective target businesses. In evaluating Rezolve, our management considered a variety of
factors, including one or more of the following: 

financial condition and results of operation; 

growth potential; 

brand recognition and potential; 

experience and skill of management and availability of additional personnel; 

capital requirements; 

competitive position; 

barriers to entry; 

stage of development of the products, processes or services; 

existing distribution and potential for expansion; 

degree of current or potential market acceptance of the products, processes or services; 

proprietary aspects of products and the extent of intellectual property or other protection for products or formulas; 

impact of regulation on the business; 

regulatory environment of the industry; 

costs associated with effecting the business combination; 

industry leadership, sustainability of market share and attractiveness of market industries in which a target business participates; and 

macro competitive dynamics in the industry within which the company competes. 
 
 These criteria are not
intended to be exhaustive. Any evaluation relating to the merits of a particular business combination will be based, to the extent relevant,
on the above factors as well as other considerations deemed relevant by our management in effecting a business combination consistent
with our business objective. In evaluating a Rezolve, we conducted an extensive due diligence review which encompassed, among other things,
meetings with incumbent management and inspection of facilities, as well as review of financial and other information which was made available
to us. This due diligence review was conducted by our management. 

11 

 Table of Contents 

Fair Market Value of
Target Business 

 Nasdaq listing rules require
that the target business or businesses that we acquire must collectively have a fair market value equal to at least 80 of the balance
of the funds in the trust account (excluding deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable) at the time of the execution of a definitive
agreement for our initial business combination. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if we are not then listed on Nasdaq for whatever reason,
we would no longer be required to meet the foregoing 80 fair market value test. 

 We currently anticipate
structuring a business combination to acquire 100 of the equity interests or assets of the target business or businesses. We may, however,
structure our initial business combination where we merge directly with the target business or a newly formed subsidiary or where we acquire
less than 100 of such interests or assets of the target business in order to meet certain objectives of the target management team or
stockholders or for other reasons, but we will only complete such business combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires
50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for
it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. Even if the post-transaction company owns
or acquires 50 or more of the voting securities of the target, our stockholders prior to the business combination may collectively own
a minority interest in the post-transaction company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the business combination
transaction. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new shares in exchange for all of the
outstanding capital stock of a target. In this case, we could acquire a 100 controlling interest in the target; however, as a result
of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares, our stockholders immediately prior to our initial business combination could own
less than a majority of our outstanding shares subsequent to our initial business combination. If less than 100 of the equity interests
or assets of a target business or businesses are owned or acquired by the post-transaction company, the portion of such business or businesses
that is owned or acquired is what will be valued for purposes of the 80 of trust account balance test. 

 The fair market value of
the target will be determined by our board of directors based upon one or more standards generally accepted by the financial community
(such as actual and potential sales, earnings, cash flow and/or book value). The proxy solicitation materials or tender offer documents
used by us in connection with any proposed transaction will provide public stockholders with our analysis of the fair market value of
the target business, as well as the basis for our determinations. If our board is not able to independently determine that the target
business has a sufficient fair market value, our charter requires that we will obtain an opinion from an unaffiliated, independent investment
banking firm, or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions, with respect to the satisfaction of such criteria.
We will not be required to obtain an opinion from an investment banking firm as to the fair market value if our board of directors independently
determines that the target business complies with the 80 threshold; however, our board may nevertheless choose to obtain such an opinion
in connection with any proposed transaction. 

Lack of Business Diversification 

 We may seek to effect a
business combination with more than one target business, although we expect to complete our business combination with just one business.
Therefore, at least initially, the prospects for our success may be entirely dependent upon the future performance of a single business
operation. Unlike other entities which may have the resources to complete several business combinations of entities operating in multiple
industries or multiple areas of a single industry, it is probable that we will not have the resources to diversify our operations or benefit
from the possible spreading of risks or offsetting of losses. By consummating a business combination with only a single entity, our lack
of diversification may: 

subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory developments, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact upon the particular industry in which we may operate subsequent to a business combination, and 

result in our dependency upon the performance of a single operating business or the development or market acceptance of a single or limited number of products, processes or services. 
 
 If we determine to simultaneously
acquire several businesses and such businesses are owned by different sellers, we will need for each of such sellers to agree that our
purchase of its business is contingent on the simultaneous closings of the other acquisitions, which may make it more difficult for us,
and delay our ability, to complete the business combination. With multiple acquisitions, we could also face additional risks, including
additional burdens and costs with respect to possible multiple negotiations and due diligence investigations (if there are multiple sellers)
and the additional risks associated with the subsequent assimilation of the operations and services or products of the acquired companies
in a single operating business. 

12 

 Table of Contents 

Limited Ability to
Evaluate the Target Business Management 

 Although we intend to scrutinize
the management of a prospective target business when evaluating the desirability of effecting a business combination, we cannot assure
you that our assessment of the target business management will prove to be correct. In addition, we cannot assure you that the
future management will have the necessary skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company. Furthermore, the future role
of our officers and directors, if any, in the target business following a business combination cannot presently be stated with any certainty.
While it is possible that some of our key personnel will remain associated in senior management or advisory positions with us following
a business combination, it is unlikely that they will devote their full-time efforts to our affairs subsequent to a business combination.
Moreover, they would only be able to remain with the company after the consummation of a business combination if they are able to negotiate
employment or consulting agreements in connection with the business combination. Such negotiations would take place simultaneously with
the negotiation of the business combination and could provide for them to receive compensation in the form of cash payments and/or our
securities for services they would render to the company after the consummation of the business combination. While the personal and financial
interests of our key personnel may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business, their ability to remain
with the company after the consummation of a business combination will not be the determining factor in our decision as to whether or
not we will proceed with any potential business combination. Additionally, we cannot assure you that our officers and directors will have
significant experience or knowledge relating to the operations of the particular target business. 

 Following a business combination,
we may seek to recruit additional managers to supplement the incumbent management of the target business. We cannot assure you that we
will have the ability to recruit additional managers, or that any such additional managers we do recruit will have the requisite skills,
knowledge or experience necessary to enhance the incumbent management. 

Stockholders May Not
Have the Ability to Approve an Initial Business Combination 

 In connection with any
proposed business combination, we will either (1) seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination at a meeting called for
such purpose at which stockholders may seek to redeem their shares, regardless of whether they vote for or against the proposed business
combination or do not vote at all, into their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account (net of taxes
payable), or (2) provide our stockholders with the opportunity to sell their shares to us by means of a tender offer (and thereby avoid
the need for a stockholder vote) for an amount equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account
(net of taxes payable), in each case subject to the limitations described herein. The decision as to whether we will seek stockholder
approval of a proposed business combination or will allow stockholders to sell their shares to us in a tender offer will be made by us,
solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the
transaction would otherwise require us to seek stockholder approval. If we determine to engage in a tender offer, such tender offer will
be structured so that each stockholder may tender all of his, her or its shares rather than some pro rata portion of his, her or its shares.
In that case, we will file tender offer documents with the SEC which will contain substantially the same financial and other information
about the initial business combination as is required under the SEC s proxy rules. Whether we seek stockholder approval or engage
in a tender offer, we will consummate our initial business combination only if we have net tangible assets of at least 5,000,001 immediately
prior to or upon consummation of such business combination and, if we seek stockholder approval, a majority of the outstanding shares
of common stock voted are voted in favor of the business combination. In the event that our anchor investors purchase all of the units
that they have collectively expressed an interest in purchasing in our initial public offering and vote their public shares in favor of
our initial business combination, no affirmative votes from other public stockholders would be required to approve our initial business
combination. However, because our anchor investors are not obligated to continue owning any public shares following the closing and are
not obligated to vote any public shares in favor of our initial business combination, we cannot assure you that any of these anchor investors
will be stockholders at the time our stockholders vote on our initial business combination, and, if they are stockholders, we cannot assure
you as to how such anchor investors will vote on any business combination. We have no specified maximum percentage threshold for redemptions
in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and even those public stockholders who vote in favor of our initial business
combination have the right to redeem their public shares. As a result, this may make it easier for us to consummate our initial business
combination. 

13 

 Table of Contents 

We chose our net tangible
asset threshold of 5,000,001 to ensure that we would avoid being subject to Rule 419 promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as
amended. However, if we seek to consummate an initial business combination with a target business that imposes any type of working capital
closing condition or requires us to have a minimum amount of funds available from the trust account upon consummation of such initial
business combination, we may need to have more than 5,000,001 in net tangible assets immediately prior to or upon consummation and this
may force us to seek third party financing which may not be available on terms acceptable to us or at all. As a result, we may not be
able to consummate such initial business combination and we may not be able to locate another suitable target within the applicable time
period, if at all. Public stockholders may therefore have to wait 15 months (or 18 months if we extend the period of time to consummate
a business combination) from the closing of our initial public offering in order to be able to receive a pro rata share of the trust account. 

 Our sponsor, officers and
directors have agreed (1) to vote any shares of common stock owned by them in favor of any proposed business combination, (2) not to redeem
any shares of common stock in connection with a stockholder vote to approve a proposed initial business combination and (3) not sell any
shares of common stock in any tender in connection with a proposed initial business combination. 

 None of our officers, directors,
sponsor, or their affiliates has indicated any intention to purchase units or shares of common stock from persons in the open market or
in private transactions. However, if we hold a meeting to approve a proposed business combination and a significant number of stockholders
vote, or indicate an intention to vote, against such proposed business combination or that they wish to redeem their shares, our officers,
directors, sponsor, or their affiliates could make such purchases in the open market or in private transactions in order to influence
the vote and reduce the number of redemptions. Notwithstanding the foregoing, our officers, directors, sponsor, and their affiliates will
not make purchases of shares of common stock if the purchases would violate Section 9(a)(2) or Rule 10b-5 of the Exchange Act, which are
rules designed to stop potential manipulation of a company s stock. 

 Redemption Rights 

 At any meeting called to
approve an initial business combination, public stockholders may seek to redeem their shares, regardless of whether they vote for or against
the proposed business combination or do not vote at all, into their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust
account as of two business days prior to the consummation of the initial business combination, less any taxes then due but not yet paid.
Alternatively, we may provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to sell their shares of our common stock to us through a tender
offer (and thereby avoid the need for a stockholder vote) for an amount equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on
deposit in the trust account, less any taxes then due but not yet paid. 

 Our sponsor, initial stockholders
and our officers and directors will not have redemption rights with respect to any shares of common stock owned by them, directly or
indirectly, whether acquired prior to our initial public offering or purchased by them in our initial public offering or in the aftermarket. 

 We may require public stockholders,
whether they are a record holder or hold their shares in street name, to either (i) tender their certificates to our transfer
agent or (ii) deliver their shares to the transfer agent electronically using Depository Trust Company s DWAC (Deposit/Withdrawal
At Custodian) System, at the holder s option, in each case prior to a date set forth in the proxy materials sent in connection with
the proposal to approve the business combination. 

 There is a nominal cost
associated with the above-referenced delivery process and the act of certificating the shares or delivering them through the DWAC System.
The transfer agent will typically charge the tendering broker a nominal amount and it would be up to the broker whether or not to pass
this cost on to the holder. However, this fee would be incurred regardless of whether or not we require holders seeking to exercise redemption
rights. The need to deliver shares is a requirement of exercising redemption rights regardless of the timing of when such delivery must
be effectuated. However, in the event we require stockholders seeking to exercise redemption rights prior to the consummation of the proposed
business combination and the proposed business combination is not consummated this may result in an increased cost to stockholders. 

14 

 Table of Contents 

Any proxy solicitation
materials we furnish to stockholders in connection with a vote for any proposed business combination will indicate whether we are requiring
stockholders to satisfy such certification and delivery requirements. Accordingly, a stockholder would have from the time the stockholder
received our proxy statement up until the vote on the proposal to approve the business combination to deliver his shares if he wishes
to seek to exercise his redemption rights. This time period varies depending on the specific facts of each transaction. However, as the
delivery process can be accomplished by the stockholder, whether or not he is a record holder or his shares are held in street
name, in a matter of hours by simply contacting the transfer agent or his broker and requesting delivery of his shares through
the DWAC System, we believe this time period is sufficient for an average investor. However, we cannot assure you of this fact. Please
see the risk factor titled In connection with any stockholder meeting called to approve a proposed initial business combination,
we may require stockholders who wish to redeem their shares in connection with a proposed business combination to comply with specific
requirements for redemption that may make it more difficult for them to exercise their redemption rights prior to the deadline for exercising
their rights for further information on the risks of failing to comply with these requirements. 

 In the event that our anchor
investors vote their public shares in favor of our initial business combination, no affirmative votes from other public stockholders would
be required to approve our initial business combination. However, because our anchor investors are not obligated to continue owning any
public shares and are not obligated to vote any public shares in favor of our initial business combination, we cannot assure you that
any of these anchor investors will be stockholders at the time our stockholders vote on our initial business combination, and, if they
are stockholders, we cannot assure you as to how such anchor investors will vote on any business combination. We intend to give not less
than 10 days nor more than 60 days prior written notice of any such meeting, if required, at which a vote shall be taken to approve our
initial business combination. These quorum and voting thresholds, and the voting agreement of our sponsor, may make it more likely that
we will consummate our initial business combination. Each public stockholder may elect to redeem its public shares irrespective of whether
they vote for or against the proposed transaction. 

 Any request to redeem such
shares once made, may be withdrawn at any time up to the vote on the proposed business combination or the expiration of the tender offer.
Furthermore, if a holder of public shares delivered his certificate in connection with an election of their redemption and subsequently
decides prior to the applicable date not to elect to exercise such rights, he may simply request that the transfer agent return the certificate
(physically or electronically). 

 If the initial business
combination is not approved or completed for any reason, then our public stockholders who elected to exercise their redemption rights
would not be entitled to redeem their shares for the applicable pro rata share of the trust account. In such case, we will promptly return
any shares delivered by public holders. 

 Liquidation if No Business
Combination 

 Our amended and restated
certificate of incorporation provides that we will have only 15 months (or 18 months if we extend the period of time to consummate a business
combination) from the closing of our initial public offering to complete an initial business combination. If we have not completed an
initial business combination by such date, we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as
reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem 100 of the outstanding public shares, at a per-share price,
payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including any interest not previously released to
us but net of taxes payable, divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public
stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any), subject to applicable
law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and
our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject (in the case of (ii) and (iii) above) to our obligations under Delaware law to
provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. 

15 

 Table of Contents 

Our sponsor, officers and
directors have agreed that they will not propose any amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation that would affect
our public stockholders ability to redeem or sell their shares to us in connection with a business combination as described herein
or affect the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete a business combination within
15 months (or 18 months if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination) from the closing of our initial public offering
unless we provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their shares of common stock upon such approval at a per-share
price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest not previously released
to us but net of franchise and income taxes payable, divided by the number of then outstanding public shares. This redemption right shall
apply in the event of the approval of any such amendment, whether proposed by our sponsor, executive officers, directors or any other
person. 

 Under the Delaware General
Corporation Law, stockholders may be held liable for claims by third parties against a corporation to the extent of distributions received
by them in a dissolution. The pro rata portion of our trust account distributed to our public stockholders upon the redemption of 100 
of our outstanding public shares in the event we do not complete our initial business combination within the required time period may
be considered a liquidation distribution under Delaware law. If the corporation complies with certain procedures set forth in Section
280 of the Delaware General Corporation Law intended to ensure that it makes reasonable provision for all claims against it, including
a 60-day notice period during which any third-party claims can be brought against the corporation, a 90-day period during which the corporation
may reject any claims brought, and an additional 150-day waiting period before any liquidating distributions are made to stockholders,
any liability of stockholders with respect to a liquidating distribution is limited to the lesser of such stockholder s pro rata
share of the claim or the amount distributed to the stockholder, and any liability of the stockholder would be barred after the third
anniversary of the dissolution. It is our intention to redeem our public shares as soon as reasonably possible following our 15 th 
month or if extended, 18 th month, and, therefore, we do not intend to comply with those
procedures. As such, our stockholders could potentially be liable for any claims to the extent of distributions received by them (but
no more) and any liability of our stockholders may extend well beyond the third anniversary of such date. 

Furthermore, if the pro
rata portion of our trust account distributed to our public stockholders upon the redemption of 100 of our public shares in the event
we do not complete our initial business combination within the required time period is not considered a liquidation distribution under
Delaware law and such redemption distribution is deemed to be unlawful, then pursuant to Section 174 of the Delaware General Corporation
Law, the statute of limitations for claims of creditors could then be six years after the unlawful redemption distribution, instead of
three years, as in the case of a liquidation distribution. 

 Because we will not be
complying with Section 280 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, Section 281(b) of the Delaware General Corporation Law requires us
to adopt a plan, based on facts known to us at such time that will provide for our payment of all existing and pending claims or claims
that may be potentially brought against us within the subsequent ten years. However, because we are a blank check company, rather than
an operating company, and our operations will be limited to searching for prospective target businesses to acquire, the only likely claims
to arise would be from our vendors (such as lawyers, investment bankers, etc.) or prospective target businesses. 

 We are required to seek
to have all third parties (including any vendors or other entities we engage after our initial public offering) and any prospective target
businesses enter into agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind they may have in or to any monies held
in the trust account. As a result, the claims that could be made against us will be limited, thereby lessening the likelihood that any
claim would result in any liability extending to the trust. We therefore believe that any necessary provision for creditors will be reduced
and should not have a significant impact on our ability to distribute the funds in the trust account to our public stockholders. Nevertheless,
Marcum LLP, our independent registered public accounting firm, and the underwriters of the offering, will not execute agreements with
us waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account. Furthermore, there is no guarantee that other vendors, service providers
and prospective target businesses will execute such agreements. Nor is there any guarantee that, even if they execute such agreements
with us, they will not seek recourse against the trust account. Our sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to ensure that the proceeds
in the trust account are not reduced below 10.00 per share by the claims of target businesses or claims of vendors or other entities
that are owed money by us for services rendered or contracted for or products sold to us, but we cannot assure you that it will be able
to satisfy its indemnification obligations if it is required to do so. We have not asked our sponsor to reserve for such indemnification
obligations, nor have we independently verified whether our sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and believe
that our sponsor s only assets are securities of our company. Therefore, we believe it is unlikely that our sponsor will be able
to satisfy its indemnification obligations if it is required to do so. Additionally, the agreement entered into by our sponsor specifically
provides for two exceptions to the indemnity it has given: it will have no liability (1) as to any claimed amounts owed to a target business
or vendor or other entity who has executed an agreement with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind they may have
in or to any monies held in the trust account, or (2) as to any claims for indemnification by the underwriters of our initial public offering
against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. As a result, if we liquidate, the per-share distribution
from the trust account could be less than 10.00 due to claims or potential claims of creditors. 

16 

 Table of Contents 

We anticipate notifying
the trustee of the trust account to begin liquidating such assets promptly after our 15 th 
month or if extended, 18 th month and anticipate it will take no more than 10 business
days to effectuate such distribution. The holders of the founder shares have waived their rights to participate in any liquidation distribution
from the trust account with respect to such shares. There will be no distribution from the trust account with respect to our warrants,
which will expire worthless. We will pay the costs of any subsequent liquidation from our remaining assets outside of the trust account.
If such funds are insufficient, our sponsor has contractually agreed to advance us the funds necessary to complete such liquidation (currently
anticipated to be no more than approximately 100,000) and has contractually agreed not to seek repayment for such expenses. 

 If we are unable to complete
an initial business combination and expend all of the net proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private shares,
other than the proceeds deposited in the trust account, and without taking into account interest, if any, earned on the trust account,
the initial per-share redemption price would be 10.00. As discussed above, the proceeds deposited in the trust account could become subject
to claims of our creditors that are in preference to the claims of public stockholders. 

Our public stockholders
shall be entitled to receive funds from the trust account only in the event of our failure to complete a business combination within the
required time period, if the stockholders seek to have us redeem or purchase their respective shares upon a business combination which
is actually completed by us or upon certain amendments to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation prior to consummating
an initial business combination. In no other circumstances shall a stockholder have any right or interest of any kind to or in the trust
account. 

 If we are forced to file
a bankruptcy case or an involuntary bankruptcy case is filed against us which is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the trust account
could be subject to applicable bankruptcy law, and may be included in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of third parties
with priority over the claims of our stockholders. To the extent any bankruptcy claims deplete the trust account, we cannot assure you
we will be able to return to our public stockholders at least 10.00 per share. 

 If we are forced to file
a bankruptcy case or an involuntary bankruptcy case is filed against us which is not dismissed, any distributions received by stockholders
could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy laws as either a preferential transfer or a fraudulent
conveyance. As a result, a bankruptcy court could seek to recover all amounts received by our stockholders. Furthermore, because
we intend to distribute the proceeds held in the trust account to our public stockholders promptly after 15 months (or 18 months if we
extend the period of time to consummate a business combination) from the closing of our initial public offering, this may be viewed or
interpreted as giving preference to our public stockholders over any potential creditors with respect to access to or distributions from
our assets. Furthermore, our board may be viewed as having breached their fiduciary duties to our creditors and/or may have acted in bad
faith, and thereby exposing itself and our company to claims of punitive damages, by paying public stockholders from the trust account
prior to addressing the claims of creditors. We cannot assure you that claims will not be brought against us for these reasons. 

17 

 Table of Contents 

Amended and Restated
Certificate of Incorporation 

 Our amended and restated
certificate of incorporation contains certain requirements and restrictions relating to our initial public offering that will apply to
us until the consummation of our initial business combination. These provisions cannot be amended without the approval of a majority of
our stockholders. If we seek to amend any provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation that would affect our public
stockholders ability to redeem or sell their shares to us in connection with a business combination as described herein or affect
the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete a business combination within 15 months
(or 18 months if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination) from the closing of our initial public offering, we
will provide dissenting public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares in connection with any such vote. This
redemption right shall apply in the event of the approval of any such amendment, whether proposed by our sponsor, any executive officer,
director or any other person. Our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed to waive any redemption rights with respect to any founder
shares and any public shares they may hold in connection with any vote to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation.
Specifically, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides, among other things, that: 

we shall either (1) seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination at a meeting called for such purpose at which stockholders may seek to redeem their shares, regardless of whether they vote for or against the proposed business combination or do not vote at all, into their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account (net of taxes payable), or (2) provide our stockholders with the opportunity to sell their shares to us by means of a tender offer (and thereby avoid the need for a stockholder vote) for an amount equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account (net of taxes payable), in each case subject to the limitations described herein; 

we will consummate our initial business combination only if we have net tangible assets of at least 5,000,001 immediately prior to or upon consummation of such business combination and, if we seek stockholder approval, a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock voted are voted in favor of the business combination; 

if our initial business combination is not consummated within 15 months (or 18 months if we extend the period of time to consummate
a business combination) from the closing of our initial public offering, then we will redeem all of the outstanding public shares and
thereafter liquidate and dissolve our company; 

upon the consummation of our initial public offering, 150.0 million shall be placed into
the trust account; 

we may not consummate any other business combination, merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar transaction prior to our initial business combination; and 

prior to our initial business
 combination, we may not issue additional stock that participates in any manner in the proceeds of the trust account, or that votes
 as a class with the common stock sold in our initial public offering on an initial business combination. 
 
 Competition 

 In identifying, evaluating
and selecting a target business, we may encounter intense competition from other entities having a business objective similar to ours,
including other blank check companies. Many of these entities are well established and have extensive experience identifying and effecting
business combinations directly or through affiliates. Many of these competitors possess greater technical, human and other resources than
us and our financial resources will be relatively limited when contrasted with those of many of these competitors. While we believe there
may be numerous potential target businesses that we could acquire with the net proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of
the private shares, our ability to compete in acquiring certain sizable target businesses may be limited by our available financial resources. 

18 

 Table of Contents 

The following also may
not be viewed favorably by certain target businesses: 

our obligation to seek stockholder approval of a business combination or engage in a tender offer may delay the completion of a transaction; 

our obligation to redeem or repurchase shares of common stock held by our public stockholders may reduce the resources available to us for a business combination; and 

our outstanding warrants, and the potential future dilution they represent. 
 
 Any of these factors may
place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating a business combination. Our management believes, however, that our
status as a public entity and potential access to the United States public equity markets may give us a competitive advantage over privately
held entities having a similar business objective as ours in acquiring a target business with significant growth potential on favorable
terms. 

 If we succeed in effecting
a business combination, there will be, in all likelihood, intense competition from competitors of the target business. We cannot assure
you that, subsequent to a business combination, we will have the resources or ability to compete effectively. 

 Facilities 

 We currently maintain our
principal executive offices at 2005 Market Street, Suite 3120, Philadelphia, PA 19103. The cost for this space is included in the 10,000
per-month fee to our sponsor. We will be charged for general and administrative services commencing on the date of this Annual Report
pursuant to a letter agreement between us and our sponsor. We believe, based on rents and fees for similar services, that the fee charged
by our sponsor is at least as favorable as we could have obtained from an unaffiliated person. We consider our current office space adequate
for our current operations. 

 Employees 

 We have two executive officers.
These individuals are not obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our matters and intend to devote only as much time as they
deem necessary to our affairs. The amount of time they will devote in any time period will vary based on whether a target business has
been selected for the business combination and the stage of the business combination process the company is in. Accordingly, once a suitable
target business to acquire has been located, management may spend more time investigating such target business and negotiating and processing
the business combination (and consequently spend more time on our affairs) than had been spent prior to locating a suitable target business.
We presently expect our executive officers to devote such amount of time as they reasonably believe is necessary to our business. We do
not intend to have any full-time employees prior to the consummation of a business combination. 

 Periodic Reporting and
Audited Financial Statements 

 We have registered our
units, common stock and warrants under the Exchange Act and will have reporting obligations, including the requirement that we file annual,
quarterly and current reports with the SEC. In accordance with the requirements of the Exchange Act, our annual report will contain financial
statements audited and reported on by our independent registered public accountants. 

 We will provide stockholders
with audited financial statements of the prospective target business as part of any proxy solicitation materials or tender offer documents
sent to stockholders to assist them in assessing the target business. These financial statements will need to be prepared in accordance
with or reconciled to United States generally accepted accounting principles or international financial reporting standards as promulgated
by the International Accounting Standards Board. We cannot assure you that any particular target business identified by us as a potential
acquisition candidate will have the necessary financial statements. To the extent that this requirement cannot be met, we may not be able
to acquire the proposed target business. 

19 

 Table of Contents 

We may be required to
have our internal control procedures audited for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2022 as required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. A target
company may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy of their internal controls. The development
of the internal controls of any such entity to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and costs necessary
to complete any such acquisition. 

 Legal Proceedings 

 There is no material litigation,
arbitration or governmental proceeding currently pending against us or any members of our management team in their capacity as such. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 

 You should consider carefully all of the
risks described below, together with the other information contained in this Form 10-K, before making a decision to invest in our securities.
This Form 10-K also contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially
from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements as a result of specific factors, including the risks described below. 

 Risks Relating to our
Search For, Consummation of, or Inability to Consummate, a Business Combination and Post-Business Combination Risks 

 If we are unable to
consummate a business combination, our public stockholders may be forced to wait more than 15 months (or 18 months if we extend the period
of time to consummate a business combination) before receiving distributions from the trust account. 

 We have 15 months from
the closing of our initial public offering (or 18 months if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination) in
which to complete a business combination. We have no obligation to return funds to investors prior to such date unless we consummate
a business combination prior thereto and only then in cases where investors have sought to redeem or sell their shares to us. Only
after the expiration of this full time period will public security holders be entitled to distributions from the trust account if we
are unable to complete a business combination. Accordingly, investors funds may be unavailable to them until after such date
and to liquidate your investment, public security holders may be forced to sell their public shares or warrants, potentially at a
loss. 

 Our public stockholders
may not be afforded an opportunity to vote on our proposed business combination. 

 We will either (1) seek
stockholder approval of our initial business combination at a meeting called for such purpose at which public stockholders may seek to
redeem their shares, regardless of whether they vote for or against the proposed business combination or do not vote at all, into their
pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account (net of taxes payable), or (2) provide our public stockholders
with the opportunity to sell their shares to us by means of a tender offer (and thereby avoid the need for a stockholder vote) for an
amount equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account (net of taxes payable), in each case
subject to the limitations described elsewhere in this Annual Report. Accordingly, it is possible that we will consummate our initial
business combination even if holders of a majority of our public shares do not approve of the business combination we consummate. The
decision as to whether we will seek stockholder approval of a proposed business combination or will allow stockholders to sell their shares
to us in a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors such as the timing of
the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would otherwise require us to seek stockholder approval. For instance, Nasdaq
rules currently allow us to engage in a tender offer in lieu of a stockholder meeting but would still require us to obtain stockholder
approval if we were seeking to issue more than 20 of our outstanding shares to a target business as consideration in any business combination.
Therefore, if we were structuring a business combination that required us to issue more than 20 of our outstanding shares, we would seek
stockholder approval of such business combination instead of conducting a tender offer. 

20 

 Table of Contents 

If we determine to
change our acquisition criteria or guidelines, many of the disclosures contained in this Annual Report would not be applicable and you
would be investing in our company without any basis on which to evaluate the potential target business we may acquire. 

 We could seek to deviate
from the acquisition criteria or guidelines disclosed in this Annual Report although we have no current intention to do so. Accordingly,
investors may be making an investment in our company without any basis on which to evaluate the potential target business we may acquire.
Regardless of whether or not we deviate from the acquisition criteria or guidelines in connection with any proposed business combination,
investors will always be given the opportunity to redeem their shares or sell them to us in a tender offer in connection with any proposed
business combination as described in this Annual Report. 

 If the net proceeds of our initial public
offering and the sale of the private shares not being held in trust are insufficient to allow us to operate for at least the next 15 months
(or 18 months if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination), we may be unable to complete a business combination. 

 Of the net proceeds of our initial public offering
and the sale of the private shares, only approximately 1,095,000 was available to us initially outside the trust account to fund our
working capital requirements. We believe that, such funds will be sufficient to allow us to operate for at least the 15 months from the
closing of our initial public offering (or 18 months from such date if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination);
however, we cannot assure you that our estimate is accurate. Accordingly, if we use all of the funds held outside of the trust account
and all interest available to us, we may not have sufficient funds available with which to structure, negotiate or close an initial business
combination. In such event, we would need to borrow funds from our sponsor, officers or directors or their affiliates to operate or may
be forced to liquidate. Our sponsor, officers, directors and their affiliates may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds, from time
to time or at any time, in whatever amount that they deem reasonable in their sole discretion for our working capital needs. Each loan
would be non-interest bearing and be evidenced by a promissory note. The notes would either be paid upon consummation of our initial business
combination, without interest, or, at holder s discretion, up to 1,500,000 of the notes may be converted into shares of common
stock at a price of 10.00 per share. 

 A provision of our warrant agreement may
make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination. 

 If: 

we issue additional shares of common stock or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of our initial business combination at an issue price or effective issue price of less than 9.20 per share of common stock, 

the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than 60 of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of our initial business combination on the date of the consummation of our initial business combination (net of redemptions), and 

the Market Value is below 9.20 per share, 
 
 then the exercise price of the warrants will
be adjusted to be equal to 115 of the higher of the Market Value and the price at which we issue the additional shares of common stock
or equity-linked securities. This may make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination with a target business. 

21 

 Table of Contents 

Our ability to successfully
effect a business combination and to be successful thereafter will be totally dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel, some of
whom may join us following a business combination. While we intend to closely scrutinize any individuals we engage after a business combination,
we cannot assure you that our assessment of these individuals will prove to be correct. 

 Our ability to successfully
effect a business combination is dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel. We believe that our success depends on the continued
service of our key personnel, at least until we have consummated our initial business combination. We cannot assure you that any of our
key personnel will remain with us for the immediate or foreseeable future. In addition, none of our officers is required to commit any
specified amount of time to our affairs and, accordingly, our officers will have conflicts of interest in allocating management time among
various business activities, including identifying potential business combinations and monitoring the related due diligence. We do not
have employment agreements with, or key-man insurance on the life of, any of our officers. The unexpected loss of the services of our
key personnel could have a detrimental effect on us. 

 The role of our key personnel
after a business combination, however, cannot presently be ascertained. Although some of our key personnel serve in senior management
or advisory positions following a business combination, it is likely that most, if not all, of the management of the target business will
remain in place. While we intend to closely scrutinize any individuals we engage after a business combination, we cannot assure you that
our assessment of these individuals will prove to be correct. These individuals may be unfamiliar with the requirements of operating a
public company which could cause us to have to expend time and resources helping them become familiar with such requirements. This could
be expensive and time-consuming and could lead to various regulatory issues which may adversely affect our operations. 

 Our officers and directors
may not have significant experience or knowledge regarding the jurisdiction or industry of the target business we may seek to acquire. 

 We may consummate a business
combination with a target business in any geographic location or industry we choose. We cannot assure you that our officers and directors
will have enough experience or have sufficient knowledge relating to the jurisdiction of the target or its industry to make an informed
decision regarding a business combination. 

 Our officers and directors
will allocate their time to other businesses thereby causing conflicts of interest in their determination as to how much time to devote
to our affairs. This could have a negative impact on our ability to consummate a business combination. 

 Our officers and directors
will not commit their full time to our affairs. We presently expect each of our officers and directors to devote such amount of time as
they reasonably believe is necessary to our business. We do not intend to have any full-time employees prior to the consummation of our
initial business combination. The foregoing could have a negative impact on our ability to consummate our initial business combination. 

 The representative
may have a conflict of interest in rendering services to us in connection with our initial business combination. 

 We have engaged the representative to assist
us in connection with our initial business combination. We will pay the representative a cash fee for such services in an aggregate amount
equal to up to 2.25 of the total gross proceeds of our initial public offering only if we consummate our initial business combination.
We will also pay the representative a separate capital market advisory fee of 2,500,000 upon completion of our initial business combination.
Additionally, we will pay the representative a cash fee equal to 1.0 of the total consideration payable in the proposed business combination
if the representative introduces us to the target business with which we complete a business combination. These financial interests may
result in the representative having a conflict of interest when providing the services to us in connection with an initial business combination. 

22 

 Table of Contents 

We may only be
able to complete one business combination with the proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private shares, which
will cause us to be solely dependent on a single business which may have a limited number of products or services. 

 It is likely we will consummate
a business combination with a single target business, although we have the ability to simultaneously acquire several target businesses.
By consummating a business combination with only a single entity, our lack of diversification may subject us to numerous economic, competitive
and regulatory developments. Further, we would not be able to diversify our operations or benefit from the possible spreading of risks
or offsetting of losses, unlike other entities which may have the resources to complete several business combinations in different industries
or different areas of a single industry. Accordingly, the prospects for our success may be: 

solely dependent upon the performance of a single business, or 

dependent upon the development or market acceptance of a single or limited number of products, processes or services. 
 
 This lack of diversification
may subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory developments, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact
upon the particular industry in which we may operate subsequent to a business combination. 

 Alternatively, if we determine
to simultaneously acquire several businesses and such businesses are owned by different sellers, we will need for each of such sellers
to agree that our purchase of its business is contingent on the simultaneous closings of the other business combinations, which may make
it more difficult for us, and delay our ability, to complete the business combination. With multiple business combinations, we could also
face additional risks, including additional burdens and costs with respect to possible multiple negotiations and due diligence investigations
(if there are multiple sellers) and the additional risks associated with the subsequent assimilation of the operations and services or
products of the acquired companies in a single operating business. If we are unable to adequately address these risks, it could negatively
impact our profitability and results of operations. 

 The ability of our
stockholders to exercise their redemption rights or sell their shares to us in a tender offer may not allow us to effectuate the most
desirable business combination or optimize our capital structure. 

 If our business combination requires us to use
substantially all of our cash to pay the purchase price, because we will not know how many stockholders may exercise redemption rights
or seek to sell their shares to us in a tender offer, we may either need to reserve part of the trust account for possible payment upon
such redemption, or we may need to arrange third party financing to help fund our business combination. In the event that the acquisition
involves the issuance of our stock as consideration, we may be required to issue a higher percentage of our stock to make up for a shortfall
in funds. Raising additional funds to cover any shortfall may involve dilutive equity financing or incurring indebtedness at higher than
desirable levels. This may limit our ability to effectuate the most attractive business combination available to us. 

 In connection with
any vote to approve a business combination, we will offer each public stockholder the option to vote in favor of a proposed business combination
and still seek redemption of his, her or its shares. 

 In connection with any vote to approve a business
combination, we will offer each public stockholder (but not our sponsor, officers or directors) the right to have his, her or its shares
of common stock redeemed to cash (subject to the limitations described elsewhere in this Annual Report) regardless of whether such stockholder
votes for or against such proposed business combination or does not vote at all. The ability to seek redemption while voting in favor
of our proposed business combination may make it more likely that we will consummate a business combination. 

23 

 Table of Contents 

The exercise of our initial stockholders 
discretion in agreeing to changes or waivers in the terms of the business combination may result in a conflict of interest when determining
whether such changes to the terms of the business combination or waivers of conditions are appropriate and in the best interests of our
stockholders. 

 In the period leading up to the closing of
the business combination, events may occur that, pursuant to the Business Combination Agreement, would require us to agree to amend the
Business Combination Agreement, to consent to certain actions taken by Rezolve, or to waive rights that we are entitled to under the Business
Combination Agreement. Such events could arise because of changes in the course of Rezolve s business, a request by Rezolve to undertake
actions that would otherwise be prohibited by the terms of the Business Combination Agreement, or the occurrence of other events that
would have a material adverse effect on Rezolve s business and would entitle us to terminate the Business Combination Agreement.
In any such circumstances, it would be at our discretion, acting through our board of directors, to grant its consent or waive those rights.
The existence of the financial and personal interests of our officers and directors described in the preceding risk factors may result
in a conflict of interest on the part of one or more of the directors between what they may believe is best for us and what we may believe
is best for ourselves in determining whether or not to take the requested action. 

 We do not have a specified maximum redemption
threshold. The absence of such a redemption threshold may make it easier for us to consummate a business combination even where a substantial
number of public stockholders seek to redeem their shares to cash in connection with the vote on the business combination. 

 We have no specified percentage threshold for
redemption in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. As a result, we may be able to consummate a business combination
even though a substantial number of our public stockholders do not agree with the transaction and have redeemed their shares. However,
in no event will we consummate an initial business combination unless we have net tangible assets of at least 5,000,001 immediately prior
to or upon consummation of our initial business combination. 

Our current stockholders will experience immediate dilution as a
consequence of the issuance of shares in Rezolve as consideration in the business combination. Having a minority share position may reduce
the influence that our current stockholders have on the management of Rezolve following the business combination. 

After the business
combination, assuming no redemptions of shares in Armada for cash and excluding any shares that may be issued pursuant to the
Purchase Price Adjustment, our current public stockholders will own approximately 7.5 of Rezolve, our sponsor will own
approximately 2.8 of Rezolve, our PIPE investors will own approximately 1 of Rezolve, and Rezolve s existing shareholders
(including its convertible noteholders) will own approximately 88.8 of Rezolve. The minority position of the former Armada
stockholders will give them limited influence over the management and operations of Rezolve following the business combination. 

Our current stockholders will experience significant dilution if
the public warrants are exercised. 

After the business combination, and assuming no redemptions
of shares in Armada for cash, our current public stockholders will own public warrants representing less than 0.5 of Rezolve on a fully-diluted
basis. If the public warrants are exercised, our current stockholders will experience significant dilution. 

24 

 Table of Contents 

In connection with
any stockholder meeting called to approve a proposed initial business combination, we may require stockholders who wish to redeem their
shares in connection with a proposed business combination to comply with specific requirements for redemption that may make it more difficult
for them to exercise their redemption rights prior to the deadline for exercising their rights. 

 In connection with any stockholder
meeting called to approve a proposed initial business combination, each public stockholder will have the right, regardless of whether
he is voting for or against such proposed business combination or does not vote at all, to demand that we redeem his shares into a pro
rata share of the trust account as of two business days prior to the consummation of the initial business combination. We may require
public stockholders who wish to redeem their shares in connection with a proposed business combination to either (i) tender their
certificates to our transfer agent or (ii) deliver their shares to the transfer agent electronically using the Depository Trust Company s
DWAC (Deposit/Withdrawal At Custodian) System, at the holders option, in each case prior to a date set forth in the tender offer
documents or proxy materials sent in connection with the proposal to approve the business combination. In order to obtain a physical stock
certificate, a stockholder s broker and/or clearing broker, DTC and our transfer agent will need to act to facilitate this request.
It is our understanding that stockholders should generally allot at least two weeks to obtain physical certificates from the transfer
agent. However, because we do not have any control over this process or over the brokers or DTC, it may take significantly longer than
two weeks to obtain a physical stock certificate. While we have been advised that it takes a short time to deliver shares through the
DWAC System, we cannot assure you of this fact. Accordingly, if it takes longer than we anticipate for stockholders to deliver their shares,
stockholders who wish to redeem may be unable to meet the deadline for exercising their redemption rights and thus may be unable to redeem
their shares. 

 If, in connection with any stockholder meeting
called to approve a proposed business combination, we require public stockholders who wish to redeem their shares to comply with specific
requirements for redemption, such redeeming stockholders may be unable to sell their securities when they wish to in the event that the
proposed business combination is not approved. 

 If we require public stockholders who wish to
redeem their shares to comply with specific requirements for redemption and such proposed business combination is not consummated, we
will promptly return such certificates to the tendering public stockholders. Accordingly, investors who attempted to redeem their shares
in such a circumstance will be unable to sell their securities after the failed acquisition until we have returned their securities to
them. The market price for our shares of common stock may decline during this time and you may not be able to sell your securities when
you wish to, even while other stockholders that did not seek redemption may be able to sell their securities. 

Because of our structure,
other companies may have a competitive advantage and we may not be able to consummate an attractive business combination. 

 We expect to encounter intense competition
from entities other than blank check companies having a business objective similar to ours, including venture capital funds, leveraged
buyout funds and operating businesses competing for acquisitions. Many of these entities are well established and have extensive experience
in identifying and effecting business combinations directly or through affiliates. Many of these competitors possess greater technical,
human and other resources than we do and our financial resources will be relatively limited when contrasted with those of many of these
competitors. While we believe that there are numerous potential target businesses that we could acquire with the net proceeds of our initial
public offering and the sale of the private shares, our ability to compete in acquiring certain sizable target businesses will be limited
by our available financial resources. This inherent competitive limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of certain
target businesses. Furthermore, seeking stockholder approval or engaging in a tender offer in connection with any proposed business combination
may delay the consummation of such a transaction. Additionally, our outstanding warrants, and the future dilution they potentially represent,
may not be viewed favorably by certain target businesses. Any of the foregoing may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully
negotiating a business combination. 

25 

 Table of Contents 

As the number of special
purpose acquisition companies evaluating targets increases, attractive targets may become scarcer and there may be more competition for
attractive targets. This could increase the cost of our initial business combination and could even result in our inability to find a
target or to consummate an initial business combination. 

 In recent years and specifically in the last
nine months, the number of special purpose acquisition companies that have been formed has increased substantially. Many potential targets
for special purpose acquisition companies have already entered into an initial business combination, and there are still many special
purpose acquisition companies seeking targets for their initial business combination, as well as many such companies currently in registration.
As a result, at times, fewer attractive targets may be available, and it may require more time, more effort and more resources to identify
a suitable target and to consummate an initial business combination. 

 In addition, because there
are more special purpose acquisition companies seeking to enter into an initial business combination with available targets, the competition
for available targets with attractive fundamentals or business models may increase, which could cause targets companies to demand improved
financial terms. Attractive deals could also become scarcer for other reasons, such as economic or industry sector downturns, geopolitical
tensions, or increases in the cost of additional capital needed to close business combinations or operate targets post-business combination.
This could increase the cost of, delay or otherwise complicate or frustrate our ability to find and consummate an initial business combination,
and may result in our inability to consummate an initial business combination on terms favorable to our investors altogether. 

 Changes in the market
for directors and officers liability insurance could make it more difficult and more expensive for us to negotiate and complete
an initial business combination. 

 In recent months, the market
for directors and officers liability insurance for special purpose acquisition companies has changed. The premiums charged
for such policies have generally increased and the terms of such policies have generally become less favorable. There can be no assurance
that these trends will not continue. 

 The increased cost and decreased
availability of directors and officers liability insurance could make it more difficult and more expensive for us to negotiate
an initial business combination. In order to obtain directors and officers liability insurance or modify its coverage as
a result of becoming a public company, the post-business combination entity might need to incur greater expense, accept less favorable
terms or both. However, any failure to obtain adequate directors and officers liability insurance could have an adverse
impact on the post-business combination s ability to attract and retain qualified officers and directors. 

In addition, even after we were to complete an
initial business combination, our directors and officers could still be subject to potential liability from claims arising from conduct
alleged to have occurred prior to the initial business combination. As a result, in order to protect our directors and officers, the post-business
combination entity would likely purchase additional insurance with respect to any such claims run-off insurance ). The need
for run-off insurance would be an added expense for the post-business combination entity, and could interfere with or frustrate our ability
to consummate an initial business combination on terms favorable to our investors. 

 We may issue our shares
to investors in connection with our initial business combination at a price that is less than the prevailing market price of our shares
at that time. 

 In connection with our initial
business combination, we may issue shares to investors in private placement transactions (so-called PIPE transactions) at a price of 10.00
per share or which approximates the per-share amounts in our trust account at such time. The purpose of such issuances will be to enable
us to provide sufficient liquidity to the post-business combination entity. The price of the shares we issue may therefore be less, and
potentially significantly less, than the market price for our shares at such time. 

26 

 Table of Contents 

We may be unable to
obtain additional financing, if required, to complete a business combination or to fund the operations and growth of the target business,
which could compel us to restructure or abandon a particular business combination. 

 Although we believe that the net proceeds of
our initial public offering and the sale of the private shares will be sufficient to allow us to consummate a business combination, we
cannot ascertain the capital requirements for any particular transaction. If the net proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale
of the private shares prove to be insufficient, either because of the size of the business combination, the depletion of the available
net proceeds in search of a target business, or the obligation to redeem into cash a significant number of shares from dissenting stockholders,
we will be required to seek additional financing. Such financing may not be available on acceptable terms, if at all. To the extent that
additional financing proves to be unavailable when needed to consummate a particular business combination, we would be compelled to either
restructure the transaction or abandon that particular business combination and seek an alternative target business candidate. In addition,
if we consummate a business combination, we may require additional financing to fund the operations or growth of the target business.
The failure to secure additional financing could have a material adverse effect on the continued development or growth of the target business.
None of our sponsor, officers, directors or stockholders is required to provide any financing to us in connection with or after a business
combination. 

 Our search for an initial
business combination, and any target business with which we ultimately consummate an initial business combination, may be materially adversely
affected by the recent coronavirus (COVID-19) outbreak and other events, and the status of debt and equity markets. 

 In December 2019, a
novel strain of coronavirus surfaced in Wuhan, China and has spread throughout the world, including the United States. On January 30,
2020, the World Health Organization declared the outbreak of the coronavirus disease (COVID-19) a Public Health Emergency of International
Concern. On January 31, 2020, the U.S. Health and Human Services Secretary declared a public health emergency for the United States
to aid the U.S. healthcare community in responding to COVID-19, and on March 11, 2020 the World Health Organization characterized
the outbreak as a pandemic . The COVID-19 outbreak has adversely affected, and other events (such as terrorist attacks, natural
disasters or a significant outbreak of other infectious diseases) could adversely affect, the economies and financial markets worldwide,
and the business of any potential target business with which we consummate an initial business combination could be materially and adversely
affected. Furthermore, we may be unable to complete an initial business combination if concerns relating to COVID-19 continue to restrict
travel, limit the ability to have meetings with potential investors or the target company s personnel, vendors and services providers
are unavailable to negotiate and consummate a transaction in a timely manner. The extent to which COVID-19 impacts our search for an initial
business combination will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including new information
which may emerge concerning the severity of COVID-19 and the actions to contain COVID-19 or treat its impact, among others. While vaccines
for COVID-19 are being, and have been, developed, there is no guarantee that any such vaccine will be durable and effective consistent
with current expectations and we expect that it will take significant time before the vaccines are available and accepted on a significant
scale globally. If the disruptions posed by COVID-19 or other events (such as terrorist attacks, natural disasters or a significant outbreak
of other infectious diseases) continue for an extensive period of time, our ability to consummate an initial business combination, or
the operations of a target business with which we ultimately consummate an initial business combination, may be materially adversely affected.
Finally, the outbreak of COVID-19 may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described in this Risks Factors 
section, such as those related to the market for our securities and cross-border transactions. 

In addition, our ability to consummate a transaction
may be dependent on the ability to raise equity and debt financing which may be impacted by COVID-19 and other events (such as terrorist
attacks, natural disasters or a significant outbreak of other infectious diseases), including as a result of increased market volatility,
decreased market liquidity in third-party financing being unavailable on terms acceptable to us or at all. 

27 

 Table of Contents 

Subsequent to the Closing, Rezolve may be required to take write-downs
or write-offs, restructuring and impairment, or other charges that could materially adversely affect its financial condition, results
of operations and stock price, which could cause you to lose some or all of your investment. 

We cannot assure you that the due diligence we conducted on Rezolve revealed
all material issues that may be present in Rezolve, that it would uncover all material issues through customary due diligence, or that
factors outside of our and Rezolve s control will not later arise. As a result, Rezolve may be forced to later write down or write
off assets, restructure its operations, or incur impairment or other charges that could result in losses. Unexpected risks may arise
and previously known risks may materialize in a manner not consistent with our preliminary risk analyses. Even though these charges may
be noncash items and not have an immediate impact on the liquidity of Rezolve, the incurrence of charges of this nature could contribute
to negative market perceptions about Rezolve or its securities. In addition, charges of this nature may cause Rezolve to be unable to
obtain future financing on favorable terms, or at all. 

 The requirement that
we complete an initial business combination within the prescribed period of time may give potential target businesses leverage over us
in negotiating a business combination. 

 We have 15 months (or 18 months if we extend
the period of time to consummate a business combination) from the closing of our initial public offering to complete an initial business
combination. Any potential target business with which we enter into negotiations concerning a business combination will be aware of this
requirement. Consequently, such target business may obtain leverage over us in negotiating a business combination, knowing that if we
do not complete a business combination with that particular target business, we may be unable to complete a business combination with
any other target business. This risk will increase as we get closer to the time limit referenced above. 

28 

 Table of Contents 

We may extend our time period to consummate
our initial business combination for an additional three months and accordingly have a total of 18 months from the closing of our initial
public offering to consummate a business combination without submitting such proposed extension to our stockholders for approval or offering
our public stockholders redemption rights in connection therewith. 

 We will have until 15 months from the closing of our
initial public offering to consummate an initial business combination. However, if we anticipate that we may not be able to consummate
our initial business combination within 15 months, we may extend the period of time to consummate a business combination by an additional
three months (for a total of 18 months to complete a business combination) without submitting such proposed extension to our stockholders
for approval or offering our public stockholders redemption rights in connection therewith. Pursuant to the terms of our second amended
and restated certificate of incorporation and subject to deposit of additional funds by our sponsor or its affiliates or designees into
our trust account as set forth thereunder, we may effectuate such extension without submitting such proposed extension to our stockholders
for approval or offering our public stockholders redemption rights in connection with the proposed extension. 

 We may not obtain a fairness opinion
with respect to the target business that we seek to acquire and therefore you may be relying solely on the judgment of our board of directors
in approving a proposed business combination. 

 We will only be required to obtain a fairness
opinion with respect to the target business that we seek to acquire if it is an entity that is affiliated with any of our sponsor, officers,
directors or their affiliates. In all other instances, we will have no obligation to obtain an opinion. Accordingly, investors will be
relying solely on the judgment of our board of directors in approving a proposed business combination if we do not obtain such an opinion. 

 Resources could be
spent researching acquisitions that are not consummated, which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire
or merge with another business. 

 It is anticipated that the
investigation of each specific target business and the negotiation, drafting, and execution of relevant agreements, disclosure documents,
and other instruments will require substantial management time and attention and substantial costs for accountants, attorneys and others.
If a decision is made not to complete a specific business combination, the costs incurred up to that point for the proposed transaction
likely would not be recoverable. Furthermore, even if an agreement is reached relating to a specific target business, we may fail to consummate
the business combination for any number of reasons including those beyond our control. Any such event will result in a loss to us of the
related costs incurred which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with another business. 

 If we effect a business
combination with a company located in a foreign jurisdiction, we would be subject to a variety of additional risks that may negatively
impact our operations. 

 If we consummate a business
combination with a target business in a foreign country, we would be subject to any special considerations or risks associated with companies
operating in the target business home jurisdiction, including any of the following: 

rules and regulations or currency conversion or corporate withholding taxes on individuals; 

tariffs and trade barriers; 

regulations related to customs and import/export matters; 

longer payment cycles; 

tax issues, such as tax law changes and variations in tax laws as compared to the United States; 

currency fluctuations and exchange controls; 

29 

 Table of Contents 

challenges in collecting accounts receivable; 

cultural and language differences; 

employment regulations; 

crime, strikes, riots, civil disturbances, terrorist attacks and wars; and 

deterioration of political relations with the United States. 
 
 We cannot assure you that
we would be able to adequately address these additional risks. If we were unable to do so, our operations might suffer. 

 If we effect a business
combination with a company located outside of the United States, the laws applicable to such company will likely govern all of our
material agreements and we may not be able to enforce our legal rights. 

 If we effect a business combination
with a company located outside of the United States, the laws of the country in which such company operates will govern almost all
of the material agreements relating to its operations. We cannot assure you that the target business will be able to enforce any of its
material agreements or that remedies will be available in this new jurisdiction. The system of laws and the enforcement of existing laws
in such jurisdiction may not be as certain in implementation and interpretation as in the United States. The inability to enforce
or obtain a remedy under any of our future agreements could result in a significant loss of business, business opportunities or capital.
Additionally, if we acquire a company located outside of the United States, it is likely that substantially all of our assets would
be located outside of the United States and some of our officers and directors might reside outside of the United States. As
a result, it may not be possible for investors in the United States to enforce their legal rights, to effect service of process upon
our directors or officers or to enforce judgments of United States courts predicated upon civil liabilities and criminal penalties
of our directors and officers under federal securities laws. 

 Because we must furnish
our stockholders with target business financial statements prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles or
international financial reporting standards, we will not be able to complete a business combination with prospective target businesses
unless their financial statements are prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles or international financial
reporting standards. 

 The federal proxy rules require
that a proxy statement with respect to a vote on a business combination meeting certain financial significance tests include historical
and/or pro forma financial statement disclosure in periodic reports. These financial statements may be required to be prepared in accordance
with, or be reconciled to, accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, or GAAP, or international financial
reporting standards, or IFRS, depending on the circumstances, and the historical financial statements may be required to be audited in
accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), or PCAOB. We will include the same
financial statement disclosure in connection with any tender offer documents we use, whether or not they are required under the tender
offer rules. Additionally, to the extent we furnish our stockholders with financial statements prepared in accordance with IFRS, such
financial statements will need to be audited in accordance with U.S. GAAP at the time of the consummation of the business combination.
These financial statement requirements may limit the pool of potential target businesses we may acquire. 

 Risks Relating to Our
Sponsor and Management Team 

 Past performance by
our management team or their affiliates may not be indicative of future performance of an investment in us. 

 Information regarding performance
by, or businesses associated with, our management team or their affiliates, is presented for informational purposes only. Any past experience
of and performance by our management team or their affiliates is not a guarantee either: (1) that we will be able to successfully
identify a suitable candidate for our initial business combination; or (2) of any results with respect to any initial business combination
we may consummate. You should not rely on the historical record of our management team as indicative of the future performance of an investment
in us or the returns we will, or are likely to, generate going forward. 

30 

 Table of Contents 

Our key personnel may
negotiate employment or consulting agreements with a target business in connection with a particular business combination. These agreements
may provide for them to receive compensation following a business combination and as a result, may cause them to have conflicts of interest
in determining whether a particular business combination is the most advantageous. 

 Our key personnel will be
able to remain with the company after the consummation of a business combination only if they are able to negotiate employment or consulting
agreements or other appropriate arrangements in connection with the business combination. Such negotiations would take place simultaneously
with the negotiation of the business combination and could provide for such individuals to receive compensation in the form of cash payments
and/or our securities for services they would render to the company after the consummation of the business combination. The personal and
financial interests of such individuals may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business. 

Resolve s management
team has limited experience managing a public company. 

 The current members of
Rezolve s management team have limited experience managing a U.S. publicly-traded company, and most do not have experience
interacting with public company investors and complying with the complex laws, rules and regulations that govern public companies.
The management team in place following the business combination may not be able to successfully or efficiently manage
Rezolve s transition to being a public company. 

As a public company, Rezolve will
be subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and the NYSE Rules. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires,
among other things, that a company maintain effective disclosure controls and procedures DCP and internal controls over
financial reporting ICFR ). The management team s limited experience operating a public company may result in operational
inefficiencies or errors, or a failure to improve or maintain effective ICFR and DCP necessary to ensure timely and accurate reporting
of operational and financial results. To date, Rezolve s management team has not had to conduct a review of its DCP and ICFR for
the purposes of such reporting requirements, and Rezolve s management team will need to devote a substantial amount of time to these
compliance initiatives and may need to add personnel in areas such as accounting, financial reporting, investor relations and legal in
connection with operations as a public company. Ensuring that Rezolve has adequate internal financial and accounting controls and procedures
in place is a costly and time consuming effort that needs to be reevaluated frequently. Rezolve s compliance with existing and evolving
regulatory requirements will result in increased administrative expenses and a diversion of management s time and attention. 

Additionally,
pursuant to Sections 302 and 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act Section 404 ), Rezolve will be required to furnish certain certifications
and reports by its management on its ICFR, which, after it is no longer an emerging growth company, must be accompanied by an attestation
report on ICFR issued by its independent registered public accounting firm. To achieve compliance with Section 404 within the prescribed
period, Rezolve will document and evaluate its ICFR, which is both costly and challenging. Implementing any appropriate changes to its
internal controls may require specific compliance training for Rezolve s directors, officers and employees, entail substantial costs
to modify its existing accounting systems, and take a significant period of time to complete. Such changes may not, however, be effective
in maintaining the adequacy of its ICFR, and any failure to maintain that adequacy, or consequent inability to produce accurate financial
statements on a timely basis, could increase its operating costs and could materially impair its ability to operate its business. Moreover,
effective internal controls are necessary for Rezolve to produce reliable and timely financial reports and are important to help prevent
fraud. Any failure by Rezolve to file its periodic reports in a timely manner may cause investors to lose confidence in its reported financial
information and may lead to a decline in the price of its common stock. 

31 

 Table of Contents 

Our directors may decide
not to enforce our sponsor s indemnification obligations, resulting in a reduction in the amount of funds in the trust account available
for distribution to our public stockholders. 

 In the event that the proceeds
in the trust account are reduced below 10.00 per public share and our sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy its obligations or
that it has no indemnification obligations related to a particular claim, our independent directors would determine whether to take legal
action against our sponsor to enforce such indemnification obligations. It is possible that our independent directors in exercising their
business judgment may choose not to do so in any particular instance. Additionally, each of our independent directors is a member of our
sponsor. As a result, they may have a conflict of interest in determining whether to enforce our sponsor s indemnification obligations.
If our independent directors choose not to enforce these indemnification obligations, the amount of funds in the trust account available
for distribution to our public stockholders may be reduced below 10.00 per share. 

 Our officers and directors
may have a conflict of interest in determining whether a particular target business is appropriate for a business combination. 

 Our sponsor has waived its right to redeem
its founder shares or any other shares purchased in our initial public offering or thereafter, or to receive distributions from the trust
account with respect to its founder shares upon our liquidation if we are unable to consummate a business combination. Accordingly, the
shares acquired prior our initial public offering, as well as any private shares purchased by our officers or directors, will be worthless
if we do not consummate a business combination. The personal and financial interests of our directors and officers may influence their
motivation in timely identifying and selecting a target business and completing a business combination and in determining whether the
terms, conditions and timing of a particular business combination are appropriate and in our stockholders best interest. 

 Our officers and directors
or their affiliates have pre-existing fiduciary and contractual obligations and may in the future become affiliated with other entities
engaged in business activities similar to those intended to be conducted by us. Accordingly, they may have conflicts of interest in determining
to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. 

 Our officers and directors
or their affiliates have pre-existing fiduciary and contractual obligations to other companies. Accordingly, they may participate in transactions
and have obligations that may be in conflict or competition with our consummation of our initial business combination. As a result, a
potential target business may be presented by our management team to another entity prior to its presentation to us and we may not be
afforded the opportunity to engage in a transaction with such target business. Additionally, our officers and directors may in the future
become affiliated with entities that are engaged in a similar business, including another blank check company that may have acquisition
objectives that are similar to ours. Accordingly, they may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business
opportunity should be presented. These conflicts may not be resolved in our favor and a potential target business may be presented to
other entities prior to its presentation to us, subject to our officers and directors fiduciary duties under Delaware law.
For a more detailed description of our officers and directors business affiliations and the potential conflicts of interest
that you should be aware of, see the sections titled Management Directors and Executive Officers 
and Management Conflicts of Interest . 

32 

 Table of Contents 

Our initial stockholders will control
a substantial interest in us and thus may influence certain actions requiring a stockholder vote, in particular because our initial shareholders
will own a higher interest in us than most other similarly structured blank check companies. 

 Upon consummation of our initial public offering,
our initial stockholders owned approximately 28 of our issued and outstanding shares of common stock (assuming they and the anchor investors
do not purchase any units in the initial public offering ). This is different from most other offerings similar to ours where the founder
shares represent less than 28 of all the issued and outstanding shares after the initial public offering, which may allow our initial
stockholders to exert more control over us as more fully discussed below. 

 Other than the anchor investors, none of our
sponsor, officers, directors, or their affiliates has indicated any intention to purchase units in our initial public offering or any
units or shares of common stock in the open market or in private transactions. However, our sponsor, officers, directors, or their affiliates
could determine in the future to make such purchases in the open market or in private transactions, to the extent permitted by law, in
order to influence the vote or magnitude of the number of stockholders seeking to tender their shares to us. In connection with any vote
for a proposed business combination, our sponsor, as well as all of our officers and directors, have agreed to vote the shares of common
stock owned by them immediately before our initial public offering as well as any shares of common stock acquired by them in our initial
public offering or in the aftermarket in favor of such proposed business combination. As a result, in addition to founder shares and private
shares (assuming all of these shares are voted in favor of the transaction, the underwriters over-allotment option is not exercised
and that none of the sponsor and our officers or directors purchase any public shares in the offering or the aftermarket), we would need
5,547,000 of our public shares (or approximately 32.1 of our public shares) to be voted in favor of the transaction in order to have
such transaction approved (assuming all outstanding shares are voted), or we would not need any public shares to be voted in favor of
the transaction (assuming shares representing only a quorum are voted) and the over-allotment option is not exercised, and that the sponsor
and our officers or directors do not purchase any public shares in the offering or the aftermarket). In addition, in the event that our
anchor investors purchase all of the units that they have collectively expressed an interest in purchasing in our initial public offering
and vote their public shares in favor of our initial business combination, no affirmative votes from other public stockholders would be
required to approve our initial business combination. However, because our anchor investors are not obligated to continue owning any public
shares following the closing and are not obligated to vote any public shares in favor of our initial business combination, we cannot assure
you that any of these anchor investors will be stockholders at the time our stockholders vote on our initial business combination, and,
if they are stockholders, we cannot assure you as to how such anchor investors will vote on any business combination. 

 Our board of directors
is and will be divided into three classes, each of which will generally serve for a term of three years with only one class of directors
being elected in each year. It is unlikely that there will be an annual meeting of stockholders to elect new directors prior to the consummation
of a business combination, in which case all of the current directors will continue in office until at least the consummation of the business
combination. Accordingly, you may not be able to exercise your voting rights under applicable corporate law for up to 15 months (or 18
months if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination). If there is an annual meeting, as a consequence of our staggered 
board of directors, only a minority of the board of directors will be considered for election and our sponsor, because of their ownership
position, will have considerable influence regarding the outcome. Accordingly, our initial stockholders will continue to exert control
at least until the consummation of a business combination. 

33 

 Table of Contents 

Risks Relating to Our
Securities 

The value of the founder
shares following completion of our initial business combination is likely to be substantially higher than the nominal price paid for them,
even if the trading price of our common stock at such time is substantially less than 10.00 per share. 

 At the time of our initial public offering,
our sponsor had invested in us an aggregate of 4,631,400, comprised of the 36,400 purchase price for the founder shares and the 4,595,000
purchase price for the private shares. Assuming a trading price of 10.00 per share upon consummation of our initial business combination,
the 5,087,500 founder shares would have an aggregate implied value of 50,875,000. Even if the trading price of our common stock was as
low as 0.91 per share, the value of the founder shares would be equal to the sponsor s initial investment in us. As a result, our
sponsor is likely to be able to recoup its investment in us and make a substantial profit on that investment, even if our public shares
have lost significant value. Accordingly, our management team, which owns interests in our sponsor, may have an economic incentive that
differs from that of the public shareholders to pursue and consummate an initial business combination rather than to liquidate and to
return all of the cash in the trust to the public shareholders, even if that business combination were with a riskier or less-established
target business. For the foregoing reasons, you should consider our management team's financial incentive to complete an initial business
combination when evaluating whether to redeem your shares prior to or in connection with the initial business combination. 

 Our anchor investors have purchased
approximately 99 of the units sold in our initial public offering. As a result, the trading volume, volatility and liquidity for
our shares could be reduced, the trading price of our shares could be adversely affected and other investors could be prevented from
influencing significant corporate decisions. 

 Our anchor investors have purchased an aggregate
of approximately 99 of the units in our initial public offering. The post-offering trading volume, volatility and liquidity of our securities
may be reduced relative to what they would have been had the units been more widely offered and sold to other public investors. As a result,
we may not be able to meet Nasdaq s continued listing standards. See Nasdaq may delist our securities from quotation
on its exchange which could limit investors ability to make transactions in our securities and subject us to additional trading
restrictions. 

 So long as our anchor investors hold a substantial
portion of the units purchased, our sponsor and the anchor investors would collectively have substantial control over us and be able to
exercise significant influence over all matters requiring stockholder approval (although we have no knowledge of any affiliation or other
agreement or arrangement, as to voting of our securities or otherwise, among any such persons). For example, in the event that the anchor
investors continue to hold the shares included in the units and vote such shares in favor of our initial business combination, we would
not need any additional public shares sold in our initial public offering to be voted in favor of our initial business combination to
have our initial business combination approved. Moreover, although the anchor investors are not contractually obligated to vote in favor
of our business combination, their interest in our founder shares may provide an incentive for them to do so. This potential concentration
of influence could be disadvantageous to other public stockholders, who may have interests that are different from those of our sponsor
and the anchor investors. In addition, this potential significant concentration of stock ownership may adversely affect the trading price
of our common stock, because investors often perceive disadvantages in owning stock in companies with concentrated ownership, and might
make it more difficult to complete a business combination with targets that would prefer to enter into a transaction with a SPAC with
less concentrated ownership. 

34 

 Table of Contents 

Since our anchor investors acquired an
interest in founder shares from our sponsor in connection with the closing of our initial public offering, a conflict of interest may
arise in determining whether a particular target business is appropriate for our initial business combination. 

 Our anchor investors purchased
directly from our sponsor membership interests reflecting the allocation of certain founder shares to them, and paid only a nominal amount
for those membership interests. Accordingly, the anchor investors will share in any appreciation in the value of the founder shares above
that nominal amount, provided that we successfully complete a business combination. Moreover, as the anchor investors acquired all of
the units in the initial public offering for a purchase price of 10.00 per unit and acquired an interest in 1,312,500 founder shares
for a price of 0.006 per share, and assuming each warrant has no value and without taking into account any liquidity discount on the
founder shares, the anchor investors paid an effective price of 9.19 per share of common stock acquired, as compared to the 10.00 per
share paid by the other public stockholders in our initial public offering. As a result, the anchor investors may have an incentive to
vote any public shares they own in favor of a business combination, and, if a business combination is approved, they may make a substantial
profit on such interest, even if the market price of our public securities declines in value below the price to the public in our initial
public offering and the business combination is not profitable for other public stockholders. In addition, as discussed above, if the
anchor investors retain a substantial portion of their interests in our public shares and if the anchor investors vote those public shares
in favor of a business combination, we will receive sufficient votes to approve the business combination, regardless of how any other
public stockholder votes their shares. You should consider the anchor investors financial incentive to complete an initial business
combination when evaluating whether to invest in our securities and/or redeem your shares prior to or in connection with an initial business
combination. 

 Our outstanding warrants may have an
adverse effect on the market price of our common stock and make it more difficult to effect a business combination. 

 We issued warrants to purchase up to 7,500,000
shares of common stock as part of the units sold in our initial public offering. To the extent we issue shares of common stock to effect
a business combination, the potential for the issuance of a substantial number of additional shares upon exercise of these warrants could
make us a less attractive acquisition vehicle in the eyes of a target business. Such warrants, when exercised, will increase the number
of issued and outstanding shares of common stock and reduce the value of the shares issued to complete the business combination. Accordingly,
our warrants may make it more difficult to effectuate a business combination or increase the cost of acquiring the target business. Additionally,
the sale, or even the possibility of sale, of the shares underlying the warrants could have an adverse effect on the market price for
our securities or on our ability to obtain future financing. If and to the extent these warrants are exercised, you may experience dilution
to your holdings. 

 We may redeem your unexpired warrants prior
to their exercise at a time that is disadvantageous to you, thereby making your warrants worthless. 

 We have the ability to redeem
outstanding warrants at any time after they become exercisable and prior to their expiration, at a price of 0.01 per warrant, provided
that the last reported sales price of the common stock equals or exceeds 18.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends,
reorganizations and recapitalizations) for any 20 trading days within a 30 trading-day period commencing at any time after the warrants
become exercisable and ending on the third business day prior to proper notice of such redemption provided that on the date we give notice
of redemption and during the entire period thereafter until the time we redeem the warrants, we have an effective registration statement
under the Securities Act covering the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants and a current prospectus relating
to them is available. If and when the warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption right even if we are unable to
register or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws. Redemption of the outstanding warrants
could force you (i) to exercise your warrants and pay the exercise price therefor at a time when it may be disadvantageous for you
to do so, (ii) to sell your warrants at the then-current market price when you might otherwise wish to hold your warrants or (iii) to
accept the nominal redemption price which, at the time the outstanding warrants are called for redemption, is likely to be substantially
less than the market value of your warrants. 

 You will not be permitted to exercise your
warrants unless we register and qualify the underlying common stock or certain exemptions are available. 

 If the issuance of the shares
of common stock upon exercise of the warrants is not registered, qualified or exempt from registration or qualification under the Securities
Act and applicable state securities laws, holders of warrants will not be entitled to exercise such warrants and such warrants may have
no value and expire worthless. In such event, holders who acquired their warrants as part of a purchase of units will have paid the full
unit purchase price solely for the common stock included in the units. 

35 

 Table of Contents 

We are registering the common stock issuable
upon exercise of the warrants in the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part because the warrants will become exercisable
30 days after the completion of our initial business combination, which may be within one year of our initial public offering. However,
because the warrants will be exercisable until their expiration date of up to five years after the completion of our initial business
combination, in order to comply with the requirements of Section 10(a)(3) of the Securities Act following the consummation of our internal
business combination under the terms of the warrant agreement, we have agreed that we will use our best efforts to file with the SEC as
soon as practicable after the business combination a post-effective amendment to the registration statement of which this prospectus forms
a part or a new registration statement covering the registration under the Securities Act of the common stock issuable upon exercise of
the warrants and thereafter will use our best efforts to cause the same to become effective within 90 business days following our initial
business combination and to maintain a current prospectus relating to the common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants until the
expiration of the warrants in accordance with the provisions of the warrant agreement. We cannot assure you that we will be able to do
so if, for example, any facts or events arise which represent a fundamental change in the information set forth in the registration statement
or prospectus, the financial statements contained or incorporated by reference therein are not current or correct or the SEC issues a
stop order. 

 If the shares of common stock
issuable upon exercise of the warrants are not registered under the Securities Act, under the terms of the warrant agreement, holders
of warrants who seek to exercise their warrants will not be permitted to do so for cash and, instead, will be required to do so on a cashless
basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act or another exemption. 

 In no event will warrants be
exercisable for cash or on a cashless basis, and we will not be obligated to issue any shares to holders seeking to exercise their warrants,
unless the issuance of the shares upon such exercise is registered or qualified under the securities laws of the state of the exercising
holder, or an exemption from registration or qualification is available. 

 In no event will we be required
to net cash settle any warrant, or issue securities (other than upon a cashless exercise as described above) or other compensation in
exchange for the warrants in the event that we are unable to register or qualify the shares underlying the warrants under the Securities
Act or applicable state securities laws. 

 Our management s
ability to require holders of our warrants to exercise such warrants on a cashless basis will cause holders to receive fewer shares of
common stock upon their exercise of the warrants than they would have received had they been able to exercise their warrants for cash. 

 If we call our public warrants
for redemption after the redemption criteria described elsewhere in this Annual Report have been satisfied, our management will have
the option to require any holder that wishes to exercise his warrant to do so on a cashless basis. If our management chooses
to require holders to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis, the number of shares of common stock received by a holder upon exercise
will be fewer than it would have been had such holder exercised his warrant for cash. This will have the effect of reducing the potential
 upside of the holder s investment in our company. 

 If our security holders
exercise their registration rights, it may have an adverse effect on the market price of our shares of common stock and the existence
of these rights may make it more difficult to effect a business combination. 

 The holders of the founder
shares are entitled to make a demand that we register the resale of the founder shares at any time commencing three months prior to the
date on which their shares may be released from escrow. Additionally, the holders of the private shares and any shares of common stock
our sponsor, officers, directors, or their affiliates may be issued in payment of working capital loans made to us, are entitled to demand
that we register the resale of the private shares and any other shares of common stock we issue to them commencing at any time after we
consummate an initial business combination. The presence of these additional securities trading in the public market may have an adverse
effect on the market price of our securities. In addition, the existence of these rights may make it more difficult to effectuate a business
combination or increase the cost of acquiring the target business, as the stockholders of the target business may be discouraged from
entering into a business combination with us or will request a higher price for their securities because of the potential effect the exercise
of such rights may have on the trading market for our shares of common stock. 

36 

 Table of Contents 

Nasdaq may delist our
securities from quotation on its exchange which could limit investors ability to make transactions in our securities and subject
us to additional trading restrictions. 

 We cannot assure you that our securities will
continue to be listed on Nasdaq in the future prior to an initial business combination. Additionally, in connection with our initial business
combination, it is likely that Nasdaq will require us to file a new initial listing application and meet its initial listing requirements
as opposed to its more lenient continued listing requirements. We cannot assure you that we will be able to meet those initial listing
requirements at that time. Nasdaq will also have discretionary authority to not approve our listing if Nasdaq determines that the listing
of the company to be acquired is against public policy at that time. 

 If Nasdaq delists our securities
from trading on its exchange, or we are not listed in connection with our initial business combination, we could face significant material
adverse consequences, including: 

a limited availability of market quotations for our securities; 

reduced liquidity with respect to our securities; 

a determination that our shares of common stock are penny stock which will require brokers trading in our shares of common stock to adhere to more stringent rules, possibly resulting in a reduced level of trading activity in the secondary trading market for our shares of common stock; 

a limited amount of news and analyst coverage for our company; and 

a decreased ability to issue additional securities or obtain additional financing in the future. 
 
 The National Securities
Markets Improvement Act of 1996, which is a federal statute, prevents or preempts the states from regulating the sale of certain securities,
which are referred to as covered securities. Because we expect that our units and eventually our common stock and warrants
will be listed on Nasdaq, our units, common stock and warrants will be covered securities. Although the states are preempted from regulating
the sale of our securities, the federal statute does allow the states to investigate companies if there is a suspicion of fraud, and,
if there is a finding of fraudulent activity, then the states can regulate or bar the sale of covered securities in a particular case.
While we are not aware of a state having used these powers to prohibit or restrict the sale of securities issued by blank check companies,
certain state securities regulators view blank check companies unfavorably and might use these powers, or threaten to use these powers,
to hinder the sale of securities of blank check companies in their states. Further, if we were no longer listed on Nasdaq, our securities
would not be covered securities and we would be subject to regulation in each state in which we offer our securities. 

Rezolve will be required to meet the initial
listing requirements to be listed on Nasdaq, which it may not be able to do. Even if Rezolve s securities are so listed, Rezolve
may be unable to maintain the listing in the future. 

If, following the business
combination, Rezolve fails to meet the initial listing requirements and Nasdaq does not list its securities on its exchange, Rezolve
could face significant material adverse consequences, including: 

a limited availability of market quotations for its securities; 

a limited amount of news and analyst coverage for Rezolve; and 

a decreased ability to issue additional securities or obtain additional financing in the future. 

Any of the foregoing could materially adversely affect
Rezolve s financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

You will not be entitled
to protections normally afforded to investors of blank check companies. 

 Since the net proceeds of our initial public
offering and the sale of the private shares are intended to be used to complete a business combination with a target business that has
not been identified, we may be deemed to be a blank check company under the United States securities laws. However,
since we had net tangible assets in excess of 5,000,000 upon the consummation of our initial public offering and the sale of the private
shares and filed a Current Report on Form 8-K, including an audited balance sheet demonstrating this fact, we are exempt from rules promulgated
by the SEC to protect investors of blank check companies such as Rule 419. Accordingly, investors will not be afforded the benefits
or protections of those rules which would, for example, completely restrict the transferability of our securities, require us to
complete a business combination within 18 months of the effective date of the initial registration statement and restrict the use of interest
earned on the funds held in the trust account. Because we are not subject to Rule 419, our units became immediately tradable and
we will be entitled to withdraw amounts from the funds held in the trust account prior to the completion of a business combination. For
a more detailed comparison of our offering to offerings that comply with Rule 419, please see Proposed Business Comparison
to offerings of blank check companies subject to Rule 419 . 

37 

 Table of Contents 

There may be tax consequences
to our business combinations that may adversely affect us. 

 While we expect to undertake
any merger or acquisition so as to minimize taxes both to the acquired business and/or asset and us, such business combination might
not meet the statutory requirements of a tax-free reorganization, or the parties might not obtain the intended tax-free treatment upon
a transfer of shares or assets. A non-qualifying reorganization could result in the imposition of substantial taxes. 

 If we do not file and
maintain a current and effective prospectus relating to the common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants, holders will only be
able to exercise such warrants on a cashless basis. 

 If we do not file and maintain
a current and effective prospectus relating to the common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants at the time that holders wish to
exercise such warrants, they will only be able to exercise them on a cashless basis provided that an exemption from registration
is available. As a result, the number of shares of common stock that holders will receive upon exercise of the warrants will be fewer
than it would have been had such holder exercised his warrant for cash. Further, if an exemption from registration is not available, holders
would not be able to exercise on a cashless basis and would only be able to exercise their warrants for cash if a current and effective
prospectus relating to the common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants is available. Under the terms of the warrant agreement,
we have agreed to use our best efforts to meet these conditions and to file and maintain a current and effective prospectus relating to
the common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants until the expiration of the warrants. However, we cannot assure you that we will
be able to do so. If we are unable to do so, the potential upside of the holder s investment in our company may be
reduced or the warrants may expire worthless. 

 An investor will only
be able to exercise a warrant if the issuance of shares of common stock upon such exercise has been registered or qualified or is deemed
exempt under the securities laws of the state of residence of the holder of the warrants. 

 No warrants will be exercisable
and we will not be obligated to issue shares of common stock unless the shares of common stock issuable upon such exercise has been registered
or qualified or deemed to be exempt under the securities laws of the state of residence of the holder of the warrants. If the shares of
common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants are not qualified or exempt from qualification in the jurisdictions in which the holders
of the warrants reside, the warrants may be deprived of any value, the market for the warrants may be limited and they may expire worthless
if they cannot be sold. 

38 

 Table of Contents 

We may amend the terms
of the warrants in a manner that may be adverse to holders with the approval by the holders of at least a majority of the then outstanding
public warrants. 

 Our warrants were issued in registered form
under a warrant agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent, and us. The warrant agreement
provides that the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder to cure any ambiguity or correct any defective
provision. The warrant agreement requires the approval by the holders of at least a majority of the then outstanding public warrants in
order to make any change that adversely affects the interests of the registered holders. 

 Our warrant agreement designates the
courts of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York as the sole and exclusive forum
for certain types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by holders of our warrants, which could limit the ability of warrant
holders to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with our company. 

 Our warrant agreement provides that, subject
to applicable law, (i) any action, proceeding or claim against us arising out of or relating in any way to the warrant agreement,
including under the Securities Act, will be brought and enforced in the courts of the State of New York or the United States District
Court for the Southern District of New York, and (ii) that we irrevocably submit to such jurisdiction, which jurisdiction shall be
the exclusive forum for any such action, proceeding or claim. We will waive any objection to such exclusive jurisdiction and that such
courts represent an inconvenient forum. 

 Notwithstanding the foregoing,
these provisions of the warrant agreement will not apply to suits brought to enforce any liability or duty created by the Exchange Act
or any other claim for which the federal district courts of the United States of America are the sole and exclusive forum. Any person
or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in any of our warrants shall be deemed to have notice of and to have consented
to the forum provisions in our warrant agreement. 

 If any action, the subject
matter of which is within the scope of the forum provisions of the warrant agreement, is filed in a court other than courts of the State
of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York (a foreign action in the name of
any holder of our warrants, such holder shall be deemed to have consented to: (x) the personal jurisdiction of the state and federal
courts located in the State of New York in connection with any action brought in any such court to enforce the forum provisions (an enforcement
action ), and (y) having service of process made upon such warrant holder in any such enforcement action by service upon such
warrant holder s counsel in the foreign action as agent for such warrant holder. 

 This choice-of-forum provision
may limit a warrant holder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with our company,
which may discourage such lawsuits. Alternatively, if a court were to find this provision of our warrant agreement inapplicable or unenforceable
with respect to one or more of the specified types of actions or proceedings, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving
such matters in other jurisdictions, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations
and result in a diversion of the time and resources of our management and board of directors. 

If third parties bring
claims against us, the proceeds held in trust could be reduced and the per-share redemption price received by stockholders may be less
than 10.00. 

 Our placing of funds in trust
may not protect those funds from third party claims against us. Although we will seek to have all vendors and service providers we engage
and prospective target businesses we negotiate with execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind
in or to any monies held in the trust account for the benefit of our public stockholders, they may not execute such agreements. Furthermore,
even if such entities execute such agreements with us, they may seek recourse against the trust account. A court may not uphold the validity
of such agreements. Accordingly, the proceeds held in trust could be subject to claims which could take priority over those of our public
stockholders. If we are unable to complete a business combination and distribute the proceeds held in trust to our public stockholders,
our sponsor has agreed (subject to certain exceptions described elsewhere in this Annual Report) that it will be liable to ensure that
the proceeds in the trust account are not reduced below 10.00 per share by the claims of target businesses or claims of vendors or other
entities that are owed money by us for services rendered or contracted for or products sold to us. However, we have not asked our sponsor
to reserve for such indemnification obligations, nor have we independently verified whether our sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy
its indemnity obligations and believe that our sponsor s only assets are securities of our company. Therefore, we believe it is
unlikely that our sponsor will be able to satisfy its indemnification obligations if it is required to do so. As a result, the per-share
distribution from the trust account may be less than 10.00, plus interest, due to such claims. 

39 

 Table of Contents 

Additionally, if we are
forced to file a bankruptcy case or an involuntary bankruptcy case is filed against us which is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the
trust account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy law, and may be included in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of
third parties with priority over the claims of our stockholders. To the extent any bankruptcy claims deplete the trust account, we may
not be able to return to our public stockholders at least 10.00. 

 Our stockholders may
be held liable for claims by third parties against us to the extent of distributions received by them. 

 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
provides that we will continue in existence only 15 months (or 18 months if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination)
from the closing of our initial public offering. If we have not completed a business combination by such date, we will (i) cease
all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days
thereafter, redeem 100 of the outstanding public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on
deposit in the trust account, including any interest not previously released to us but net of franchise and income taxes payable, divided
by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders
(including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably
possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate,
subject (in the case of (ii) and (iii) above) to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the
requirements of other applicable law. We cannot assure you that we will properly assess all claims that may be potentially brought against
us. As such, our stockholders could potentially be liable for any claims to the extent of distributions received by them (but no more)
and any liability of our stockholders may extend well beyond the third anniversary of the date of distribution. Accordingly, we cannot
assure you that third parties will not seek to recover from our stockholders amounts owed to them by us. 

 If we are forced to file
a bankruptcy case or an involuntary bankruptcy case is filed against us which is not dismissed, any distributions received by stockholders
could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy laws as either a preferential transfer or a fraudulent
conveyance. As a result, a bankruptcy court could seek to recover all amounts received by our stockholders. Furthermore, because
we intend to distribute the proceeds held in the trust account to our public stockholders promptly after expiration of the time we have
to complete an initial business combination, this may be viewed or interpreted as giving preference to our public stockholders over any
potential creditors with respect to access to or distributions from our assets. Furthermore, our board may be viewed as having breached
their fiduciary duties to our creditors and/or may have acted in bad faith, and thereby exposing itself and our company to claims of punitive
damages, by paying public stockholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. We cannot assure you that claims
will not be brought against us for these reasons. 

40 

 Table of Contents 

We may issue shares
of our capital stock or debt securities to complete a business combination, which would reduce the equity interest of our stockholders
and likely cause a change in control of our ownership. 

 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
authorizes the issuance of up to 100,000,000 shares of common stock, par value .0001 per share, and 1,000,000 shares of preferred stock,
par value .0001 per share. Immediately after the initial public offering and the purchase of the private shares, there were 70,665,500
authorized but unissued shares of common stock available for issuance after appropriate reservation for the issuance of the shares underlying
the public warrants. Immediately after the consummation of our initial public offering, there were no shares of preferred stock issued
and outstanding. Although we have no commitment as of the date of this Annual Report, we may issue a substantial number of additional
shares of common stock or shares of preferred stock, or a combination of common stock and preferred stock, to complete a business combination.
The issuance of additional shares of common stock will not reduce the per-share redemption amount in the trust account. The issuance of
additional shares of common stock or preferred stock: 

may significantly reduce the equity interest of
 investors in our initial public offering; 

may subordinate the rights of holders of shares of common stock if we issue shares of preferred stock with rights senior to those afforded to our shares of common stock; 

may cause a change in control if a substantial number of shares of common stock are issued, which may affect, among other things, our ability to use our net operating loss carry forwards, if any, and could result in the resignation or removal of our present officers and directors; and 

may adversely affect prevailing market prices for our shares of common stock. 
 
 Similarly, if we issue debt
securities, it could result in: 

default and foreclosure on our assets if our operating revenues after a business combination are insufficient to repay our debt obligations; 

acceleration of our obligations to repay the indebtedness even if we make all principal and interest payments when due if we breach certain covenants that require the maintenance of certain financial ratios or reserves without a waiver or renegotiation of that covenant; 

our immediate payment of all principal and accrued interest, if any, if the debt security is payable on demand; and 

our inability to obtain necessary additional financing if the debt security contains covenants restricting our ability to obtain such financing while the debt security is outstanding. 
 
 If we incur indebtedness,
our lenders will not have a claim on the cash in the trust account and such indebtedness will not decrease the per-share redemption amount
in the trust account. 

 Provisions in our amended
and restated certificate of incorporation and bylaws and Delaware law may inhibit a takeover of us, which could limit the price investors
might be willing to pay in the future for our common stock and could entrench management. 

 Our amended and restated
certificate of incorporation and bylaws contains provisions that may discourage unsolicited takeover proposals that stockholders may
consider to be in their best interests. Our board of directors will be divided into three classes, each of which will generally serve
for a term of three years with only one class of directors being elected in each year. As a result, at a given annual meeting only a minority
of the board of directors may be considered for election. Since our staggered board may prevent our stockholders from replacing
a majority of our board of directors at any given annual meeting, it may entrench management and discourage unsolicited stockholder proposals
that may be in the best interests of stockholders. Moreover, our board of directors has the ability to designate the terms of and issue
new series of preferred stock. We are also subject to anti-takeover provisions under Delaware law, which could delay or prevent a change
of control. Together these provisions may make more difficult the removal of management and may discourage transactions that otherwise
could involve payment of a premium over prevailing market prices for our securities. 

41 

 Table of Contents 

Our amended and restated
certificate of incorporation provides, subject to limited exceptions, that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware will be
the sole and exclusive forum for certain stockholder litigation matters, which could limit our stockholders ability to obtain a
favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers, employees or stockholders. 

 Our amended and restated
certificate of incorporation requires, to the fullest extent permitted by law, that derivative actions brought in our name, actions
against directors, officers and employees for breach of fiduciary duty and other similar actions may be brought only in the Court of Chancery
in the State of Delaware, except any action (A) as to which the Court of Chancery in the State of Delaware determines that there
is an indispensable party not subject to the jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery (and the indispensable party does not consent to the
personal jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery within ten days following such determination), (B) which is vested in the exclusive
jurisdiction of a court or forum other than the Court of Chancery, or (C) for which the Court of Chancery does not have subject matter
jurisdiction. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in shares of our capital stock shall be deemed to have
notice of and consented to the forum provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. 

 This choice of forum provision
may limit a stockholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with us or any of our
directors, officers or employees, which may discourage lawsuits with respect to such claims, although our stockholders will not be deemed
to have waived our compliance with federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder and may therefore bring a claim
in another appropriate forum. We cannot be certain that a court will decide that this provision is either applicable or enforceable, and
if a court were to find the choice of forum provision contained in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation to be inapplicable
or unenforceable in an action, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions, which could
harm our business, operating results and financial condition. 

 Our amended and restated
certificate of incorporation provides that the exclusive forum provision will be applicable to the fullest extent permitted by applicable
law. Section 27 of the Exchange Act creates exclusive federal jurisdiction over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability
created by the Exchange Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. As a result, the exclusive forum provision will not apply to
suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal courts have exclusive
jurisdiction. In addition, the exclusive forum provision will not apply to actions brought under the Securities Act, or the rules and
regulations thereunder. 

 General Risk Factors 

We are a newly formed company with a
very limited operating history and, accordingly, you will not have any substantial basis on which to evaluate our ability to achieve our
business objective. 

 We are a newly formed company with very limited
operating results to date. Since we do not have a substantial operating history, you will have a very limited basis upon which to evaluate
our ability to achieve our business objective, which is to acquire an operating business. We will not generate any revenues until, at
the earliest, after the consummation of a business combination. 

 Our independent registered public accounting firm s
report contains an explanatory paragraph that expresses substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. 

 As of September 30, 2021, we had cash of 657,590
and a working capital of 733,814 (excluding deferred offering costs). Further, we expect to incur significant costs in pursuit
of financing plans and our initial business combination. Management s plans to address this need for capital are discussed in the
section of this Annual Report titled Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
Our plans to raise capital and to consummate our initial business combination may not be successful. If we are unable to complete our
business combination by the date that is 15 months (or 18 months if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination)
from the closing of our initial public offering, we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purposes of winding up, (ii) as promptly
as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash,
equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest divided by the number of then outstanding public
shares, which redemption will completely extinguish the public stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive
further liquidation distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption,
subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to our
obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. These factors, among others,
raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. The financial statements contained elsewhere in this Annual
Report do not include any adjustments that might result from our inability to consummate an initial business combination or our inability
to continue as a going concern. 

42 

 Table of Contents 

If we are deemed to
be an investment company, we may be required to institute burdensome compliance requirements and our activities may be restricted, which
may make it difficult for us to complete a business combination. 

 A company that, among other
things, is or holds itself out as being engaged primarily, or proposes to engage primarily, in the business of investing, reinvesting,
owning, trading or holding certain types of securities would be deemed an investment company under the Investment Company Act, as amended,
or the Investment Company Act. Since we will invest the proceeds held in the trust account, it is possible that we could be deemed an
investment company. Notwithstanding the foregoing, we do not believe that our anticipated principal activities will subject us to the
Investment Company Act. To this end, the proceeds held in trust may be invested by the trustee only in United States government
securities within the meaning of Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act having a maturity of 185 days or less
or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment Company Act which invest only
in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. By restricting the investment of the proceeds to these instruments, we intend to meet
the requirements for the exemption provided in Rule 3a-1 promulgated under the Investment Company Act. 

 If we are nevertheless deemed
to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act, we may be subject to certain restrictions that may make it more difficult
for us to complete a business combination, including: 

restrictions on the nature of our investments; and 

restrictions on the issuance of securities. 
 
 In addition, we may have
imposed upon us certain burdensome requirements, including: 

registration as an investment company; 

adoption of a specific form of corporate structure; and 

reporting, record keeping, voting, proxy, compliance policies and procedures and disclosure requirements and other rules and regulations. 
 
 Compliance with these additional
regulatory burdens would require additional expense for which we have not allotted. 

 The securities in which
we invest the funds held in the trust account could bear a negative rate of interest, which could reduce the value of the assets held
in trust such that the per-share redemption amount received by public shareholders may be less than approximately 10.00 per share. 

 The proceeds held in the
trust account will be invested only in U.S. government treasury obligations with a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds
meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act, which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury
obligations. While short-term U.S. government treasury obligations currently yield a positive rate of interest, they have briefly yielded
negative interest rates in recent years. Central banks in Europe and Japan pursued interest rates below zero in recent years, and the
Open Market Committee of the Federal Reserve has not ruled out the possibility that it may in the future adopt similar policies in the
United States. In the event that we do not to complete our initial business combination or make certain amendments to our amended and
restated certificate of incorporation, our public shareholders are entitled to receive their pro-rata share of the proceeds held in the
trust account, plus any interest income, net of franchise and income tax (less, in the case we are unable to complete our initial business
combination, 100,000 of dissolution expenses). Negative interest rates could reduce the value of the assets held in trust such that the
per-share redemption amount received by public shareholders may be less than approximately 10.00 per share. 

Changes in laws or
regulations, or a failure to comply with any laws and regulations, may adversely affect our business, investments and results of operations. 

 We are subject to laws and
regulations enacted by national, regional and local governments. In particular, we will be required to comply with certain SEC and other
legal requirements. Compliance with, and monitoring of, applicable laws and regulations may be difficult, time consuming and costly. Those
laws and regulations and their interpretation and application may also change from time to time and those changes could have a material
adverse effect on our business, investments and results of operations. In addition, a failure to comply with applicable laws or regulations,
as interpreted and applied, could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 

43 

 Table of Contents 

We are an emerging
growth company and a smaller reporting company within the meaning of the Securities Act, and if we take advantage of certain exemptions
from disclosure requirements available to emerging growth companies or smaller reporting companies, this
could make our securities less attractive to investors and may make it more difficult to compare our performance with other public companies. 

 We are an emerging
growth company within the meaning of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act, and we may take advantage of certain exemptions
from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies 
including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from
the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments
not previously approved. As a result, our shareholders may not have access to certain information they may deem important. We could be
an emerging growth company for up to five years, although circumstances could cause us to lose that status earlier, including if the market
value of our common stock held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of any March 31 before that time, in which case we would no longer
be an emerging growth company as of the following September 30. We cannot predict whether investors will find our securities less attractive
because we will rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result of our reliance on these exemptions,
the trading prices of our securities may be lower than they otherwise would be, there may be a less active trading market for our securities
and the trading prices of our securities may be more volatile. 

 Further, Section 102(b)(1) of
the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until
private companies (that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not have a class
of securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The JOBS
Act provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging
growth companies but any such an election to opt out is irrevocable. We have elected not to opt out of such extended transition period
which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private companies, we, as an
emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new or revised standard. This may
make comparison of our financial statements with another public company which is neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth
company which has opted out of using the extended transition period difficult or impossible because of the potential differences in accounting
standards used. 

 Additionally, we are a smaller
reporting company as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take advantage of certain
reduced disclosure obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements. We will remain
a smaller reporting company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (1) the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates
equals or exceeds 250 million as of the prior March 31, or (2) our annual revenues equaled or exceeded 100 million during such
completed fiscal year and the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates equals or exceeds 700 million as of the prior
March 31. To the extent we take advantage of such reduced disclosure obligations, it may also make comparison of our financial statements
with other public companies difficult or impossible. 

Compliance with the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 will require substantial financial and management resources and may increase the time and costs of completing
an acquisition. 

 Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002 requires that we evaluate and report on our system of internal controls and may require that we have such system of internal
controls audited beginning with our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ending September 30, 2022. If we fail to maintain the
adequacy of our internal controls, we could be subject to regulatory scrutiny, civil or criminal penalties and/or stockholder litigation.
Any inability to provide reliable financial reports could harm our business. Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act also requires
that our independent registered public accounting firm report on management s evaluation of our system of internal controls. A target
company may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy of their internal controls. The development
of the internal controls of any such entity to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and costs necessary
to complete any such acquisition. Furthermore, any failure to implement required new or improved controls, or difficulties encountered
in the implementation of adequate controls over our financial processes and reporting in the future, could harm our operating results
or cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations. Inferior internal controls could also cause investors to lose confidence in our
reported financial information, which could have a negative effect on the trading price of our stock. 

44 

 Table of Contents 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

 None. 

 ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 

 We maintain our executive offices at 2005 Market
Street, Suite 3120, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 19103. 

 ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

 We may be party to various claims and legal
proceedings from time to time. We are not subject to any pending material legal proceedings, nor, to our knowledge, is any material legal
proceeding threatened against us or any of our officers or directors in their capacity as such. 

 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

 None. 

45 

 Table of Contents 

PART II 

 ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON
EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

 (a) Market Information 

 Our Units began
trading on Nasdaq under the symbol AACIU on August 13, 2021. On November 16, 2021, we announced that holders of our
Units could elect to separately trade the Common Stock and Warrants included in the Units. On November 16, 2021, our Common Stock
and Warrants began trading on Nasdaq under the symbols AACI and AACIW, respectively. Each Unit consists
of one share of Common Stock and one half of one Redeemable Warrant. Each warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase one share
of Common Stock at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment as described in our final prospectus dated August 12, 2021
which was filed with the SEC on August 16, 2021. Please see Note 3. Initial Public Offering in the Notes to our
audited financial statements for the year ended September 30, 2021 for additional information. 

 The following table sets
forth, for the calendar quarter indicated, the high and low sales prices per Unit as reported on Nasdaq for the period from November 5,
2020 (inception) through September 30, 2021. 

Units AACIU 
 
 Common Stock 
(AACI) 
 
 Warrants 
(AACIW) 

High 
 
 Low 
 
 High 
 
 Low 
 
 High 
 
 Low 
 
 Year ended September 30, 2021: 

Quarter ended December 31, 2020 

N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

N/A 
 
 Quarter ended March 31, 2021 

N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

N/A 
 
 Quarter ended June 30, 2021 

N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

N/A 
 
 Quarter ended September 30, 2021 

9.97 

9.76 

N/A 

N/A 

N/A 

N/A 
 
 (b) Holders 

 At December 8, 2021,
there were 1 holder of record of our Units, 8 holders of record of our separately traded common stock, and 1 holder of record of our separately
traded Warrants. 

 (c) Dividends 

We have not paid any cash
dividends on our Common Stock to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of our initial business combination.
The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general
financial condition subsequent to completion of our initial business combination. The payment of any cash dividends subsequent to our
initial business combination will be within the discretion of our board of directors. In addition, our board of directors is not currently
contemplating and does not anticipate declaring any stock dividends in the foreseeable future. Further, if we incur any indebtedness in
connection with our initial business combination, our ability to declare dividends may be limited by restrictive covenants we may agree
to in connection therewith. 

 (d) Securities Authorized
for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 

 None. 

(e) Performance Graph 

 Not required for smaller reporting companies. 

46 

 Table of Contents 

(f) Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities;
Use of Proceeds from Registered Offerings 

 None 

ITEM 6. [RESERVED] 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND
ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The following discussion and
analysis of the Company s financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the financial statements
and the notes thereto contained elsewhere in this report. References to the Company, us or we 
refer to Armada Acquisition Corp. I. 

 Cautionary
Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 

 This
Annual Report on Form 10-K includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended,
and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). We have based these forward-looking
statements on our current expectations and projections about future events. These forward-looking statements are subject to known and
unknown risks, uncertainties and assumptions about us that may cause our actual results, levels of activity, performance or achievements
to be materially different from any future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking
statements. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as may, should, 
 could, would, expect, plan, anticipate, believe, estimate, 
 continue, or the negative of such terms or other similar expressions. Factors that might cause or contribute to such a discrepancy
include, but are not limited to, those described in our other Securities and Exchange Commission SEC filings. 

 Overview 

 We
are a blank check company incorporated in Delaware on November 5, 2020, for the purpose of effecting a merger, stock exchange, asset acquisition,
stock purchase, reorganization or other similar business combination with one or more businesses. 

 On
August 17, 2021, we consummated our IPO of 15,000,000 units, at 10.00 per unit, generating gross proceeds of 150 million. 

 Simultaneously
with the closing of the IPO, we consummated the private placement of 459,500 Private Shares for an aggregate purchase price of 4,595,000. 

 Upon
the closing of the IPO on August 17, 2021, 150,000,000 10.00 per unit) from the net proceeds of the sale of the units in the IPO and
the sale of Private Shares were placed in the Trust Account. 

 If
we are unable to complete the initial Business Combination within the Combination Period, we will (i) cease all operations except for
the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem 100 of the
outstanding public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account,
including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to us but net of taxes payable (and less
up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will
completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions,
if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of
our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject (in the case of (ii) and (iii) above) to our obligations
under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. 

 We
cannot assure you that our plans to complete our initial business combination will be successful. 

47 

 Table of Contents 

Results
of Operations 

 For the period from November 5, 2020 (inception) through
September 30, 2021, we incurred a loss from operations of 469,951, including franchise tax of 26,113. Net loss for the Company of 468,899
included the loss from operations, partially offset by interest income from the Trust Account of 1,052. Through September 30, 2021, our
efforts have been limited to organizational activities, activities relating to the Public Offering, activities relating to identifying
and evaluating prospective acquisition candidates and activities relating to general corporate matters. We have not generated any revenues,
other than interest income earned on the investments held in the Trust Account. As of September 30, 2021, 150,001,052 was held in the
Trust Account and we had cash outside of trust of 657,590 and 93,467 in accounts payable and accrued expenses. 

We will have 15 months (or 18 months
if extended) from the closing of the IPO to complete the initial Business Combination (the Combination Period ). However,
if we are unable to complete the initial Business Combination within the Combination Period, we will (i) cease all operations except for
the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem 100 of the
outstanding public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account,
including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company but net of taxes payable (and
less up to 50,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption
will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions,
if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of
our remaining stockholders and the Company s board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject (in the case of (ii) and (iii)
above) to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. 

We have also agreed to reimburse
the Sponsor for office space, secretarial and administrative services provided to members of our management team, in an amount not to
exceed 10,000 per month. Upon completion of our initial business combination or our liquidation, we will cease paying these monthly fees.
For the period from November 5, 2020 (inception) through September 30, 2021, the Company paid 20,000 under this agreement. 

 Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

 As of September 30, 2021, we had
cash outside our Trust Account of 657,590, available for working capital needs. All remaining cash was held in the Trust Account and
is generally unavailable for our use, prior to an initial business combination. 

On August 17, 2021, we completed
the sale of 15,000,000 Units at 10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of 150,000,000. 

Simultaneously with the consummation of the IPO, the
Company consummated the private placement of 459,500 shares of common stock Private Shares ), at a price of 10.00 per share
for an aggregate purchase price of 4,595,000. 

In connection with the IPO, the
underwriters were granted a 45-day option from the date of the prospectus for the IPO to purchase up to 2,250,000 additional units to
cover over-allotments, if any. On October 1, 2021 this option expired unused. 

Following our IPO and the sale of the Private Shares,
a total of 150,000,000 10.00 per Unit) was placed in the Trust Account. We incurred 3,537,515 in IPO related costs, including 1,500,000
of underwriting fees and 2,037,515 of other costs. 

As of September 30, 2021, we had
marketable securities held in the Trust Account of 150,001,052 (including 1,052 of interest income) consisting of mutual funds. Interest
income on the balance in the Trust Account may be used by us to pay taxes. 

48 

 Table of Contents 

For the year ended September 30, 2021, cash used in
operating activities was 525,829. Net loss of 468,899 was impacted primarily by 506,520 in payments for prepaid expenses partially
offset by changes in operating assets and liabilities of 119,138 and the amortization of prepaid expenses. 

We intend to use substantially all
of the funds held in the Trust Account, including any amounts representing interest earned on the Trust Account to complete our initial
business combination. We may withdraw interest to pay our taxes and liquidation expenses if we are unsuccessful in completing a business
combination. We estimate our annual franchise tax obligations to be 200,000, which is the maximum amount of annual franchise taxes payable
by us as a Delaware corporation per annum, which we may pay from funds from the Public Offering held outside of the Trust Account or from
interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and released to us for this purpose. Our 2021 franchise tax was calculated using
a partial year proration and amounted to 25,671. Our annual income tax obligations will depend on the amount of interest and other income
earned on the amounts held in the Trust Account reduced by our operating expense and franchise taxes. We expect the interest earned on
the amount in the Trust Account will be sufficient to pay our income taxes. To the extent that our equity or debt is used, in whole or
in part, as consideration to complete our initial business combination, the remaining proceeds held in the Trust Account will be used
as working capital to finance the operations of the target business or businesses, make other acquisitions and pursue our growth strategies. 

Further, our sponsor, officers and
directors or their respective affiliates may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required (the Working Capital Loans ).
If we complete a business combination, we would repay the Working Capital Loans. In the event that a business combination does not close,
we may use a portion of proceeds held outside the Trust Account to repay the Working Capital Loans, but no proceeds held in the Trust
Account would be used to repay the Working Capital Loans. Such Working Capital Loans would be evidenced by promissory notes. The notes
would either be repaid upon consummation of a business combination, without interest, or, at the lender s discretion, or converted
upon consummation of a business combination into additional Private Shares at a price of 10.00 per Private Share. As of September 30,
2021, no Working Capital Loans have been issued. 

We
do not believe we will need to raise additional funds in order to meet the expenditures required for operating our business for the 15
month period from the closing of our initial public offering (or 18 months from such date if we extend the period of time to consummate
a business combination). However, if our estimate of the costs of identifying a target business, undertaking in-depth due diligence and
negotiating a business combination are less than the actual amount necessary to do so, we may have insufficient funds available to operate
our business prior to our business combination. In connection with the execution of the Business Combination Agreement, we and Cayman
NewCo entered into certain subscription agreements, each dated December 17, 2021 (the Subscription
Agreements ), with certain investors, pursuant to which such investors have agreed to purchase an aggregate of 2,050,000
ordinary shares (the PIPE Shares of Cayman NewCo (together, the Subscriptions ),
for a purchase price of 10.00 per share, for an aggregate purchase price of 20.5 million to be issued substantially concurrently with
the consummation of the Business Combination. The obligations of each party to consummate the Subscriptions are conditioned upon, among
other things, customary closing conditions. Under the Business Combination Agreement, either we or Rezolve may termination the Business
Combination Agreement if th e aggregate transaction proceeds (excluding any amount pursuant to the
Subscription Agreement to which Apeiron Investment Group Limited is party and any other amounts invested by the investors specified in
the Business Combination Agreement) provided or committed to be provided are not more than 50 million If we are unable to complete
a business combination (including the Business Combination) because we do not have sufficient funds available to us, we will be forced
to cease operations and liquidate the Trust Account. 

 Critical
Accounting Policies 

 The preparation of these unaudited condensed financial statements in conformity with US GAAP requires management
to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and
liabilities at the date of the unaudited condensed financial statements and the reported amounts of expenses during the reporting period.
Actual results could differ from those estimates. We have identified the following as our critical accounting policies: 

 Offering Costs 

We comply with the requirements of ASC 340-10-S99-1
and SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin Topic 5A Expenses of Offering . Offering costs consist of legal, accounting, underwriting
and other costs incurred through the balance sheet date that are related to the IPO. We incurred offering costs amounting to 3,537,515
as a result of the IPO consisting of a 1,500,000 underwriting commissions, and 2,037,515 of other offering costs. 

49 

 Table of Contents 

Redeemable Shares of
Common Stock 

We account for our common stock
subject to possible redemption in accordance with the guidance in ASC Topic 480 Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity. 
Common stock subject to mandatory redemption (if any) are classified as a liability instrument and measured at fair value. Conditionally
redeemable common stock (including common stock that feature redemption rights that are either within the control of the holder or subject
to redemption upon the occurrence of uncertain events not solely within the Company s control) are classified as temporary equity.
At all other times, common stock are classified as stockholders equity. Our shares of common stock feature certain redemption rights
that are considered to be outside of the Company s control and subject to the occurrence of uncertain future events. Accordingly,
15,000,000 shares of common stock subject to possible redemption are presented at redemption value as temporary equity, outside of the
stockholders equity section of the Company s balance sheet. 

All of the common
stock sold as part of the Units in the IPO contain a redemption feature which allows for the redemption of such public shares in connection
with the Company s liquidation, if there is a shareholder vote or tender offer in connection with the Business Combination and in
connection with certain amendments to the Company s certificate of incorporation. In accordance with ASC 480-10-S99, redemption
provisions not solely within the control of the Company require common stock subject to redemption to be classified outside of permanent
equity. 

Net Loss per Share 

We comply with accounting
and disclosure requirements of FASB ASC Topic 260, Earnings Per Share . Net income (loss) per common stock is computed by
dividing net income (loss) by the weighted average number of common stock outstanding for the period. Remeasurement adjustments associated
with the redeemable shares of common stock is excluded from earnings per share as the redemption value approximates fair value. 

 The calculation of diluted income
(loss) per share does not consider the effect of the warrants issued in connection with the IPO because the warrants are contingently
exercisable, and the contingencies have not yet been met. The warrants are exercisable to purchase 7,500,000 shares of common stock in
the aggregate. As of September 30, 2021, we did not have any dilutive securities or other contracts that could, potentially, be exercised
or converted into common stock and then share in the earnings of the Company. As a result, diluted net income (loss) per common stock
is the same as basic net income (loss) per common stock for the period presented. 

Accretion of the carrying value
of common stock subject to redemption value is excluded from net income per common stock because the redemption value approximates fair
value. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 

In August 2020, the Financial Accounting
Standards Board FASB issued Accounting Standards Update ASU 2020-06, Debt Debt with Conversion
and Other Options (Subtopic 470-20) and Derivatives and Hedging Contracts in Entity s Own Equity (Subtopic 815-40) ASU
2020-06 to simplify accounting for certain financial instruments. ASU 2020-06 eliminates the current models that require separation
of beneficial conversion and cash conversion features from convertible instruments and simplifies the derivative scope exception guidance
pertaining to equity classification of contracts in an entity s own equity. The new standard also introduces additional disclosures
for convertible debt and freestanding instruments that are indexed to and settled in an entity s own equity. ASU 2020-06 amends
the diluted earnings per share guidance, including the requirement to use the if-converted method for all convertible instruments. ASU
2020-06 is effective January 1, 2022 and should be applied on a full or modified retrospective basis, with early adoption permitted beginning
on January 1, 2021. The Company is currently assessing the impact, if any, that ASU 2020-06 would have on its financial position, results
of operations or cash flows. 

Management does not believe that
any recently issued, but not effective, accounting pronouncements, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on our financial
statements. 
 Off-Balance Sheet
Arrangements; Commitments and Contractual Obligations 

We have no obligations, assets or
liabilities which would be considered off-balance sheet arrangements. We do not participate in transactions that create relationships
with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, often referred to as variable interest entities, which would have been established
for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements. 

50 

 Table of Contents 

We have not entered into any off-balance
sheet financing arrangements, established any special purpose entities, guaranteed any debt or commitments of other entities, or entered
into any non-financial agreements involving assets. 

Contractual Obligations 

We do not have any long-term debt,
capital lease obligations, operating lease obligations or long-term liabilities other than an administrative agreement to reimburse our
sponsor for office space, secretarial and administrative services not to exceed 10,000 per month from the date of closing of the Public
Offering. Upon completion of a business combination or the Company s liquidation, the Company will cease paying these monthly fees. 

Financial Advisory Fee 

We engaged Cohen Company Capital
Markets, a division of J.V.B. Financial Group, LLC CCM ), an affiliate of a member of the Sponsor, to provide consulting
and advisory services in connection with the IPO, for which it received an advisory fee equal to one (1.0) percent of the aggregate proceeds
of the IPO, or 1,500,000, upon closing of the IPO. Affiliates of CCM have and manage investment vehicles with a passive investment in
the Sponsor. On August 18, 2021, we paid to CCM in aggregate of 1,500,000. CCM has agreed to defer the payment of the portion of the
advisory fee attributable to over-allotment option until the consummation of the initial Business Combination. CCM is engaged to represent
our interests only. We have also engaged CCM as an advisor in connection with the initial Business Combination for which it will earn
an advisory fee of 2.25 of the gross proceeds of the IPO, or 3,375,000, payable at closing of the Business Combination. On October 1,
2021 the underwriters over-allotment option expired unused resulting in no additional fees and commissions related to the over-allotment
option to be not payable to CCM by the Company. 

Business Combination Marketing
Agreement 

We engaged the representative of the underwriter as
an advisor in connection with Business Combination to assist in holding meetings with our stockholders to discuss the potential Business
Combination and the target business attributes, introduce us to potential investors that are interested in purchasing our securities
in connection with the initial Business Combination and assist us with press releases and public filings in connection with the Business
Combination. We will pay the representative a cash fee for such services upon the consummation of the initial Business Combination in
an amount equal to 2.25 of the gross proceeds of the IPO, or 3,375,000. We will also pay the representative a separate capital market
advisory fee of 2,500,000 upon completion of the initial Business Combination. Additionally, we will pay the representative a cash fee
equal to 1.0 of the total consideration payable in the proposed Business Combination if the representative introduces us to the target
business with which the Company completes a Business Combination. 

Right of First Refusal 

If we determine to pursue any equity,
equity-linked, debt or mezzanine financing relating to or in connection with an initial Business Combination, then Northland Securities,
Inc. shall have the right, but not the obligation, to act as book running manager, placement agent and/or arranger, as the case may be,
in any and all such financing or financings. This right of first refusal extends from the date of the IPO until the earlier of the consummation
of an initial Business Combination or the liquidation of the Trust Account if the Company fails to consummate a Business Combination during
the required time period. 

51 

 Table of Contents 

Registration
Rights 

 The
holders of the Founder Shares issued and outstanding on the date of the IPO, as well as the holders of the representative shares, Private
Shares and any shares the sponsor, officers, directors or their affiliates may issue in payment of Working Capital Loans made to us, will
be entitled to registration rights pursuant to an agreement to be signed prior to or on the effective date of the IPO. The holders of
a majority of these securities (other than the holders of the representative shares) are entitled to make up to two demands that we register
such securities. The holders of the majority of the Founder Shares can elect to exercise these registration rights at any time commencing
three months prior to the date on which these shares of common stock are to be released from escrow. The holders of a majority of the
Private Shares and shares issued to the Sponsor, officers, directors or their affiliates in payment of Working Capital Loans made to us
can elect to exercise these registration rights at any time after we consummate a business combination. In addition, the holders have
certain piggy-back registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to the consummation of a
business combination. We will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. 

 Underwriting Agreement 

 We granted the underwriters
a 45-day option from the date of the IPO to purchase up to an additional 2,250,000 units to cover over-allotments, if any. On October
1, 2021 the underwriters over-allotment option expired unused . 

 The underwriters were
paid a cash underwriting discount of 1.0 of the gross proceeds of the IPO, or 1,500,000 . 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURE
ABOUT MARKET RISK 

 Not required for smaller reporting companies. 

52 

 Table of Contents 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY
DATA 

ARMADA ACQUISITION CORP.
I 

 INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

PAGE 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 F-2 
 
 Balance Sheet 
 F-3 
 
 Statement of Operations 
 F-4 
 
 Statement of Changes in Stockholders Equity 
 F-5 
 
 Statement of Cash Flows 
 F-6 
 
 Notes to Financial Statements 
 F-7 

F- 1 

 Table of Contents 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED
PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Shareholders and Board of Directors of 

 Armada Acquisition Corp. I 

Opinion on the Financial
Statements 

 We have audited the accompanying
balance sheet of Armada Acquisition Corp. I (the Company as of September 30, 2021, the related statements of operations,
stockholders deficit and cash flows for the period from November 5, 2020 (inception) through September 30, 2021, and the
related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly,
in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of September 30, 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash
flows for the period from November 30, 2020 (inception) through September 30, 2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America. 

 Explanatory Paragraph 
Going Concern 

 The accompanying financial statements
have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As more fully described in Note 1, the Company s
business plan is dependent on the completion of a business combination and the Company s cash and working capital as of September
30, 2021 are not sufficient to complete its planned activities for a reasonable period of time, which is considered to be one year from
the issuance date of the financial statements. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going
concern. Management's plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 1. The financial statements do not include any adjustments
that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

 Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audit. We
are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are
required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and
regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards
of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements
are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform,
an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit we are required to obtain an understanding of internal
control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control
over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audit included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/ Marcum llp 

Marcum llp 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2021 . 

New York, NY 
December 29, 2021 

F- 2 

 Table of Contents 

ARMADA ACQUISITION CORP.
I 
BALANCE SHEET 
SEPTEMBER 30, 2021 

Assets 

Cash 

Prepaid expenses 

Total current assets 

Prepaid expenses 

Investment held in Trust Account 

Total Assets 

Liability and Stockholders Equity 

Current liability: 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Taxes payable 

Accrued offering costs 

Total current liability 

Commitments and Contingencies (Note 6) 

Common stock subject to possible redemption, shares at redemption value of per share 

Stockholders Equity: 

Preferred stock, par value; shares authorized; issued and outstanding 

Common stock, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding (1) excluding shares subject to possible redemption 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total stockholders equity 

Total Liabilities and Stockholders Equity 

(1) shares subject to forfeiture if the over-allotment option is not exercised in
full or in part by the underwriters (see Note 5). On October 1, 2021 the underwriter s over-allotment option expired unused resulting
in the forfeiture of these shares. 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 3 

 Table of Contents 

ARMADA ACQUISITION CORP.
I 
STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS 
 FOR THE PERIOD FROM NOVEMber 5, 2020 (INCEPTION) THROUGH SEPTEMBER 30, 2021 

Formation and operating costs 

Stock-based compensation 

Loss from operations 

Other income 

Trust interest income 

Total other income 

Net loss 

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding (1) 

Basic and diluted net loss per share 

(1) shares subject to forfeiture if the over-allotment option is not exercised in full or in part by the underwriters
(see Note 5). On October 1, 2021 the underwriter s over-allotment option expired unused resulting in the forfeiture of these shares. 

The accompanying
notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 4 

 Table of Contents 

ARMADA ACQUISITION CORP.
I 
STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
 FOR THE PERIOD FROM NOVEMBER 5, 2020 (INCEPTION) THROUGH SEPTEMBER 30, 2021 

Common Stock 
 Additional 
 Accumulated 
 Total Stockholders' 

Shares (1) 
 Amount 
 Paid-in Capital 
 Deficit 
 Equity 
 
 Balance as of November 5, 2020 (inception) 

Common Stock issued to Sponsor 

Issuance of Representative shares 

Representative shares returned to the Company 

Sale of Private Placement Shares 

Fair value of warrants included in the Units sold through public
 offering, net of offering costs 

Stock-based compensation 

Subsequent remeasurement of common stock subject to possible redemption 

Net loss 

Balance as of September 30, 2021 

(1) shares subject to forfeiture if the over-allotment option is not exercised in full or in part by the underwriters
(see Note 5). On October 1, 2021 the underwriter s over-allotment option expired unused resulting in the forfeiture of these shares. 

The accompanying
notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 5 

 Table of Contents 

ARMADA ACQUISITION CORP.
I 
STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS 
 FOR THE PERIOD FROM NOVEMBER 5, 2020 (INCEPTION) THROUGH SEPTEMBER 30, 2021 

Cash Flows from Operating Activities: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Amortization of prepaid expenses 

Interest earned on investments held in Trust Account 

Stock-based compensation 

Changes in current assets and liabilities: 

Taxes payable 

Accrued expenses 

Prepaid assets 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash Flows from Investing Activity: 

Principal deposited in Trust Account 

Net cash used in investing activity 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities: 

Proceeds from initial public offering, net of costs 

Proceeds from private placement 

Proceeds from sale of common stock to initial shareholders 

Advances from related parties 

Payment of deferred offering costs 

Repayment of advances from related parties 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net change in cash 

Cash, November 5, 2020 (inception) 

Cash, end of the period 

Supplemental disclosure of noncash investing and financing activities 

Accrued offering costs 

Initial value of common stock subject to possible redemption 

The accompanying
notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 6 

 Table of Contents 

ARMADA ACQUISITION CORP.
I 
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 SEPTEMBER 31, 2021 
 . The Company
was incorporated for the purpose of effecting a merger, stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or other similar
business combination with one or more businesses (the Business Combination ). We have engaged in preliminary discussions
with potential business combination targets but have not yet selected a target business with which to consummate our initial business
combination. The Company intends to concentrate its efforts identifying businesses in the financial services industry with particular
emphasis on businesses that are providing or changing technology for traditional financial services. 

As of September 30, 2021, the Company
had not commenced any operations. All activity for the period from November 5, 2020 (inception) through September 30, 2021 relates to
the Company s formation and the initial public offering (the IPO described below, and since the closing of the IPO,
the search for a prospective initial Business Combination. The Company will not generate any operating revenues until after the completion
of its initial Business Combination, at the earliest. The Company will generate non-operating income in the form of interest income on
cash and cash equivalents from the proceeds derived from the IPO. 

The Company has selected
September 30 as its fiscal year end. 

The Company s sponsor is Armada
Sponsor LLC (the Sponsor ). 

The registration statement for the
Company s IPO was declared effective on August 12, 2021 (the Effective Date ). On August 17, 2021, the Company commenced
the IPO of units at per unit (the Units ), which is discussed in Note 3 (the Initial Public Offering ). 

Simultaneously with the consummation
of the IPO, the Company consummated the private placement of shares of common stock Private Shares ), at a price
of per share for an aggregate purchase price of . 

Transaction costs amounted to 
consisting of of underwriting commissions, and of other offering costs. 

Following the closing of the IPO
on August 17, 2021 after releasing funds to the Company to be held outside of the Trust, per Unit) from the net proceeds
of the sale of the Units in the IPO was held in a Trust Account Trust Account and has been invested only in U.S. government
securities, within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment
Company Act ), having a maturity of days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 promulgated
under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. Except with respect to interest earned
on the funds held in the Trust Account that may be released to the Company to pay income tax obligations, the proceeds from the IPO and
the sale of the Private Shares will not be released from the Trust Account until the earlier of the completion of a Business Combination
or the Company s redemption of of the outstanding public shares if it has not completed a Business Combination in the required
time period The proceeds held in the Trust Account may be used as consideration to pay the sellers of a target business with which the
Company completes a Business Combination. Any amounts not paid as consideration to the sellers of the target business may be used to finance
operations of the target business. 

The Company s management has
broad discretion with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of the IPO and the sale of Private Shares, although substantially
all of the net proceeds are intended to be applied generally toward consummating a Business Combination. 

The Company must complete one or
more initial Business Combinations having an aggregate fair market value of at least of the value of the assets held in the trust
account (as defined below) (excluding deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable) at the time of the agreement to enter into
the initial Business Combination. However, the Company will only complete a Business Combination if the post-transaction company owns
or acquires or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target
sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. There is no assurance that
the Company will be able to complete a Business Combination successfully. 

In connection with any proposed
Business Combination, the Company will either (1) seek stockholders approval of the initial Business Combination at a meeting called for
such purpose at which stockholders may seek to redeem their shares, regardless of whether they vote for or against the proposed Business
Combination or don t vote at all, into their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account (net of
taxes payable), or (2) provide its stockholders with the opportunity to sell their shares to the Company by means of a tender offer (and
thereby avoid the need for a stockholder vote) for an amount equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in
the Trust Account (net of taxes payable), in each case subject to the limitations described herein. The decision as to whether the Company
will seek stockholders approval of a proposed Business Combination or will allow stockholders to sell their shares to the Company in a
tender offer will be made by the Company, solely in its discretion. 

The shares of common stock subject
to redemption is recorded at a redemption value and classified as temporary equity upon the completion of the IPO, in accordance with
Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 480 Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity. In such case, the
Company will proceed with a Business Combination if the Company has net tangible assets of at least upon such consummation
of a Business Combination and, if the Company seeks stockholder approval, a majority of the issued and outstanding shares voted are voted
in favor of the Business Combination. 

The Company will have months
(or months if extended) from the closing of the IPO to complete the initial Business Combination (the Combination Period ).
However, if the Company is unable to complete the initial Business Combination within the Combination Period, the Company will (i) cease
all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter,
redeem of the outstanding public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in
the Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company but net
of taxes payable (and less up to of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares,
which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further
liquidation distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption,
subject to the approval of the Company s remaining stockholders and the Company s board of directors, liquidate and dissolve,
subject (in the case of (ii) and (iii) above) to the Company s obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors
and the requirements of other applicable law. 

The Sponsor, officers and directors
have agreed (i) to vote any shares owned by them in favor of any proposed Business Combination, (ii) not to redeem any shares in connection
with a stockholder vote to approve a proposed initial Business Combination or sell any shares to the Company in a tender offer in connection
with a proposed initial Business Combination, (iii) that the founders shares will not participate in any liquidating distributions
from the Company s Trust Account upon winding up if a Business Combination is not consummated. 

The Sponsor has agreed that it will
be liable to ensure that the proceeds in the Trust Account are not reduced below per share by the claims of target businesses or
claims of vendors or other entities that are owed money by the Company for services rendered or contracted for or products sold to the
Company. The agreement to be entered into by the Sponsor will specifically provide for two exceptions to the indemnity it has given: it
will have no liability (1) as to any claimed amounts owed to a target business or vendor or other entity who has executed an agreement
with the Company waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind they may have in or to any monies held in the Trust Account,
or (2) as to any claims for indemnification by the underwriters of the IPO against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the
Securities Act. However, the Company has not asked its Sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations, nor has it independently
verified whether the Sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and believe that the Sponsor s only assets
are securities of the Company. Therefore, the Company believes it is unlikely that the Sponsor will be able to satisfy its indemnification
obligations if it is required to do so. 

Liquidity and Going Concern 

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming the Company will continue as a going concern ,
which contemplates, among other things, the realization of assets and satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. 

As of September 30, 2021, the Company
had in its operating account and working capital of , excluding taxes payable. 

In
order to finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Company s Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor
or certain of the Company s officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, provide the Company with Working Capital Loans,
as defined below (see Note 5). As of September 30, 2021, there were no amounts outstanding under any Working Capital Loans. The
Company has incurred and expects to continue to incur significant costs in pursuit of its acquisition plans. 

The Company s
liquidity needs to date have been satisfied through the proceeds received from the sale of its Founder Shares (as defined below)
to the Sponsor, the advances of from the Sponsor to cover the Company s offering costs in connection with the IPO, and
the net proceeds from the consummation of the Private Placement not held in the Trust Account. The balance of the advances from Sponsor
was fully repaid on August 17, 2021. 

In connection
with the Company s assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with FASB Accounting Standards Update ASU 2014-15, Disclosures of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern, 
management has determined that the Company has and will continue to incur significant costs in pursuit of its acquisition plans which
raises substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. No adjustments have been made to
the carrying amounts of assets or liabilities should the Company be required to liquidate after November 17, 2022. The financial statements
do not include any adjustment that might be necessary if the Company is unable to continue as a going concern. 

Risks and Uncertainties 

Management is continuing to evaluate
the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the industry and has concluded that while it is reasonably possible that the virus could have a
negative effect on the Company s financial position, results of its operations and/or search for a target company, the specific
impact is not readily determinable as of the date of these financial statements. The financial statements do not include any adjustments
that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

in cash
and cash equivalents as of September 30, 2021. 

days or less, investments in money market funds that invest in U.S. government securities, cash, or a combination thereof. The
Company s investments held in the Trust Account are classified as trading securities. Trading securities are presented on the balance
sheets at fair value at the end of each reporting period. Gains and losses resulting from the change in fair value of these securities
is included in gain on Investments Held in Trust Account in the accompanying statement of operations. The estimated fair values of investments
held in the Trust Account are determined using available market information and are characterized as Level 1 investments within the fair
value hierarchy under ASC 820 (as described below). 

. At September 30, 2021, the Company has not experienced losses on this
account and management believes the Company is not exposed to significant risks on such account. 

as a result of the IPO consisting of a underwriting commissions, and of other offering
costs. 

shares of common stock subject to possible redemption are presented at redemption value as temporary equity, outside
of the stockholders equity section of the Company s balance sheet. 

The
Company recognizes changes in redemption value immediately as they occur. Immediately upon the closing of the IPO, the Company recognized
the remeasurement adjustment from initial carrying amount to redemption book value. The change in the carrying value of redeemable common
stock resulted in charges against additional paid-in capital. 

Less: 

Proceeds allocated to public warrants 

Common stock issuance costs 

Plus: 

Remeasurement adjustment of carrying value of common stock subject to redemption
to its redemption value 

Common stock subject to possible redemption 

The calculation of diluted income
(loss) per share does not consider the effect of the warrants issued in connection with the IPO because the warrants are contingently
exercisable, and the contingencies have not yet been met. The warrants are exercisable to purchase 7,500,000 shares of common stock in
the aggregate. As of September 30, 2021, the Company did not have any dilutive securities or other contracts that could, potentially,
be exercised or converted into common stock and then share in the earnings of the Company. As a result, diluted net income (loss) per
common stock is the same as basic net income (loss) per common stock for the period presented. 

Accretion of the carrying value
of common stock subject to redemption value is excluded from net income per common stock because the redemption value approximates fair
value. 

Denominator 

Weighted-average shares outstanding 

Basic and diluted net loss per share 

The provision for income taxes was
deemed to be immaterial for the period from November 5, 2020 (inception) through September 30, 2021. 

shares to each of its Chief Executive Officer and to its President and shares to each of its independent directors.
The aggregate fair value of these shares was at issuance. At September 30, 2021, compensation expense was recognized related
to these shares that were vested. 

Units, at a price of per Unit. . Each whole warrant entitles the holder to purchase one share of common stock at a price of per share, subject
to adjustment. Only whole warrants are exercisable. No fractional warrants will be issued upon separation of the units and only whole
warrants will trade. 

The warrants will become exercisable
 days after the completion of the initial Business Combination, and will expire after the completion of the initial Business
Combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation (see Note 7). 

Following the closing of the IPO
and settlement of funds on August 17, 2021, per Unit) from the net proceeds of the sale of the Units in the IPO and
the sales of Private Shares was placed in the Trust Account and will be invested only in U.S. government treasury obligations with a maturity
of days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act which invest
only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. 

Private Shares, at a price of per Private Share, for
an aggregate purchase price of in a private placement. The proceeds from the sale of the Private Shares was added to the proceeds
of the IPO and placed in a U.S.-based trust account. If the Company does not complete an initial Business Combination within 15 months
(or 18 months if extended) from the closing of the IPO, the proceeds from the sale of the Private Shares will be included in the liquidating
distribution to the public stockholders and the Private Shares will be worthless. 

F- 13 

 Table of Contents 

,
or approximately per
share, to cover certain offering costs in consideration for shares
of common stock, par value .
On June 16, 2021, the Sponsor purchased an additional shares
of common stock at a purchase price of per
share, or an aggregate ,
and transferred shares
to its Chief Executive Officer and to its President and shares
to each of its independent
directors. On July 23, 2021, the Sponsor purchased an additional shares
of common stock at a purchase price of per
share, or an aggregate ,
resulting in the Sponsor holding an aggregate of shares
of common stock and the Chief Executive Officer, President and independent directors holding an aggregate of shares
of common stock (such shares, collectively, the Founder Shares ). The Founder Shares include an aggregate of up to shares
subject to forfeiture by the Sponsor to the extent that the underwriters over-allotment option is not exercised in full or in
part. On October 1, 2021 the underwriters over-allotment option expired unused resulting in founder
shares forfeited to the Company for no consideration (see Note 10). 

The Sponsor, officers and directors
have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any Founder Shares held by them until the earliest of (A) days after the completion of
the initial Business Combination and (B) subsequent to the initial Business Combination, the date on which the Company completes a liquidation,
merger, stock exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction that results in all of the public stockholders having the right to
exchange their public shares for cash, securities or other property. 

Additionally, upon consummation
of the IPO, the Sponsor sold membership interests in the Sponsor to anchor investors that purchased of the units sold in the IPO.
The Sponsor sold membership interests in the Sponsor entity reflecting an allocation of Founder Shares to each anchor investor,
or an aggregate of Founder Shares to all anchor investors, at a purchase price of approximately per share. The Company
estimated the aggregate fair value of these founder shares attributable to each anchor investor to be , or per share. The
Company has offset the excess of the fair value against the gross proceeds from these anchor investors as a reduction in its additional
paid-in capital in accordance with Staff Accounting Bulletin Topic 5A. 

Representative Common Stock 

On February 8, 2021, EarlyBirdCapital,
Inc. and Northland Securities, Inc. Northland purchased and shares of common stock representative
shares ), respectively, at an average purchase price of approximately per share, or an aggregate purchase price of .
On May 29, 2021, Northland returned shares of common stock to the Company, for no consideration, which were subsequently cancelled. 

The representative shares are identical
to the public shares included in the Units being sold in the IPO, except that the representative shares are subject to certain transfer
restrictions, as described in more detail below. 

The holders of the representative
shares have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any such shares until days after the completion of an initial Business Combination.
In addition, the holders of the representative shares have agreed (i) to waive their redemption rights (or right to participate in any
tender offer) with respect to such shares in connection with the completion of an initial Business Combination and (ii) to waive their
rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to such shares if the Company fails to complete an initial Business
Combination within months (or months if extended) from the closing of the IPO. 

Promissory Note Related
Party 

On February 3, 2021, the Sponsor
agreed to loan the Company up to to be used for a portion of the expenses of the IPO. These loans are non-interest bearing, unsecured
and are due at the earlier of or the closing of the IPO. The Company borrowed under the promissory note and
the Company repaid in full upon settlement of funds from the IPO on August 17, 2021. 

Working Capital Loans 

In order to meet the Company s
working capital needs following the consummation of the IPO, the Sponsor, officers, directors or their affiliates may, but are not obligated
to, loan the Company funds Working Capital Loans ), from time to time or at any time, in whatever amount they deem reasonable
in their sole discretion. Each loan would be non-interest bearing and be evidenced by a promissory note. The notes would either be paid
upon consummation of the initial Business Combination, without interest, or, at holder s discretion, up to of the notes
may be converted into shares at a price of per share. The shares would be identical to the Private Shares. In the event that the
initial Business Combination does not close, the Company may use a portion of the working capital held outside the Trust Account to repay
such loaned amounts, but no proceeds from the Trust Account would be used for such repayment. 

Administrative Service Fee 

Commencing on the date of the
IPO, the Company will pay the Sponsor 
per month for office space, utilities and secretarial support. Upon completion of the initial Business Combination or the
Company s liquidation, the Company will cease paying these monthly fees. As of September 30, 2021, the Company accrued 
administrative service fee. 

-day option from the date of the IPO to purchase up to an additional units to cover over-allotments, if any. 

The underwriters were paid a cash
underwriting discount of of the gross proceeds of the IPO, or (and are entitled to an additional of deferred
underwriting commission payable at the time of an initial Business Combination if the underwriters over-allotment is exercised
in full). On October 1, 2021 the underwriters over-allotment option expired unused resulting in the deferred underwriting
commission to be not payable to the underwriter (see note 10). 

Financial Advisory Fee 

The Company engaged Cohen 
Company Capital Markets, a division of J.V.B. Financial Group, LLC CCM ), an affiliate of a member of the Sponsor, to provide
consulting and advisory services in connection with the IPO, for which it received an advisory fee equal to one percent of the aggregate
proceeds of the IPO, or , upon closing of the IPO. Affiliates of CCM have and manage investment vehicles with a passive investment
in the Sponsor. On August 18, 2021, the Company paid to CCM in aggregate of . CCM has agreed to defer the payment of the portion
of the advisory fee attributable to over-allotment option until the consummation of the initial Business Combination. CCM is engaged to
represent the Company s interests only. The Company will also engage CCM as an advisor in connection with the initial Business Combination
for which it will earn an advisory fee of of the gross proceeds of the IPO, or , payable at closing of the Business Combination.
On October 1, 2021 the underwriters over-allotment option expired unused resulting in no additional fees and commissions related
to the over-allotment option to be not payable to CCM by the Company (see Note 10). 

Business Combination Marketing
Agreement 

The Company engaged the
representative of the underwriter as an advisor in connection with Business Combination to assist in holding meetings with the
Company s stockholders to discuss the potential Business Combination and the target business attributes, introduce the
Company to potential investors that are interested in purchasing the Company s securities in connection with the initial
Business Combination and assist the Company with press releases and public filings in connection with the Business Combination. The
Company will pay the representative a cash fee for such services upon the consummation of the initial Business Combination in an
amount equal to 
of the gross proceeds of the IPO, or .
The Company will also pay the representative a separate capital market advisory fee of 
upon completion of the initial Business Combination. Additionally, the Company will pay the representative a cash fee equal to 
of the total consideration payable in the proposed Business Combination if the representative introduces the Company to the target
business with which the Company completes a Business Combination; provided that the foregoing fee will not be paid prior to the date
that is 
days from the date of this prospectus, unless such payment would not be deemed underwriters compensation in connection with
this offering pursuant to FINRA Rule 5110. On October 1, 2021 the underwriters over-allotment option expired unused resulting
in no additional marketing fees related to the over-allotment option to be not payable to the representative on the underwriter by
the Company (see Note 10). 

Right of First Refusal 

If the Company determines to pursue
any equity, equity-linked, debt or mezzanine financing relating to or in connection with an initial Business Combination, then Northland
Securities, Inc. shall have the right, but not the obligation, to act as book running manager, placement agent and/or arranger, as the
case may be, in any and all such financing or financings. This right of first refusal extends from the date of the IPO until the earlier
of the consummation of an initial Business Combination or the liquidation of the Trust Account if the Company fails to consummate a Business
Combination during the required time period. 

shares of preferred stock with a par value of and with such designations, voting and
other rights and preferences as may be determined from time to time by the Company s board of directors. As of September 30, 2021,
there were shares of preferred stock issued or outstanding. 

Common stock The
Company is authorized to issue shares of common stock with a par value of per share. At September 30, 2021, there
were shares of common stock issued and outstanding (excluding shares subject to redemption). On February 3, 2021,
affiliates of the Sponsor paid , or approximately per share, to cover certain offering costs in consideration for 
Founder Shares. On February 8, 2021, EarlyBirdCapital, Inc. and Northland purchased and representative shares, respectively,
at an average purchase price of approximately per share, or an aggregate purchase price of . 

On May 29, 2021, Northland
returned 
shares of common stock to the Company, for no consideration, which were subsequently cancelled and on June 16, 2021, the Sponsor
purchased an additional 
shares of common stock at a purchase price of 
per share, resulting in the Sponsor holding an aggregate of 
shares of common stock. On June 16, 2021, the Sponsor transferred 
shares to its Chief Executive Officer and to its President and 
shares to each of its 
outside directors. The Founder Shares include an aggregate of up to 
shares subject to forfeiture by the Sponsor to the extent that the underwriters over-allotment option is not exercised in
full or in part. On October 1, 2021 the underwriter s over-allotment option expired unused resulting in 
founder shares forfeited to the Company for no consideration. As of September 30, 2021, there were shares of common stock
issued and outstanding, excluding shares subject to redemption. 

Common stockholders of record are
entitled to held on all matters to be voted on by stockholders. In connection with any vote held to approve the
initial Business Combination, the Sponsor, as well as all of the Company s officers and directors, have agreed to vote their respective
shares of common stock owned by them immediately prior to the IPO and any shares purchased in the IPO or following the IPO in the open
market in favor of the proposed Business Combination. 

Warrants Each
whole warrant entitles the holder to purchase one share of common stock at a price of per share, subject to adjustment as discussed
herein. The warrants will become exercisable days after the completion of the Company s initial Business Combination. However,
no warrants will be exercisable for cash unless the Company has an effective and current registration statement covering the shares of
common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants and a current prospectus relating to such shares of common stock. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, if a registration statement covering the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the public warrants is not effective
within days following the consummation of the initial Business Combination, warrant holders may, until such time as there is an effective
registration statement and during any period when the Company shall have failed to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise
warrants on a cashless basis pursuant to the exemption provided by Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act, provided that such exemption
is available. If that exemption, or another exemption, is not available, holders will not be able to exercise their warrants on a cashless
basis. In the event of such cashless exercise, each holder would pay the exercise price by surrendering the warrants for that number of
shares of common stock equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of shares of common stock underlying the
warrants, multiplied by the difference between the exercise price of the warrants and the fair market value (defined below)
by (y) the fair market value. The fair market value for this purpose will mean the average reported last sale price of the
shares of common stock for the trading days ending on the trading day prior to the date of exercise. The warrants will expire on the
fifth anniversary of the completion of an initial Business Combination, at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, or earlier upon redemption or
liquidation. 

The Company may call the warrants
for redemption, in whole and not in part, at a price of per warrant, in whole and not in part: 

at any time after the warrants become exercisable, 

upon not less than days prior written notice of redemption to each warrant holder 

if, and only if, the reported last sale price of the common stock equals or exceeds per share (as
adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations) for any trading days within a -trading day period
commencing at any time after the warrants become exercisable and ending on the third business day prior to the notice of redemption to
warrant holders; and 

if, and only if, there is a current registration statement in effect with respect to the shares of common
stock underlying such warrants. 

If the Company calls the warrants
for redemption as described above, the Company s management will have the option to require all holders that wish to exercise warrants
to do so on a cashless basis. In such event, each holder would pay the exercise price by surrendering the warrants for that
number of shares of common stock equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of shares of common stock underlying
the warrants, multiplied by the difference between the exercise price of the warrants and the fair market value (defined
below) by (y) the fair market value. The fair market value for this purpose shall mean the average reported last sale price
of the shares of common stock for the trading days ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the notice of redemption
is sent to the holders of warrants. 

In addition, if (x) the Company
issues additional shares of common stock or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of the
initial Business Combination at an issue price or effective issue price of less than per share of common stock (with such issue
price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by the Company s board of directors, and in the case of any such
issuance to the Sponsor, initial stockholders or their affiliates, without taking into account any founders shares held by them
prior to such issuance), (y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than of the total equity proceeds, and
interest thereon, available for the funding of the initial Business Combination on the date of the consummation of the initial Business
Combination (net of redemptions), and (z) the Market Value is below per share, the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted
(to the nearest cent) to be equal to of the greater of (i) the Market Value or (ii) the price at which the Company issues the additional
shares of common stock or equity-linked securities. 

F- 17 

 Table of Contents 

Stock-based compensation 

Federal net operating loss 

Total deferred tax asset 

Valuation allowance 

Deferred tax asset, net of allowance 

State 

Current 

Deferred 

Change in valuation allowance 

Income tax provision 

As of September 30, 2021, the Company
has of U.S. federal net operating loss carryovers, which do not expire, and no state net operating loss carryovers available to
offset future taxable income. 

In assessing the realization of
the deferred tax assets, management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion of all of the deferred tax assets will
not be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income during the
periods in which temporary differences representing net future deductible amounts become deductible. Management considers the scheduled
reversal of deferred tax liabilities, projected future taxable income and tax planning strategies in making this assessment. After consideration
of all of the information available, management believes that significant uncertainty exists with respect to future realization of the
deferred tax assets and has therefore established a full valuation allowance. For the period from November 5, 2020 (inception) through
September 30, 2021, the change in the valuation allowance was . 

State taxes, net of federal tax benefit 

Permanent Book/Tax Differences 

Change in valuation allowance 

Income tax provision 

The Company files income tax returns
in the U.S. federal jurisdiction in various state and local jurisdictions and is subject to examination by the various taxing authorities. 

F- 18 

 Table of Contents 

The proposed business combination values
Rezolve at a pro forma enterprise value of approximately billion and a pro forma market capitalization of approximately billion . 

Upon the closing of the transactions, the combined company will be named
Rezolve Group Limited and will continue to be listed on The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC under the new ticker symbol ZONE. 

Representations and Warranties 

The Business Combination Agreement contains customary
representations and warranties of the parties thereto with respect to, among other things, (i) entity organization and qualification,
(ii) capitalization, (iii) authorization to enter into such agreements, (iv) financial statements, (v) consents and requisite government
approvals, (vi) licenses and permits, (vii) material contracts, (viii) absence of changes, (ix) litigation, (x) compliance with law, (xi)
employee plans, (xii) environmental matters, (xiii) intellectual property, (xiv) labor matters, (xv) insurance, (xvi) tax matters, (xvii)
brokers, (xviii) real and personal property, (xix) transactions with affiliates, (xx) data privacy and security, (xxi) compliance with
international trade laws, (xxii) information supplied, and (xxiii) regulatory compliance. 

Covenants 

The Business Combination Agreement includes customary
covenants of the parties with respect to the operation of Rezolve s business prior to the consummation of the Business Combination,
and, as applicable, efforts to satisfy the conditions to consummation of the Business Combination. The Business Combination Agreement
also contains additional covenants of the parties, including, among others, covenants providing for the parties to use their reasonable
best efforts to obtain all consents, approvals, authorizations, qualifications and orders of Governmental Authorities and other persons
to fulfill the conditions therein, as set forth in the Business Combination Agreement, and for the preparation and filing of a registration
statement on Form F-4 relating to the Business Combination and the preparation of a proxy statement of Armada. 

Incentive Plan 

In connection with the Business Combination, an equity
incentive award plan for Cayman NewCo will be adopted and approved and will be submitted to Armada s stockholders for approval.
The equity incentive plan with an initial award pool of Cayman NewCo ordinary shares not to exceed five percent of the fully diluted
issued and outstanding equity securities of Cayman NewCo as of the Closing. 

Conditions to Closing 

The Company Reorganization is to occur on the first
business day following the satisfaction of the specified conditions and at least 10 days following the Company Reorganization Date, the
Merger Closing is to take place. The consummation of the Business Combination is subject to the satisfaction or waiver of certain customary
closing conditions of the respective parties, including: (a) no order, judgement, injunction or law being issued by any court prohibiting
the consummation of the Business Combination (b) the registration statement of Cayman NewCo shall have become effective (c)
Armada s stockholders shall have approved, among other things, the Business Combination (d) written consent of the requisite
stockholders of Rezolve shall have been given (e) the Company Reorganization and Merger shall have occurred (f) the expiration
or termination of any applicable waiting period under applicable anti-trust laws (g) the ordinary shares of Cayman NewCo being listed
on The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC or other applicable national exchange as of the Closing Date (h) upon the closing, and after giving
effect to the Company Reorganization, PIPE financing, the Merger and the Promissory Note, Armada shall have net tangible assets of at
least (i) the Incentive Plan shall have been adopted and (j) the parties shall have become parties to the Investor Rights
Agreement. 

Termination 

The Business Combination Agreement allows the parties
to terminate such agreements if certain conditions described therein are satisfied, including as follows: 

by mutual written consent of Armada and Rezolve 

by Armada or Rezolve, if the other party has breached any of its representations and warranties or failed
to perform any of its covenants or agreements, in each case, such that certain conditions to Closing would not be satisfied and the breach
of such representations, warranties, covenants or agreements, as applicable, is (or are) not cured or cannot be cured within the earlier
of (i) 30 days after written notice thereof is delivered to the breaching party, and (ii) the Termination Date (as defined below), provided
that no party may exercise its right to terminate the Business Combination Agreement if such party is then in breach of the Business Combination
Agreement so as to prevent certain conditions to Closing from being satisfied 

by either Armada or Rezolve if the Business Combination is not consummated on or before August 31, 2022
(the Termination Date ), provided that the right to terminate the Business
Combination Agreement will not be available to any party whose breach of any of its covenants or obligations under the Business Combination
Agreement has primarily caused the failure of the Business Combination to occur on or before the Termination Date 

by either Armada or Rezolve if a governmental entity shall have issued an order, decree, judgment or ruling
or taken any other action, in any case having the effect of permanently restraining, enjoining or otherwise prohibiting the Business Combination,
which order, decree, judgment, ruling or other action is final and non-appealable 

by either Armada or Rezolve if the Armada shareholder approval has not been obtained 

by Armada if Rezolve does not deliver, or cause to be delivered, the written consent of Rezolve s
shareholders within twenty-four (24) hours after Armada notifies Rezolve of the effectiveness of the Registration Statement; 

by Armada if the PCAOB Financial Statements are not delivered to Armada by Rezolve on or before the date
that is sixty (60) days from the date of the Business Combination Agreement 

by either Armada or Rezolve after service of a Determination Notice (as defined in the Business Combination
Agreement) or 

by either the Armada or Rezolve if as of the Business Day before the expected Company Reorganization Date,
the Aggregate Transaction Proceeds (excluding any amount pursuant to the Subscription Agreement to which Apeiron Investment Group Limited
is party and any other amounts invested by the investors specified in the Business Combination Agreement) provided or committed to be
provided are not more than million . 

For additional information regarding the Business
Combination Agreement, refer to the text of the Business Combination Agreement filed with this Annual Report on Form 10-K as Exhibit 2.1. 

Transaction Support Agreement 

Concurrently with the execution and delivery of the
Business Combination Agreement, Armada and the Key Company Shareholders (as defined in the Business Combination Agreement) have entered
into the Transaction Support Agreement (the Transaction Support Agreement ),
pursuant to which, among other things, the Key Company Shareholders have agreed to (a) enter into the transfer and exchange agreement
in order to effect the Company Reorganization, (b) vote in favor of the Business Combination Agreement and the agreements contemplated
thereby and the transactions contemplated hereby, (c) enter into the Investor Rights Agreement at Closing and (d) the termination of certain
agreements effective as of Closing. 

For additional information regarding the Transaction
Support Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby, refer to the text of the Transaction Support Agreement filed with this Annual
Report on Form 10-K as Exhibit 10.8. 

Subscription Agreements 

In connection with the execution of the Business Combination
Agreement, Armada and Cayman NewCo entered into certain subscription agreements, each dated December 17, 2021 (the Subscription
Agreements ), with certain investors, pursuant to which such investors have agreed to purchase an aggregate of 
ordinary shares (the PIPE Shares of Cayman NewCo (together, the Subscriptions ),
for a purchase price of per share, for an aggregate purchase price of million to be issued substantially concurrently with
the consummation of the Business Combination. The obligations of each party to consummate the Subscriptions are conditioned upon, among
other things, customary closing conditions. The ordinary shares of Cayman NewCo to be issued in connection with the Subscription Agreements
and the transactions contemplated thereby will not be registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities
Act and will be issued in reliance on the exemption from registration requirements thereof provided by Section 4(a)(2)
of the Securities Act and/or Regulation D or Regulation S promulgated thereunder as a transaction by an issuer not involving a public
offering. 

Pursuant to the Subscription Agreements, Cayman NewCo
has agreed that, within 45 calendar days following the closing of the Business Combination, Cayman NewCo will file with the SEC (at Cayman
NewCo s sole cost and expense) a registration statement registering the resale of the PIPE Shares and any other ordinary shares
held by the investor or its permitted transferees (the Resale Registration Statement ),
and Cayman NewCo will use its commercially reasonable efforts to have the Resale Registration Statement declared effective as soon as
practicable after the filing thereof, but no later than 60 calendar days (or 90 calendar days if the SEC notifies Cayman NewCo that it
will review the Resale Registration Statement and provides comments thereto) after the closing of the Business Combination, subject to
customary conditions and covenants. 

For additional information regarding the Subscription
Agreements and the transactions contemplated thereby, refer to the text of the form of Subscription Agreement filed with this Annual Report
on Form 10-K as Exhibit 10.9. 

F- 22 

 Table of Contents 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS
WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

As
of September 30, 2021, we did not have changes in, or disagreements with, our independent registered public accounting firm on our accounting
and financial disclosure. 

 ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure controls and procedures
are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in our Exchange Act reports is recorded, processed, summarized,
and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated
to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer or persons performing similar functions,
as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure . 

 Under the supervision and
with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial and accounting officer, we
conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of September 30, 2021, as such term is defined
in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act. Based on this
evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial and accounting officer have concluded that as of September 30, 2021,
our disclosure controls and procedures were effective. 

 Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

 Management is responsible
for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting for the Company. Management assessed the effectiveness
of our internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2021. Based on its assessment, management concluded that our internal
control over financial reporting was effective as of September 30, 2021. 

 This Report does not include
an attestation report of the Company s registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. As
an emerging growth company, management s report is not subject to attestation by our registered public accounting firm. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

 There were no changes to our internal control over financial
reporting that occurred during our fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2021 that have materially affected or are reasonably likely to materially
affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

 None. 

72 

 Table of Contents 

PART III 

 ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

 As of the date of this Form
10-K, our directors and executive officers are as follows: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Title 
 
 Stephen P. Herbert 
 
 58 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and Chairman 
 
 Douglas M. Lurio 
 
 64 
 
 President, Treasurer, Secretary and Director 
 
 Mohammad A. Khan 
 
 63 
 
 Director 
 
 Thomas A. Decker 
 
 75 
 
 Director 
 
 Celso L. White 
 
 59 
 
 Director 

Stephen P. Herbert has
served as our Chief Executive Officer and Chairman since our inception. Mr. Herbert was affiliated with USAT in various positions from
April 1996 to October 2019, most recently as CEO from November 2011 until he left the company. During his tenure at USAT, Mr. Herbert
was recognized for his innovative leadership, including by Smart CEO, and as an EY Entrepreneur of the Year Finalist in the Greater Philadelphia
area, and USAT received the following awards: Frost and Sullivan for Customer Value Leadership in the Integrated Financial Services and
Retail Market, IoT Evolution Smart Machines Innovation, and a Deloitte Fast 500 Company. From 1986 to April 1996, Mr. Herbert was employed
by Pepsi-Cola, the beverage division of PepsiCo, Inc., in various capacities, most recently as Manager of Market Strategy where he was
responsible for directing development of market strategy for the vending channel, and subsequently, the supermarket channel for Pepsi-Cola
in North America. Mr. Herbert graduated with a Bachelor of Science degree from Louisiana State University. He serves on the LSU, Dean s
Advisory Council for the College of Humanities, and the LSU Foundation National Board which is the group leading the University s
present 1.5 billion capital campaign. 

Douglas M. Lurio has
served as our President and Director since our inception. He was the outside general counsel of USAT for 29 years from its founding in
1991 until April 2020. He also served as a Director of the company from 1999 to 2012 and as corporate Secretary from 2012 to April 2020.
Since 1991, Mr. Lurio has been the founder and President of Lurio Associates, P.C., a law firm based in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania,
which focuses on corporate and securities law. From 1984 to 1991, he was an attorney with the law firm of Dilworth Paxson, first as an
associate and then as a partner in the securities and corporate group in 1990. He served as a law clerk for the Honorable William T. Nicholas
of the Court of Common Pleas of Montgomery County, Pennsylvania, from 1981 through 1982. He was counsel and a director of Moro Corporation
(OTCQX: MRCR), which is engaged in the construction contracting business from start-up founding in 1999 until July 2019. Since 1989, he
has also served as corporate Secretary and Director of Elbeco Incorporated, a leading manufacturer of career apparel and uniforms for
first responders such as EMS personnel, police and firefighters. He attended Franklin Marshall College (B.A., Government), Villanova
Law School (Juris Doctor) and Temple Law School (LLM, Taxation). 

Mohammad A. Khan , our director,
is currently the President and a Board member of Omnyway, Inc. (previously OmnyPay), which he co-founded in August 2014, and which abstracts
the complexities of disparate digital wallet payment systems to enable elegant, flexible and scalable implementations in physical stores
and online. He was the President and Board member of ViVOtech (acquired by a Sequent Software, Inc. in August 2012) from the time he founded
it in May 2001 until August 2012. ViVOtech pioneered making a mobile device a viable payment media for consumers using Near Field Communications
(NFC) technology as well as making mobile an efficient marketing and advertising channel. While at ViVOtech, Mr. Khan assisted in enabling
the adoption of NFC mobile payments through shipping of more than 800,000 NFC POS readers to merchants globally and driving more than
20 field trials of NFC mobile payments, coupons, and loyalty. From 1984 until 1998, he was part of the industry team at VeriFone (acquired
by Hewlett Packard in 1997) that lead the effort to make Magnetic Stripe Cards the primary payment media for in-store payments, Smart
Cards to be secured payment media for in-store payments, and the adoption of Internet payments and online e-commerce globally. From February
2014 to January 2021, Mr. Khan had been a Board advisor of Poynt Co. which offers an all-in-one omnicommerce payment solution and which
was acquired by GoDaddy, Inc. (NYSE: GDDY) in February 2021. He has served on the Boards of numerous FinTech companies, including as Chairman
of the Board of YellowPepper Holding Corporation from June 2015 to September 2018, which provided mobile payment solutions, and which
was acquired by VISA in October 2020. Mr. Khan is the inventor of more than 40 United States patents which have been granted by the United
States Trademark and Patent Office. Mr. Khan attended the University of Engineering Technology, Lahore, Punjab, Pakistan, and was
awarded a B.Sc. in Electrical Engineering. He also attended the University of Hawaii, Manoa, and received a M.S. degree in Electrical Engineering. 

73 

 Table of Contents 

Thomas (Tad) A. Decker ,
our director, has been the Vice Chairman of Cozen O Connor, a law firm with 30 offices and over 775 attorneys, since 2013. He served
as Chief Executive Officer of the firm from 2007 to 2012, and as Managing Partner from May 2000 until 2004. From 2004 until 2007, he served
as inaugural Chairman of the Pennsylvania Gaming Control Board following the appointment by Pennsylvania Governor Edward G. Rendell. He
served as General Counsel and Executive Vice President for Asbury Automotive, Inc. from 1999 to 2000; General Counsel and Executive Vice
President for Unisource Worldwide, Inc. (NYSE: UWW) from 1997 to 1999; and General Counsel, Secretary, Acting CFO and Chief Operating
Officer for Saint-Gobain Corporation from 1974 to 1997. Since 2004, he has served on the Board of Directors of Actua Corporation (Nasdaq:
ACTA), including serving as a member of its Audit Committee, Compensation Committee and Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee.
He served as a Director and a member at various times of the Audit Committee and Compensation Committee of Pierce Leahy Corporation (NYSE:
PLH) from 1993 to 1999, and has served as a Board member of numerous nonprofit institutions. He is also a director of The Gesu School.
He is a former chair of the Philadelphia Municipal Authority and a former board member of the Delaware River Port Authority, Port Authority
Transit Corp. (PATCO), the Philadelphia Zoo, and a former a vice chair of the Kimmel Center for the Performing Arts. Mr. Decker has a
Juris Doctor degree from the University of Virginia School of Law and a Bachelor of Arts (History) degree from the University of Pennsylvania.
Mr. Decker served in the United States Army earning the rank of Captain. 

 Celso L. White, our director, he
has worked as the co-founder of Igniting Business Growth LLC, a consultancy business, since January 2020. From 2013 to December 2019,
he served as the Global Chief Supply Chain Officer at Molson Coors Brewing Company Molson Coors (NYSE: TAP), an international
brewery. From 2010 to January 2013, he served as the Vice President of International Supply Chain at Molson Coors. From 1998 until 2010,
he was at PepsiCola Pepsi (Nasdaq: PEP), where he had multiple roles. From 2004 until 2010, he was Pepsi s Vice
President and General Manager of Concentrate Operations, responsible for the Americas and parts of Asia. From 1998 until 2004, he lead
Pepsi s research and development process and manufacturing technology teams. Since 2018, he has served as a Board member of CF Industries
Holdings, Inc. (NYSE: CF), a manufacturer and distributor of nitrogen products, and is a member of the Board s Compensation and
Management Development Committee. He also serves on the Board of Colorado UpLift, a nonprofit organization whose mission is to build long-term
relationships with urban youth in Denver, Colorado. He is also a member of the Bradley University Board of Trustees. Mr. White received
his MBA with a concentration in Operations Management from DePaul University and a B.S. degree in Electrical Engineering from Bradley
University. 

 Involvement in Certain Legal Proceedings 

 During the past ten years, none of the Company s
executive officers, directors or nominees have (i) been convicted in a criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and similar
misdemeanors) or (ii) been a party to any judicial or administrative proceeding (except for matters that were dismissed without sanction
or settlement) that resulted in a judgment, decree or final order enjoining such person from future violations of, or prohibiting activities
subject to, federal or state securities laws, or a finding of any violation of federal or state securities laws. 

 During the past ten years (i) no petition
has been filed under federal bankruptcy laws or any state insolvency laws by or against any of our executive officers, directors or nominees,
(ii) no receiver, fiscal agent or similar officer was appointed by a court for the business or property of any of our executive officers,
directors or nominees, and (iii) none of our executive officers, directors or nominees was an executive officer of any business entity
or a general partner of any partnership at or within two years before the filing of a petition under the federal bankruptcy laws or any
state insolvency laws by or against such entity. All of the Company s executive officers, directors and nominees listed above are
U.S. citizens. 

74 

 Table of Contents 

As of the date of this Form 10-K, we are not
subject to any material legal proceedings, nor, to our knowledge, are any material legal proceedings threatened against us or any of our
executive officers or directors in their corporate capacity. 

 Number and Terms of Office of Officers and
Directors 

We currently have five directors.
Our board of directors is divided into three classes with only one class of directors being elected in each year and each class (except
for those directors appointed prior to our first annual meeting of stockholders) serving a three-year term. In accordance with Nasdaq
corporate governance requirements, we are not required to hold an annual meeting until one full year after our first fiscal year end following
our listing on Nasdaq. 

The term of office of the Class
A directors, consisting of Mr. White, will expire at our first annual meeting of stockholders. The term of office of Class B directors,
consisting of Messrs. Decker and Khan, will expire at the second annual meeting of stockholders. The term of office of the Class C directors,
consisting of Messrs. Herbert and Lurio, will expire at the third annual meeting of stockholders. 

Our officers are appointed by
the board of directors and serve at the discretion of the board of directors, rather than for specific terms of office. Our board of directors
is authorized to appoint persons to the offices set forth in our bylaws as it deems appropriate. Our bylaws provide that our officers
may consist of a Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, President, Vice Presidents, Secretary, Treasurer,
Assistant Secretaries and such other offices as may be determined by the board of directors. 

 Board Meetings 

 During
our 2021 fiscal year, there was one meeting of our board of directors. All of our directors attended at least 75 of the meetings held
during fiscal year 2021. All directors are expected to attend meetings of the board of directors, meetings of the Committees upon which
they serve and meetings of our stockholders absent cause. 

 Director Independence 

Currently, Messrs. Decker, Khan
and White is each considered an independent director under the Nasdaq listing rules, which is defined generally as a person
other than an officer or employee of the company or its subsidiaries or any other individual having a relationship, which, in the opinion
of the company s board of directors would interfere with the director s exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the
responsibilities of a director. 

Our independent directors will
have regularly scheduled meetings at which only independent directors are present. 

Any affiliated transactions will
be on terms no less favorable to us than could be obtained from independent parties. Our board of directors will review and approve all
affiliated transactions with any interested director abstaining from such review and approval. 

 Executive Sessions 

 Under NASDAQ Marketplace
Rule 5605(b)(2), our independent directors are required to hold regular executive sessions. The independent directors meet in executive
session (with no management directors or management present) from time to time, but at least once annually. The executive sessions include
whatever topics the independent directors deem appropriate. 

75 

 Table of Contents 

Audit Committee 

 We have established an
audit committee of the board of directors, which consists of Messrs. Decker, Kahn, and White, each of whom is an independent director
under Nasdaq s listing standards. The audit committee s duties, which are specified in our Audit Committee Charter, include,
but are not limited to: 

reviewing and discussing with management and the independent auditor the annual audited financial statements, and recommending to the board whether the audited financial statements should be included in our Form 10-K; 

discussing with management and the independent auditor significant financial reporting issues and judgments made in connection with the preparation of our financial statements; 

discussing with management major risk assessment and risk management policies; 

monitoring the independence of the independent auditor; 

verifying the rotation of the lead (or coordinating) audit partner having primary responsibility for the audit and the audit partner responsible for reviewing the audit as required by law; 

reviewing and approving all related-party transactions; 

inquiring and discussing with management our compliance with applicable laws and regulations; 

pre-approving all audit services and permitted non-audit services to be performed by our independent auditor, including the fees and terms of the services to be performed; 

appointing or replacing the independent auditor; 

determining the compensation and oversight of the work of the independent auditor (including resolution of disagreements between management and the independent auditor regarding financial reporting) for the purpose of preparing or issuing an audit report or related work; 

establishing procedures for the receipt, retention and treatment of complaints received by us regarding accounting, internal accounting controls or reports which raise material issues regarding our financial statements or accounting policies; and 

approving reimbursement of expenses incurred by our management team in identifying potential target businesses. 
 
 Financial Experts on Audit
Committee 

 The audit committee will
at all times be composed exclusively of independent directors who are financially literate as defined under
Nasdaq s listing standards. Nasdaq s standards define financially literate as being able to read and understand
fundamental financial statements, including a company s balance sheet, income statement and cash flow statement. 

 In addition, we must certify
to Nasdaq that the committee has, and will continue to have, at least one member who has past employment experience in finance or accounting,
requisite professional certification in accounting, or other comparable experience or background that results in the individual s
financial sophistication. The board of directors has determined that Mr. Decker qualifies as an audit committee financial expert, 
as defined under rules and regulations of the SEC. 

76 

 Table of Contents 

Director Nominations 

 We do not have a standing
nominating committee though we intend to form a corporate governance and nominating committee as and when required to do so by law or
Nasdaq rules. In accordance with Rule 5605 of the Nasdaq rules, a majority of the independent directors may recommend a director nominee
for selection by the board of directors. The board of directors believes that the independent directors can satisfactorily carry out the
responsibility of properly selecting or approving director nominees without the formation of a standing nominating committee. The directors
who will participate in the consideration and recommendation of director nominees are Messrs. Decker, Kahn, and White. In accordance with
Rule 5605 of the Nasdaq rules, all such directors are independent. As there is no standing nominating committee, we do not have a nominating
committee charter in place. 

 The board of directors
will also consider director candidates recommended for nomination by our stockholders during such times as they are seeking proposed nominees
to stand for election at the next annual meeting of stockholders (or, if applicable, a special meeting of stockholders). Our stockholders
that wish to nominate a director for election to our board of directors should follow the procedures set forth in our bylaws. 

 We have not formally established
any specific, minimum qualifications that must be met or skills that are necessary for directors to possess. In general, in identifying
and evaluating nominees for director, the board of directors considers educational background, diversity of professional experience, knowledge
of our business, integrity, professional reputation, independence, wisdom, and the ability to represent the best interests of our stockholders. 

 Compensation Committee 

 We have established a compensation
committee of the board of directors, which consists of Messrs. Decker and Kahn, each of whom is an independent director under Nasdaq s
listing standards. The compensation committee s duties, which are specified in our Compensation Committee Charter, include, but
are not limited to: 

reviewing and approving on an annual basis the corporate goals and objectives relevant to our Chief Executive Officer s compensation, evaluating our Chief Executive Officer s performance in light of such goals and objectives and determining and approving the remuneration (if any) of our Chief Executive Officer based on such evaluation; 

reviewing and approving the compensation of all of our other executive officers; 

reviewing our executive compensation policies and plans; 

implementing and administering our incentive compensation equity-based remuneration plans; 

assisting management in complying with our proxy statement and annual report disclosure requirements; 

approving all special perquisites, special cash payments and other special compensation and benefit arrangements for our executive officers and employees; 

if required, producing a report on executive compensation to be included in our annual proxy statement; and 

reviewing, evaluating and recommending changes, if appropriate, to the remuneration for directors. 

77 

 Table of Contents 

Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider
Participation 

 None of our executive officers currently serves,
and in the past year has not served, as a member of the board of directors or compensation committee of any entity that has one or more
executive officers serving on our board of directors. 

 Section 16 (a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting
Compliance 

 Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, as amended, requires our executive officers, directors and persons who beneficially own more than ten percent of our common stock
to file reports of ownership and changes in ownership with the SEC. These reporting persons are also required to furnish us with copies
of all Section 16(a) forms they file. Based solely upon a review of such Forms, we believe that during the year ended September 30, 2021
there were no delinquent filers. 

 Code of Ethics 

 We have adopted a code
of ethics that applies to all of our executive officers, directors and employees. The code of ethics codifies the business and ethical
principles that govern all aspects of our business. 

 Conflicts of Interest 

 In general, officers and
directors of a corporation incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware are required to present business opportunities to a corporation
if: 

the corporation could financially undertake the opportunity; 

the opportunity is within the corporation s line of business; and 

it would not be fair to the corporation and its stockholders for the opportunity not to be brought to the attention of the corporation. 
 
 Our amended and restated
certificate of incorporation provides that: 

except as may be prescribed by any written agreement with us, we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of our company and such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue; and 

our officers and directors will not be liable to our company or our stockholders for monetary damages for breach of any fiduciary duty by reason of any of our activities or any of our sponsor or its affiliates to the fullest extent permitted by Delaware law. 
 
 Our officers and directors
are, and may in the future become, affiliated with other companies. In order to minimize potential conflicts of interest which may arise
from such other corporate affiliations, each of our officers and directors has contractually agreed, pursuant to a written agreement with
us, until the earliest of our execution of a definitive agreement for a business combination, our liquidation or such time as he ceases
to be an officer or director, to present to our company for our consideration, prior to presentation to any other entity, any suitable
business opportunity which may reasonably be required to be presented to us, subject to any pre-existing fiduciary or contractual obligations
he might have. The foregoing agreement does not restrict our officers and directors from becoming affiliated with other companies in the
future which could take priority over our company. However, we believe that such agreement still benefits us because our officers and
directors are obligated to present suitable business opportunities to us to the extent that none of their other fiduciary or contractual
obligations require them to present it to another entity. 

78 

 Table of Contents 

The following table summarizes
the pre-existing fiduciary or contractual obligations of our officers and directors besides our sponsor: 

Name of Individual 
 
 Name of Affiliated Entity 
 
 Affiliation 
 
 Douglas M. Lurio 
 
 Elbeco Incorporated 
 
 Director 

Lurio Associates, P.C. 
 
 Founder and President 

Mohammad A. Khan 
 
 Omnyway, Inc. 
 
 Co-founder, President and Director 

Thomas A. Decker 
 
 Actua Corporation 
 
 Director 

Cozen O Connor 
 
 Vice Chairman 

Celso L. White 
 
 Igniting Business Growth LLC 
 
 Co-Founder and Chief Executive Officer 

CF Industries Holdings, Inc. 
 
 Director 
 
 While the foregoing may
limit the pool of potential business combination candidates, we do not believe that this limitation will be material. 

 Investors should also be
aware of the following additional potential conflicts of interest: 

None of our officers and directors is required to commit their full time to our affairs and, accordingly, they may have conflicts of interest in allocating their time among various business activities. 

Unless we consummate our initial business combination, our officers, directors and sponsor will not receive reimbursement or repayment for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred by them, or loans made to us, to the extent that such expenses exceed the amount of available proceeds not deposited in the trust account. 

The founder shares and private shares beneficially owned by our initial stockholders will become worthless if a business combination is not consummated. Additionally, our officers and directors and affiliates will not receive liquidation distributions from the trust account with respect to any of the founder shares or the private shares. Furthermore, our sponsor has agreed that the private shares will not be sold or transferred by it until after we have completed a business combination. 
 
 For the foregoing reasons,
our board may have a conflict of interest in determining whether a particular target business is appropriate to effect a business combination
with. 

79 

 Table of Contents 

To further minimize conflicts
of interest, we have agreed not to consummate an initial business combination with an entity that is affiliated with any of our officers,
directors, or sponsor unless we have obtained an opinion from an independent investment banking firm, or another independent entity that
commonly renders valuation opinions, that the business combination is fair to our unaffiliated stockholders from a financial point of
view. We will also need to obtain the approval of a majority of our disinterested independent directors. Furthermore, other than payments
to CCM, in no event will any of our sponsor, members of our management team or their respective affiliates be paid any compensation prior
to, or for any services they render in order to effectuate, the consummation of an initial business combination (regardless of the type
of transaction that it is) other than the 10,000 per month administrative fee, the payment of consulting, success or finder fees to our
sponsor, officers, directors, initial stockholders or their affiliates in connection with the consummation of our initial business combination,
repayment of the up to 300,000 loan and reimbursement of any out-of-pocket expenses. 

 Limitation on Liability and Indemnification
of Officers and Directors 

 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
provides that our officers and directors will be indemnified by us to the fullest extent authorized by Delaware law, as it now exists
or may in the future be amended. In addition, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that our directors will not
be personally liable for monetary damages to us for breaches of their fiduciary duty as directors, except to the extent such exemption
from liability or limitation thereof is not permitted by Delaware law. 

 We have entered into agreements without officers
and directors to provide contractual indemnification in addition to the indemnification provided for in our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation. Our bylaws also permit us to maintain insurance on behalf of any officer, director or employee for any liability arising
out of his or her actions, regardless of whether Delaware law would permit such indemnification. We also have obtained a policy of directors 
and officers liability insurance that insures our officers and directors against the cost of defense, settlement or payment of
a judgment in some circumstances and insures us against our obligations to indemnify our officers and directs. 

 These provisions may discourage stockholders
from bringing a lawsuit against our directors for breach of their fiduciary duty. These provisions also may have the effect of reducing
the likelihood of derivative litigation against officers and directors, even though such an action, if successful, might otherwise benefit
us and our stockholders. Furthermore, a stockholder s investment may be adversely affected to the extent we pay the costs of settlement
and damage awards against officers and directors pursuant to these indemnification provisions. 

 We believe that these provisions, the directors 
and officers liability insurance and the indemnity agreements are necessary to attract and retain talented and experiences officers
and directors. 

 ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

 Compensation Discussion and Analysis 

No executive officer has received
any cash compensation for services rendered to us. Commencing on the date of our initial public offering through the acquisition of a
target business or our liquidation of the trust account, we will pay our sponsor 10,000 per month for providing us with office space
and certain office and secretarial services. However, this arrangement is solely for our benefit and is not intended to provide our officers
or directors compensation in lieu of a salary. We may also pay consulting, finder or success fees to our initial stockholders, officers,
directors or their affiliates for assisting us in consummating our initial business combination with such fee to be determined in an arms 
length negotiation based on the terms of the business combination. 

Other than the 10,000 per month
administrative fee, the payment of consulting, success or finder fees to our sponsor, officers, directors, or their affiliates in connection
with the consummation of our initial business combination and the repayment of the up to 300,000 loan made by our sponsor to us, no compensation
or fees of any kind will be paid to our sponsor, members of our management team or their respective affiliates, for services rendered
prior to or in connection with the consummation of our initial business combination (regardless of the type of transaction that it is).
However, they will receive reimbursement for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred by them in connection with activities on our behalf,
such as identifying potential target businesses, performing business due diligence on suitable target businesses and business combinations
as well as traveling to and from the offices, plants or similar locations of prospective target businesses to examine their operations.
There is no limit on the amount of consulting, success or finder fees payable by us upon consummation of an initial business combination.
Additionally, there is no limit on the amount of out-of-pocket expenses reimbursable by us; provided, however, that to the extent such
expenses exceed the available proceeds not deposited in the trust account, such expenses would not be reimbursed by us unless we consummate
an initial business combination. 

80 

 Table of Contents 

After our initial business combination,
members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting, management or other fees from the combined company with any
and all amounts being fully disclosed to stockholders, to the extent then known, in the proxy solicitation materials furnished to our
stockholders. However, the amount of such compensation may not be known at the time of the stockholder meeting held to consider an
initial business combination, as it will be up to the directors of the post-combination business to determine executive and director compensation.
In this event, such compensation will be publicly disclosed at the time of its determination in a Current Report on Form 8-K or a periodic
report, as required by the SEC. 

Director Compensation 

None of our directors has received any cash compensation
for services rendered to us. Our sponsor, executive officers and directors, or any of their respective affiliates are reimbursed for any
out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing
due diligence on suitable business combinations. 

After the completion of our
initial business combination, members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting or management fees. All of these
fees will be fully disclosed to stockholders, to the extent then known, in the proxy solicitation materials or tender offer materials
furnished to our stockholders in connection with a proposed business combination. We have not established any limit on the amount of such
fees that may be paid to our directors or members of management. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time
of the proposed business combination, because the directors of the post-combination business will be responsible for determining
executive officer and director compensation. Any compensation to be paid to our executive officers will be determined, or recommended
to the board of directors for determination, either by a compensation committee constituted solely by independent directors or by a majority
of the independent directors on our board of directors. 

 ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF
CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

 The following table sets
forth information regarding the beneficial ownership of our shares of common stock as of the date of this Annual Report and as adjusted
to reflect the sale of our shares of common stock included in the units sold in this offering and the sale of the private shares (assuming
none of the individuals listed purchase units in this offering), by: 

each person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of our outstanding shares of common stock; 

each of our officers and directors; and 

all of our officers and directors as a group. 
 
 Unless otherwise indicated,
we believe that all persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of common stock beneficially
owned by them. The following table does not reflect record of beneficial ownership of the warrants included in the units, as the warrants
are not exercisable within 60 days of the date of this Form 10-K. 

81 

 Table of Contents 

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner (1) 
 Number of Shares Beneficially Owned (1) 
 Percent of Class Beneficially Owned (1) 
 
 Stephen P. Herbert 
 5,392,000 (1) 
 26.0 
 
 Douglas M. Lurio 
 5,392,000 (2) 
 26.0 
 
 Mohammad A. Khan 
 35,000 

Thomas A. Decker 
 35,000 

Celso L. White 
 35,000 

Armada Sponsor LLC 
 5,342,000 
 25.8 
 
 All directors and executive officers as a group (five individuals) 
 5,547,000 
 26.8 

____________ 

Less than one percent. 

(1) Represents 50,000 shares
of common stock held by Stephen P. Herbert directly and 5,342,000 shares held by Armada Sponsor LLC, our sponsor, of which Mr. Herbert
and Douglas M. Lurio are managing members. Accordingly, all securities held by our sponsor may ultimately be deemed to be beneficially
held by Mr. Herbert and Mr. Lurio. 

(2) Represents 50,000 shares of common stock held by Douglas M. Lurio directly and 5,342,000 shares held by
Armada Sponsor LLC, our sponsor, of which Mr. Lurio and Stephen P. Herbert are managing members. Accordingly, all securities held by our
sponsor may ultimately be deemed to be beneficially held by Mr. Herbert and Mr. Lurio. 

Restrictions on Transfers of Founder Shares
and Private shares 

 Our sponsor beneficially
owns approximately 28.0 of our issued and outstanding shares of common stock. Because of the ownership block held by our sponsor, officers,
or directors , such individuals may be able to effectively exercise influence over all matters requiring approval by our stockholders,
including the election of directors and approval of significant corporate transactions other than approval of our initial business combination. 

 All of the founder shares
have been placed in escrow with Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as escrow agent, until 180 days after the date of the
consummation of our initial business combination or earlier, if, subsequent to our initial business combination, we consummate a liquidation,
merger, stock exchange or other similar transaction which results in all of our stockholders having the right to exchange their shares
of common stock for cash, securities or other property. 

 During the escrow period,
the holders of these shares will not be able to sell or transfer their securities except for transfers, assignments or sales (i) among
such holders or to such holders members, officers, directors, consultants or their affiliates, (ii) to a holder s stockholders
or members upon its liquidation, (iii) by bona fide gift to a member of the holder s immediate family or to a trust, the beneficiary
of which is the holder or a member of the holder s immediate family, for estate planning purposes, (iv) by virtue of the laws of
descent and distribution upon death, (v) pursuant to a qualified domestic relations order, (vi) to us for no value for cancellation in
connection with the consummation of our initial business combination, or (vii) in connection with the consummation of a business combination
at prices no greater than the price at which the shares were originally purchased, in each case (except for clause (vi) or with our prior
consent) where the transferee agrees to the terms of the escrow agreement and to be bound by these transfer restrictions, but will retain
all other rights as our stockholders, including, without limitation, the right to vote their shares of common stock and the right to receive
cash dividends, if declared. If dividends are declared and payable in shares of common stock, such dividends will also be placed in escrow.
If we are unable to effect a business combination and liquidate, there will be no liquidation distribution with respect to the founder
shares. 

 At the time of our initial
public offering, our sponsor purchased an aggregate of 459,500 private shares at a price of 10.00 per share for an aggregate purchase
price of 4,595,000. The initial purchasers have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of the private shares (except in connection
with the same limited exceptions that the founder shares may be transferred as described above) until after the completion of our initial
business combination. In the event of a liquidation prior to our initial business combination, the private shares will likely be worthless. 

82 

 Table of Contents 

In order to meet our working
capital needs following the consummation of our initial public offering, our sponsor, officers, directors and their affiliates may, but
are not obligated to, loan us funds, from time to time or at any time, in whatever amount they deem reasonable in their sole discretion.
Each loan would be non-interest bearing and be evidenced by a promissory note. The notes would either be paid upon consummation of our
initial business combination, without interest, or, at holder s discretion, up to 1,500,000 of the notes may be converted into
shares of common stock at a price of 10.00 per share. The shares would be identical to the private shares. In the event that the initial
business combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the trust account to repay such loaned amounts,
but no proceeds from our trust account would be used for such repayment. 

 Our executive officers
and our sponsor are our promoters, as that term is defined under the federal securities laws. 

 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS
AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

 In February 2021, we issued
4,312,500 shares of common stock to our sponsor for 25,000 in cash, at a purchase price of approximately 0.006 per share, in connection
with our organization. On June 16, 2021, our sponsor purchased an additional 700,000 shares of common stock at a purchase price of 0.006
per share, resulting in our sponsor holding an aggregate of 5,012,500 founder shares. On June 16, 2021, our sponsor transferred 50,000
founder shares to each of Messrs. Herbert and Lurio and 35,000 founder shares to each of Messrs. Khan, Decker and White. On July 23, 2021,
our sponsor purchased an additional 1,200,000 shares of common stock at a purchase price of 0.006 per share, resulting in our sponsor
holding an aggregate of 6,007,500 shares of common stock. Because our underwriters did not exercise their over-allotment option, our sponsor
forfeited 1,125,000 shares of common stock as of October 1, 2021. Additionally, upon consummation of our initial business combination,
our sponsor sold founder shares to each anchor investor . 

 Our sponsor purchased an
aggregate of 459,500 private shares at a price of 10.00 per share for an aggregate purchase price of 4,595,000. The initial purchasers
have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of the private shares (except in connection with the same limited exceptions that the
founder shares may be transferred as described above) until after the completion of our initial business combination. In the event of
a liquidation prior to our initial business combination, the private shares will likely be worthless. 

 In order to meet our working
capital needs following the consummation of our initial public offering, our sponsor, officers and directors or their affiliates may,
but are not obligated to, loan us funds, from time to time or at any time, in whatever amount they deem reasonable in their sole discretion.
Each loan would be non-interest bearing and be evidenced by a promissory note. The notes would either be paid upon consummation of our
initial business combination, without interest, or, at holder s discretion, up to 1,500,000 of the notes may be converted into
shares of common stock at a price of 10.00 per share. The shares would be identical to the private shares. In the event that the initial
business combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the trust account to repay such loaned amounts,
but no proceeds from our trust account would be used for such repayment. 

 The holders of our founder
shares as well as the holders of the private shares and any shares of common stock our sponsor, officers, directors or their affiliates
may be issued in payment of working capital loans made to us (and all underlying securities), will be entitled to certain registration
rights . The holders of a majority of these securities are entitled to make up to two demands that we register such securities. The holders
of the majority of the founder shares and private shares can elect to exercise these registration rights at any time commencing three
months prior to the date on which these shares of common stock are to be released from escrow. In addition, the holders have certain piggy-back 
registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to our consummation of a business combination. We will bear
the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. 

83 

 Table of Contents 

The Company s liquidity
needs up to the IPO of August 17, 2021 had been satisfied through a promissory note from related parties to cover certain offering costs
of 230,352. The amounts borrowed under the note were fully repaid as of August 17, 2021. Our sponsor has agreed that, commencing on the
effective date of this prospectus through the earlier of our consummation of our initial business combination or the liquidation of the
trust account, it will make available to us certain general and administrative services, including office space, utilities and administrative
support, as we may require from time to time. We have agreed to pay 10,000 per month for these services. We believe, based on rents and
fees for similar services, that these fees are at least as favorable as we could have obtained from an unaffiliated person. 

 Pursuant to our second
amended and restated certificate of incorporation, we may extend the period of time to consummate a business combination by an additional
three months (for a total of 18 months to complete a business combination). In order to effectuate such extension, our sponsor or its
affiliates or designees, upon ten days advance notice prior to the applicable deadline, must deposit into the trust account 1,500,000,
or up to 1,725,000 if the underwriters over-allotment option is exercised in full, or 0.10 per share. Any such payments would
be made in the form of a loan made no later than three business days prior to the 15-month anniversary of this offering. Any such loans
will be non-interest bearing and payable upon the consummation of our initial business combination. If we complete our initial business
combination, we would repay such loaned amounts out of the proceeds of the trust account released to us. Our sponsor and its affiliates
or designees are not obligated to fund the trust account to extend the time for us to complete our initial business combination. If we
do not complete a business combination, such loans will not be repaid. 

 We have entered into agreements
with our officers and directors to provide contractual indemnification in addition to the indemnification provided for in our amended
and restated certificate of incorporation. 

 We may also pay consulting,
finder or success fees to our initial stockholders, officers, directors or their affiliates for assisting us in consummating our initial
business combination with such fee to be determined in an arms length negotiation based on the terms of the business combination. 

 Other than the payments
to CCM, the 10,000 per month administrative fee, the payment of consulting, success or finder fees to our sponsor, officers, directors,
or their affiliates in connection with the consummation of our initial business combination and repayment of the up to 300,000 loan,
no compensation or fees of any kind will be paid to our sponsor, members of our management team or their respective affiliates, for services
rendered prior to or in connection with the consummation of our initial business combination (regardless of the type of transaction that
it is). However, such individuals will receive reimbursement for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred by them in connection with activities
on our behalf, such as identifying potential target businesses, performing business due diligence on suitable target businesses and business
combinations as well as traveling to and from the offices, plants or similar locations of prospective target businesses to examine their
operations. There is no limit on the amount of consulting, success or finder fees payable by us upon consummation of an initial business
combination. Additionally, there is no limit on the amount of out-of-pocket expenses reimbursable by us; provided, however, that to the
extent such expenses exceed the available proceeds not deposited in the trust account, such expenses would not be reimbursed by us unless
we consummate an initial business combination. 

 After our initial business
combination, members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting, management or other fees from the combined company
with any and all amounts being fully disclosed to stockholders, to the extent then known, in the proxy solicitation materials furnished
to our stockholders. However, the amount of such compensation may not be known at the time of the stockholder meeting held to consider
an initial business combination, as it will be up to the directors of the post-combination business to determine executive and director
compensation. In this event, such compensation will be publicly disclosed at the time of its determination in a Current Report on Form
8-K or a periodic report, as required by the SEC. 

 All ongoing and future
transactions between us and any of our officers and directors or their respective affiliates will be on terms believed by us to be no
less favorable to us than are available from unaffiliated third parties. Such transactions will require prior approval by a majority of
our uninterested independent directors or the members of our board who do not have an interest in the transaction, in either
case who had access, at our expense, to our attorneys or independent legal counsel. We will not enter into any such transaction unless
our disinterested independent directors determine that the terms of such transaction are no less favorable to us than those
that would be available to us with respect to such a transaction from unaffiliated third parties. 

84 

 Table of Contents 

Related Party Policy 

 Our Code of Ethics requires
us to avoid, wherever possible, all related party transactions that could result in actual or potential conflicts of interests, except
under guidelines approved by the board of directors (or the audit committee). Related-party transactions are defined as transactions in
which (1) the aggregate amount involved will or may be expected to exceed 120,000 in any calendar year, (2) we or any of our subsidiaries
is a participant, and (3) any (a) executive officer, director or nominee for election as a director, (b) greater than 5 beneficial owner
of our shares of common stock, or (c) immediate family member, of the persons referred to in clauses (a) and (b), has or will have a direct
or indirect material interest (other than solely as a result of being a director or a less than 10 beneficial owner of another entity).
A conflict of interest situation can arise when a person takes actions or has interests that may make it difficult to perform his or her
work objectively and effectively. Conflicts of interest may also arise if a person, or a member of his or her family, receives improper
personal benefits as a result of his or her position. 

 Our audit committee, pursuant
to its written charter, will be responsible for reviewing and approving related-party transactions to the extent we enter into such transactions.
The audit committee will consider all relevant factors when determining whether to approve a related party transaction, including whether
the related party transaction is on terms no less favorable to us than terms generally available from an unaffiliated third-party under
the same or similar circumstances and the extent of the related party s interest in the transaction. No director may participate
in the approval of any transaction in which he is a related party, but that director is required to provide the audit committee with all
material information concerning the transaction. We also require each of our directors and executive officers to complete a directors 
and officers questionnaire that elicits information about related party transactions. 

 These procedures are intended
to determine whether any such related party transaction impairs the independence of a director or presents a conflict of interest on the
part of a director, employee or officer. 

 To further minimize conflicts
of interest, we have agreed not to consummate an initial business combination with an entity that is affiliated with any of our sponsor,
officers or directors unless we have obtained an opinion from an independent investment banking firm, or another independent entity that
commonly renders valuation opinions, that the business combination is fair to our unaffiliated stockholders from a financial point of
view. We will also need to obtain approval of a majority of our disinterested independent directors. 

 ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 

 Marcum,
LLP Marcum ), an independent registered public accounting firm, has audited our financial statements for the period
from November 5, 2020 (inception) through September 30, 2021. 

 Audit
fees consist of fees billed for professional services rendered for the audit of our year-end financial statements and services that are
normally provided by Marcum in connection with statutory and regulatory filings. The aggregate fees billed by Marcum for professional
services rendered for the audit of our financial statements for the period from November 5, 2020 (inception)
through September 30, 2021 totaled approximately 94,760. This amount includes audit fees. 

 Audit-Related
Fees . Audit-related services consist of fees billed for assurance and related services that are reasonably
related to performance of the audit or review of our financial statements and are not reported under Audit Fees. These services
include attest services that are not required by statute or regulation and consultations concerning financial accounting and reporting
standards. We did not pay Marcum any fees for consultations concerning financial accounting and reporting standards for the period from
 November 5, 2020 (inception) through September 30, 2021. 

 Tax
Fees . We did not pay Marcum any fees for tax planning and tax advice for the period from November 5,
2020 (inception) through September 30, 2021. 

 All
Other Fees . We did not pay Marcum for any other services for the period from November 5, 2020 (inception)
through September 30, 2021. 

85 

 Table of Contents 

PART IV 

 ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

 (a) The
following documents are filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K: 

 Financial Statements: See Index to Financial
Statements at Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data herein. 

 (b) Exhibits: 

 Information in response
to this Item is incorporated herein by reference to the Exhibit Index to this Form 10-K. 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 

 None. 

86 

 Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES 

 Pursuant to the
requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused
this Annual Report on Form 10-K to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized on this 29th day of
December, 2021. 

ARMADA ACQUISITION CORP. I 

By: /s/ Stephen P. Herbert 

Name: Stephen P. Herbert 

Title: Chief Executive Officer and Chairman 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, this Annual Report on Form 10-K
has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. The undersigned
hereby constitute and appoint Stephen P. Herbert and Douglas M. Lurio ,
and each of them, their true and lawful agents and attorneys-in-fact with full power and authority in said agents and attorneys-in-fact,
and in any one or more of them, to sign for the undersigned and in their respective names as Directors and officers of Armada Acquisition
Corp. I, any amendment or supplement hereto. The undersigned hereby confirm all acts taken by such agents and attorneys-in-fact, or any
one or more of them, as herein authorized. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ Stephen P. Herbert 

Chief Executive Officer, Chairman and
Director 
 
 December 29, 2021 
 
 Stephen P. Herbert 
 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Douglas M. Lurio 

President, Treasurer and Secretary 
 
 December 29, 2021 
 
 Douglas M. Lurio 
 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

/s/ Mohammad A. Khan 
 
 Director 
 
 December 29, 2021 
 
 Mohammad A. Khan 

/s/ Thomas A. Decker 
 
 Director 
 
 December 29, 2021 
 
 Thomas A. Decker 

/s/ Celso L. White 
 
 Director 
 
 December 29, 2021 
 
 Celso L. White 

87 

 Table of Contents 

EXHIBIT INDEX 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description 
 
 Incorporation by Reference 
 
 1.1 
 
 Underwriting Agreement, dated August 12, 2021, by and between the Company and Northland, as representative of the several underwriters. 
 
 Previously filed as an exhibit to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 18, 2021 and incorporated by reference herein. 
 
 2.1 
 
 Business Combination Agreement, dated as of December 17, 2021, by and among
Armada Acquisition Corp. I, Rezolve Group Limited, Rezolve Merger Sub, Inc. and Rezolve Limited. 
 
 Previously filed as an exhibit to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed
on December 17, 2021 and incorporated by reference herein. 
 
 3.1 
 
 Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation. 
 
 Previously filed as an exhibit to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 18, 2021 and incorporated by reference herein. 
 
 3.2 
 
 Bylaws. 
 
 Previously filed as an exhibit to our Registration Statement on Form S-1 on July 2, 2021 and incorporated by reference herein. 
 
 4.1 
 
 Warrant Agreement, dated August 12, 2021, by and between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company CST ), as warrant agent. 
 
 Previously filed as an exhibit to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 18, 2021 and incorporated by reference herein. 
 
 10.1 
 
 Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated August 12, 2021, by and between the Company and CST, as trustee. 
 
 Previously filed as an exhibit to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 18, 2021 and incorporated by reference herein. 
 
 10.2 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated August 12, 2021, by and between the Company, its officers, its directors, Armada Sponsor LLC (the Sponsor and EarlyBirdCapital, Inc. 
 
 Previously filed as an exhibit to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 18, 2021 and incorporated by reference herein. 
 
 10.3 
 
 Private Placement Shares Purchase Agreement, dated August 12, 2021, by and between the Company and the Sponsor. 
 
 Previously filed as an exhibit to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 18, 2021 and incorporated by reference herein. 
 
 10.4 
 
 Letter Agreement, dated August 12, 2021, by and among the Company, its officers, its directors, and the Sponsor. 
 
 Previously filed as an exhibit to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 18, 2021 and incorporated by reference herein. 
 
 10.5 
 
 Administrative Services Agreement, dated August 12, 2021, by and between the Company and the Sponsor. 
 
 Previously filed as an exhibit to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 18, 2021 and incorporated by reference herein. 
 
 10.6 
 
 Stock Escrow Agreement, dated August 12, 2021, by and between the Company, its directors, its officers, the Sponsor and CST. 
 
 Previously filed as an exhibit to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 18, 2021 and incorporated by reference herein. 
 
 10.7 
 
 Business Combination Marketing Agreement, dated August 12, 2021, by and between the Company and Northland. 
 
 Previously filed as an exhibit to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 18, 2021 and incorporated by reference herein. 

10.8 
 
 Transaction Support Agreement, dated as of December 17, 2021, by and among
Armada Acquisition Corp. I, certain stockholders of Rezolve Limited, Rezolve Limited and Rezolve Group Limited. 
 
 Previously filed as an exhibit to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed
on December 17, 2021 and incorporated by reference herein. 
 
 10.9 
 
 Form of Subscription Agreement 
 
 Previously filed as an exhibit to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed
on December 17, 2021 and incorporated by reference herein. 
 
 10.10 
 
 Form of Investors Rights Agreement by and among Rezolve Group Limited,
Armada Acquisition Corp. I, and the other holders party thereto 
 
 Previously filed as an exhibit to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed
on December 17, 2021 and incorporated by reference herein. 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15(d)-14(a), as adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 Filed herewith. 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15(d)-14(a), as adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 Filed herewith. 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 Filed herewith. 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 Filed herewith. 
 
 99.1 
 
 Press Release, dated December 17, 2021 
 
 Previously filed as an exhibit to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed
on December 17, 2021 and incorporated by reference herein. 
 
 99.2 
 
 Transcript of Investor Presentation 
 
 Previously filed as an exhibit to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed
on December 17, 2021 and incorporated by reference herein. 
 
 99.3 
 
 Investor Presentation, dated December 17, 2021 
 
 Previously filed as an exhibit to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed
on December 17, 2021 and incorporated by reference herein. 

Table of Contents 

101.INS 
 
 XBRL Instance Document 
 
 Filed herewith. 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 Filed herewith. 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 Filed herewith. 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 Filed herewith. 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document 
 
 Filed herewith. 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 Filed herewith. 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document and included in Exhibit 101). 
 
 Filed herewith. 

Filed herewith. 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

EXHIBIT 31.1 

 CERTIFICATION 

 PURSUANT TO RULES 13a-14(a)
AND 15d-14(a) 

 UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE
ACT OF 1934, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

I, Stephen P. Herbert, certify
that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Armada Acquisition Corp. I; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have: 

a. 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
 (Paragraph omitted pursuant to SEC Release Nos. 33-8238/34-47986 and 33-8392/34-49313); 

c. 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal controls over financial reporting. 

Date: December 29, 2021 
 By: 
 
 /s/ Stephen P. Herbert 

Stephen P. Herbert 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

EXHIBIT 31.2 

 CERTIFICATION 

 PURSUANT TO RULES 13a-14(a)
AND 15d-14(a) 

 UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE
ACT OF 1934, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

I, Douglas M. Lurio, certify
that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Armada Acquisition Corp. I; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have: 

a. 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
 (Paragraph omitted pursuant to SEC Release Nos. 33-8238/34-47986 and 33-8392/34-49313); 

c. 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal controls over financial reporting. 

Date: December 29, 2021 
 By: 
 
 /s/ Douglas M. Lurio 

Douglas M. Lurio 

President 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

EXHIBIT 32.1 

 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT
TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual
Report of Armada Acquisition Corp. I (the Company on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2021, as filed with
the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Stephen P. Herbert, Chief Executive Officer of
the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that,
to my knowledge: 

(1) 
 the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
 
 the information contained in the Report fairly presents,
 in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: December 29, 2021 

/s/ Stephen P. Herbert 

Name: 
 Stephen P. Herbert 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 ex32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

EXHIBIT 32.2 

 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT
TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual
Report of Armada Acquisition Corp. I (the Company on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2021, as filed with
the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Douglas M. Lurio, President of the Company, certify,
pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge: 

(1) 
 the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
 
 the information contained in the Report fairly presents,
 in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: December 29, 2021 

/s/ Douglas M. Lurio 

Name: 
 Douglas M. Lurio 

Title: 
 President 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 aaciu-20210930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 aaciu-20210930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 aaciu-20210930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 aaciu-20210930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

