<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20211129_10-K_edgar_data_1445942_0001387131-21-011603.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3823860</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>284705</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>252766</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1366864</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1050341</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>752510</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001387131-21-011603.hdr.sgml : 20211129
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20211129162039
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001387131-21-011603
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		59
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20210831
FILED AS OF DATE:		20211129
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20211129

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Texas Mineral Resources Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001445942
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	GOLD & SILVER ORES [1040]
		IRS NUMBER:				870294969
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0831

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-53482
		FILM NUMBER:		211456426

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		539 EL PASO STREET
		CITY:			SIERRA BLANCA
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			79851
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(915) 369-2133

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		539 EL PASO STREET
		CITY:			SIERRA BLANCA
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			79851

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Texas Rare Earth Resources Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20110128

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Standard Silver Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20080924

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001387131-21-011603.txt : 20211129

10-K
 1
 tmrc-10k_083121.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM
10-K 

ANNUAL
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended August 31, 2021 

OR 

TRANSITION
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from to 

 Commission
file number: 000-53482 

TEXAS
MINERAL RESOURCES CORP. 

 (Exact
Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter) 

Delaware 
 
 87-0294969 
 
 (State of other jurisdiction
 of incorporation or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer
 Identification No.) 

539 El Paso Street 

Sierra
 Blanca, Texas 
 
 79851 
 
 (Address of Principal
 Executive Offices) 
 
 (Zip Code) 

(361)
790-5831 

 (Registrant s
Telephone Number, including Area Code) 

SECURITIES
REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12(b) OF THE ACT: None 

SECURITIES
REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12(g) OF THE ACT: Common Stock, par value 0.01 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes No 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. 

 Yes
 No 

Indicate
by checkmark whether the registrant (1) filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports),
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the Registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 229.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period
that the registrant was required to submit such files). Yes No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, 
 smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 
 
 Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for
complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 

State
the aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price
at which the common equity was last sold, or the average bid and asked price of such common equity, as of the last business day
of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter: As of February 28, 2021 the aggregate market value of
the registrant s voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant was 144,166,509 based upon
the closing sale price of the common stock as reported by the OTC.QB. For purposes of this calculation, shares of common stock
held by executive officers, directors and holders of greater than 10 of the registrant s outstanding common stock are assumed
to be affiliates of the registrant. This determination of affiliate status is not necessarily a conclusive determination for other
purposes. 

The
number of shares of the Registrant s common stock outstanding as of November 19, 2021 was 71,975,298. 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

PRELIMINARY NOTES 
 1 

GLOSSARY OF TERMS 
 1 

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 4 

PART I 

ITEM 1. 
 BUSINESS 
 6 
 
 ITEM 1A. 
 RISK FACTORS 
 14 
 
 ITEM 1B. 
 UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 26 
 
 ITEM 2. 
 PROPERTIES 
 26 
 
 ITEM 3. 
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 29 
 
 ITEM 4. 
 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 29 

PART II 

ITEM 5. 
 MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 30 
 
 ITEM 6. 
 SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 
 31 
 
 ITEM 7. 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 31 
 
 ITEM 7A. 
 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 34 
 
 ITEM 8. 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 F-1 
 
 ITEM 9. 
 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 35 
 
 ITEM 9A. 
 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 35 
 
 ITEM 9B. 
 OTHER INFORMATION 
 36 
 
 ITEM 9C 
 DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 36 

PART III 

ITEM 10. 
 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 37 
 
 ITEM 11. 
 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 42 
 
 ITEM 12. 
 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 44 
 
 ITEM 13. 
 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 46 
 
 ITEM 14. 
 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 46 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. 
 EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SCHEDULES 
 48 

SIGNATURES 
 50 

ii 

PRELIMINARY
NOTES 

As
used in this Annual Report on Form 10-K Annual Report ), references to Texas Mineral , the Company, 
 we, our, us or TMRC mean Texas Mineral Resources Corp. and its predecessors,
as the context requires. 

GLOSSARY
OF TERMS 

Alteration 
 Any
 physical or chemical change in a rock or mineral subsequent to its formation. 

Breccia 
 A
 rock in which angular fragments are surrounded by a mass of fine-grained minerals. 

Concession 
 A
 grant of a tract of land made by a government or other controlling authority in return for stipulated services or a promise
 that the land will be used for a specific purpose. 

Core 
 The
 long cylindrical piece of a rock, about an inch in diameter, brought to the surface by diamond drilling. 

Diamond drilling 
 A
 drilling method in which the cutting is done by abrasion using diamonds embedded in a matrix rather than by percussion. The
 drill cuts a core of rock, which is recovered in long cylindrical sections. 

Drift 
 A
 horizontal underground opening that follows along the length of a vein or rock formation as opposed to a cross-cut which crosses
 the rock formation. 

Exploration 
 Work
 involved in searching for ore, usually by drilling or driving a drift. 

Exploration expenditures 
 Costs
 incurred in identifying areas that may warrant examination and in examining specific areas that are considered to have prospects
 that may contain mineral deposit reserves. 

GLO 
 Texas
 General Land Office. 

Grade 
 The
 average assay of a ton of ore, reflecting metal content. 

HREE 
 Heavy
 rare earth element(s). 

Host rock 
 The
 rock surrounding an ore deposit. 

Intrusive 
 A
 body of igneous rock formed by the consolidation of magma intruded into other rocks, in contrast to lavas, which are extruded
 upon the surface. 

Lode 
 A
 mineral deposit in solid rock. 

LREE 
 Light
 rare earth element(s). 

Ore 
 The
 naturally occurring material from which a mineral or minerals of economic value can be extracted profitably or to satisfy
 social or political objectives. The term is generally but not always used to refer to metalliferous material, and is often
 modified by the names of the valuable constituent; e.g., iron ore. 

Ore body 
 A
 continuous, well-defined mass of material of sufficient ore content to make extraction economically feasible. 

Mine development 
 The
 work carried out for the purpose of opening up a mineral deposit and making the actual ore extraction possible. 

1 

Mineral 
 A
 naturally occurring homogeneous substance having definite physical properties and chemical composition, and if formed under
 favorable conditions, a definite crystal forms. 
 
 Mineralization 
 The
 presence of minerals in a specific area or geological formation. 

Mineral Reserve 
 That
 part of a mineral deposit which could be economically and legally extracted or produced at the time of the reserve determination.
 Reserves are customarily stated in terms of Ore when dealing with metalliferous minerals. 

PEA 
 Preliminary
 economic assessment. 

Probable (Indicated)
 Reserves 
 Reserves
 for which quantity and grade and/or quality are computed from information similar to that used for proven (measured) reserves,
 but the sites for inspection, sampling, and measurement are farther apart or are otherwise less adequately spaced. The degree
 of assurance, although lower than that for proven (measured) reserves, is high enough to assume continuity between points
 of observation. 

Prospect 
 A
 mining property, the value of which has not been determined by exploration. 

Proven (Measured)
 Reserves 
 Reserves
 for which (i) (a) quantity is computed from dimensions revealed in outcrops, trenches, workings or drill holes and (b) grade
 and/or quality are computed from the results of detailed sampling and (ii) the sites for inspection, sampling and measurement
 are spaced so closely and the geologic character is so well defined that size, shape, depth and mineral content of reserves
 are well-established. 

REE 
 Rare
 earth element(s). 

REO 
 Rare
 earth oxide(s). 

Round Top 
 Round
 Top Mountain Development, LLC, the entity that owns the Round Top Project. 

Round Top Mountain
 Development 
 Round
 Top Mountain Development, LLC, the entity that owns the Round Top Project. 

Round Top Project 
 The
 Round Top Project is owned by Round Top and consists of the following: 
 
 two eleven year leases with the GLO, executed in September 2011 and November 2011, respectively, to explore and develop
 a 950 acre rare earths project located in Hudspeth County, Texas; 
 
 the 54,990 acre surface lease, known as the West Lease, that provides unrestricted surface access for the potential development
 and mining of the Round Top Project; 
 
 an option to purchase from the GLO the surface rights covering approximately 5,670 acres over the mining lease and additional
 acreage adequate to the site to handle potential heap leaching and processing operations as currently anticipated at the
 Round Top Project; and 
 
 a
ground water lease securing the right to develop the ground water within a 13,120-acre lease area located approximately 4 miles
from Round Top, containing five existing water wells. 

Tonne 
 A
 metric ton which is equivalent to 2,200 pounds. 

Trend 
 A
 general term for the direction or bearing of the outcrop of a geological feature of any dimension, such as a layer, vein,
 ore body, or fold. 

2 

Unpatented mining
 claim 
 A
 parcel of property located on federal lands pursuant to the General Mining Law and the requirements of the state in which
 the unpatented claim is located, the paramount title of which remains with the federal government. The holder of a valid,
 unpatented lode-mining claim is granted certain rights including the right to explore and mine such claim. 

Vein 
 A
 mineralized zone having a more or less regular development in length, width, and depth, which clearly separates it from neighboring
 rock. 

3 

CAUTIONARY
NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This
Annual Report contains forward-looking statements (collectively, forward-looking statements with
respect to the Company s anticipated results and developments in the Company s operations, planned exploration and
development of its properties, plans related to its business, and other matters that may occur in the future. These statements
relate to analyses and other information that are based on forecasts of future results, estimates of amounts not yet determinable
and assumptions of management. 

Any
statements that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions, expectations, beliefs, plans, projections, objectives,
assumptions or future events or performance (often, but not always, using words or phrases such as expects or does
not expect , is expected , anticipates or does not anticipate , plans ,
 estimates or intends , or stating that certain actions, events or results may , could ,
 would , might or will be taken, occur or be achieved) are not statements of historical
fact and may be forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to: 

the
 progress, potential and uncertainties of the rare-earth exploration program of the Round
 Top Project, located near Sierra Blanca, Texas; 

cost,
 timing and actual obtainable results from feasibility studies, including PEAs for the
 Round Top Project; 

the
 success of getting the necessary permits for future drill programs and future project
 exploration; 

funding
 amounts and timing of funding for the Round Top Project; 

plans
 regarding anticipated expenditures and required capital at the Round Top Project. 

Forward-looking
statements are subject to a variety of known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors which could cause actual events
or results to differ from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements, including, without limitation: 

risks
 associated with our ability to continue as a going concern in future periods; 

risks
 associated with our history of losses and need for additional financing; 

risks
 associated with our operating history; 

risks
 associated with owning a 20 interest in Round Top; 

risks
 associated with our properties; 

risks
 associated with the lack of history in producing metals from the Round Top Project; 

risks
 associated with our need for additional financing to maintain our ownership interest
 in, as well as the requirement in general for additional capital to further develop,
 the Round Top Project; 

risks
 associated with exploration activities not being commercially successful; 

risks
 associated with ownership of surface rights and other title issues with respect to the
 Round Top Project; 

risks
 associated with increased costs affecting our financial condition; 

risks
 associated with a shortage of equipment and supplies adversely affecting the ability
 to operate properties; 

risks
 associated with mining and mineral exploration being inherently dangerous; 

risks
 associated with mineralization estimates; 

risks
 associated with changes in mineralization estimates affecting the economic viability
 of the properties; 

risks
 associated with uninsured risks; 

4 

risks
 associated with mineral operations being subject to market forces beyond our control; 

risks
 associated with fluctuations in commodity prices; 

risks
 associated with permitting, licenses and approval processes; 

risks
 associated with the governmental and environmental regulations; 

risks
 associated with future legislation regarding the mining industry and climate change; 

risks
 associated with potential environmental lawsuits; 

risks
 associated with land reclamation requirements; 

risks
 associated with rare earth and mining in general presenting potential health risks; 

risks
 related to competition in the mining and rare earth elements industries; 

risks
 related to economic conditions; 

risks
 related to our ability to manage growth; 

risks
 related to the potential difficulty of attracting and retaining qualified personnel; 

risks
 related to our dependence on key personnel; 

risks
 related to our United States Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC filing history; and 

risks
 related to our securities. 

This
list is not exhaustive of the factors that may affect the Company s forward-looking statements. Some of the important risks
and uncertainties that could affect forward-looking statements are described further under the section headings Risk Factors 
and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of this Annual Report.
Although the Company has attempted to identify important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those
described in forward-looking statements, there may be other factors that cause results not to be as anticipated, estimated or
intended. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should underlying assumptions prove incorrect, actual
results may vary materially from those anticipated, believed, estimated or expected. The Company cautions readers not to place
undue reliance on any such forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date made. Except as required by law, the Company
disclaims any obligation subsequently to revise any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date
of such statements or to reflect the occurrence of anticipated or unanticipated events. We qualify all the forward-looking
statements contained in this Annual Report by the foregoing cautionary statements. 

In
light of these risks and uncertainties, many of which are described in greater detail elsewhere in this Annual Report, there can
be no assurance that the events predicted in forward-looking statements contained in the Annual Report will in fact transpire. 

Should
any of these risks or uncertainties materialize (in whole or in part), or should any of the Company s assumptions prove
incorrect, actual results may differ materially from those included within these forward-looking statements. Except as may be
required under applicable securities laws, the Company undertakes no obligation to update or publicly release the result of any
revision to these forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances occurring after the date they are made or to reflect
the occurrence of unanticipated events. 

An
investment in our Common Stock involves significant risks, including the risk of a loss of your entire investment. You should
carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described herein before purchasing our Common Stock. The risks set forth herein
are not the only ones facing our Company. Additional risks and uncertainties may exist and others could arise that could also
adversely affect our business, financial condition, operations and prospects. If any of the risks set forth herein actually materialize,
our business, financial condition, prospects and operations would suffer. In such event, the value of our Common Stock would decline,
and you could lose all or a substantial portion of your investment. 

5 

PART
I 

ITEM
1. BUSINESS 

Narrative
Description of Business 

We
are a mining company engaged in the business of the acquisition, exploration and development of mineral properties. We currently
own a 20 membership interest in Round Top, which entity holds two mineral property leases with the GLO to explore and develop
a 950-acre rare earths project located in Hudspeth County, Texas, known as the Round Top Project. The leases, originally signed
with primary terms of approximately 19 and 18 years, each currently have remaining terms of approximately nine years and provisions
for automatic renewal if Round Top is in production. Round Top also holds prospecting permits covering 9,345 acres adjacent to
the Round Top Project. The strategy with Round Top is to develop a metallurgical process to concentrate or otherwise extract the
metals from the Round Top Project s rhyolite, conduct additional engineering, design, geotechnical work, and permitting
necessary for a bankable feasibility study and then to extract mineral resources from the Round Top Project. The Round Top Project
has not established as of the date hereof that any of the properties contain any probable mineral reserves or proven mineral reserves
under Item 1300 of Regulation S-K. Item 1300 of Regulation S-K is required to be adopted by Companies with fiscal years beginning
after January 1, 2021. The Company has chosen to adopt Item 1300 of Regulation S-K early. 

Rare
earth elements are a group of chemically similar elements that usually are found together in nature they are referred
to as the lanthanide series. These individual elements have a variety of characteristics that are critical in a
wide range of technologies, products, and applications and are critical inputs in existing and emerging applications. Without
these elements, multiple high-tech technologies would not be possible. These technologies include: 

cell
phones, 

computer
and television screens, 

battery
operated vehicles, 

clean
energy technologies, such as hybrid and electric vehicles and wind power turbines, 

fiber
optics, lasers and hard disk drives, 

numerous
defense applications, such as guidance and control systems and global positioning systems, 

advanced
water treatment technology for use in industrial and military, and 

outdoor
recreation applications. 

Because
of these applications, global demand for REE is projected to steadily increase due to continuing growth in existing applications
and increased innovation and development of new end uses. Interest in developing resources domestically has become a strategic
necessity as there is limited production of these elements outside of China. Our ability to raise additional funds to continue
to fund our participation interest in the Round Top Project may be impacted by future prices for REEs. 

As
a part of our ongoing operations, we will occasionally investigate new mining opportunities. We may also incur expenses associated
with our investigations. These costs are expensed as incurred until such time when we have agreements in place to purchase such
mining rights. 

History
of the Round Top Project 

In
March 2013, we purchased the 54,990 acre surface lease covering the Round Top Project, known as the West Lease, from the Southwest
Wildlife and Range Foundation Foundation for 500,000 and the issuance of 1,063,830 shares of our Common Stock.
We also agreed to support the Foundation through an annual payment of 45,000 for ten years to support conservation efforts within
the Rio Grande Basin and in particular engaging in stewardship of Lake Amistad, a large and well-known fishing lake near Del Rio,
Texas. The West Lease provides exclusive surface access to the area for the potential development and mining of the Round Top
Project. 

In
October 2014, we executed agreements with the GLO securing the option to purchase the surface rights covering the Round Top Project
mine and plant areas and, separately, a lease to develop the water necessary for the potential Round Top Project mine operations.
The option to purchase the surface rights covers approximately 5,670 acres over the mining lease and the additional acreage adequate
to site all potential heap leaching and processing operations as currently anticipated by the Company. The option may be exercised
for all or part of the option acreage at any time during the primary term of the mineral lease as defined above. The primary
term of the GLO mineral leases and the option is through August 2030. The option can be kept current by an annual payment
of 10,000. The purchase price will be the appraised value of the surface at the time of exercising the option. The ground water
lease secures the right to develop the ground water within a 13,120-acre lease area located approximately 4 miles from the Round
Top Project. The lease area contains five existing water wells. It is anticipated that all potential water needs for the Round
Top Project mine operations will be satisfied by the existing wells covered by this water lease. This lease has an annual minimum
production payment of 5,000 prior to production of water for the operation. After initiation of production payments of 0.95
per thousand gallons or 20,000 annually, whichever is greater, is required. This lease remains effective as long as the mineral
lease is in effect. 

6 

In
March 2015, we conducted a trial mining test during which we mined 500 tonnes of rhyolite, transported and crushed the ore to
80 passing an approximate one-inch screen. This rock is now stockpiled and is expected to be used in the contemplated pilot plant
development. 

In
April 2015, we announced the execution of a uranium offtake agreement with UG USA, a subsidiary of Areva, now called Orano, According
to the agreement, TMRC will supply up to 300,000 pounds of natural uranium concentrates (U308) per year based upon a pricing formula
indexed to U308 spot prices at the times of delivery. The agreement is for a term of five years commencing in 2018 or as soon
thereafter, contingent upon development and
production at its Round Top Project, and contains other industry standard terms and conditions. 

During
2017, TMRC in association with Penn State University, REE Tech and Inventure Renewables of Tuscaloosa, Alabama, jointly applied
for a Department of Energy grant to evaluate the economic potential of rare earth elements associated with Appalachian coal deposits.
Our group was awarded the first phase of this grant in October 2017. Work in progress consists of our identification of a resource,
developing the physical metallurgy to concentrate the minerals (Penn State) and developing the CIX/CIC process to separate the
individual rare earth elements and to separate and refine various other elements including iron and aluminum. In August 2019,
we published a PEA prepared in accordance with Canadian NI 43-101 specifications. The PEA calls for a 20,000 tonnes per day heap
leach operation producing three basic revenue streams: (i) a REE stream, (ii) a tech metal stream that includes lithium and uranium,
and (iii) a variety of industrial and fertilizer sulfate products. 

Cautionary
Note 

Cautionary
Note to Investors: The PEA has been prepared in accordance with Canadian National Instrument 43-101 Standards
of Disclosure for Mineral Projects NI 43-101 and the Canadian Institute of Mining, Metallurgy and Petroleum (the
 CIM CIM Definition Standards on Mineral Resources and Mineral Reserves , adopted by the CIM
Council, as amended. The Company has voluntarily had the PEA prepared in accordance with NI 43-101 but the Company is
not subject to regulation by Canadian regulatory authorities and no Canadian regulatory authority has reviewed the PEA or passed
upon its accuracy or compliance with NI 43-101. The terms mineral reserve , proven mineral reserve 
and probable mineral reserve are Canadian mining terms as defined in accordance with NI 43-101. These definitions
differ from the definitions in Item 1300 of Regulation S-K under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities
Act ). Under Item 1300 of Regulation S-K standards, a final or bankable feasibility study is
required to report reserves, the three-year historical average price is used in any reserve or cash flow analysis to designate
reserves and the primary environmental analysis or report must be filed with the appropriate governmental authority. In addition,
the terms mineral resource , measured mineral resource , indicated mineral resource and
 inferred mineral resource while defined in NI 43-101 and Item 1300 of Regulation S-K are normally not permitted
to be used in reports and registration statements filed with the SEC. Investors are cautioned not to assume that all or any part
of mineral deposits in these categories will ever be converted into reserves. Inferred mineral resources have a
great amount of uncertainty as to their existence, and great uncertainty as to their economic and legal feasibility. It cannot
be assumed that all or any part of an inferred mineral resource will ever be upgraded to a higher category. Under Canadian rules,
estimates of inferred mineral resources may not form the basis of feasibility or pre-feasibility studies, except in rare cases.
Investors are cautioned not to assume that all or any part of an inferred mineral resource exists or is economically or legally
mineable. Disclosure of contained ounces in a resource is permitted disclosure under Canadian regulations; however,
the SEC normally only permits issuers to report mineralization that does not constitute reserves by Item 1300 of
Regulation S-K standards as in place tonnage and grade without reference to unit measures. Accordingly, information in the PEA
contains descriptions of our mineral deposits that may not be comparable to similar information made public by United States companies
subject to the reporting and disclosure requirements under the United States federal securities laws and the rules and regulations
thereunder. The Round Top Project as described in the PEA currently does not contain any known proven or probable mineral reserves
under Item 1300 of Regulation S-K reporting standards. U.S. investors are urged to consider closely the disclosure in the Registrant s
latest reports and registration statements filed with the SEC. U.S. Investors are cautioned not to assume that any defined
resources in these categories will ever be converted into Item 1300 of Regulation S-K compliant reserves. 

7 

USA
Rare Earth Agreement 

In
August 2018, the Company and Morzev Pty. Ltd. Morzev entered into an agreement (the 2018 Option Agreement whereby Morzev was granted the exclusive right to earn and acquire a 70 interest, increasable to an 80 interest, in the Round
Top Project from the Company by funding certain expenditures described below. The 2018 Option Agreement contained customary representations,
warranties and covenants. In September 2018 and October 2018, the Company and Morzev entered into minor, non-substantive amendments
to the 2018 Option Agreement and, in connection with the agreement, Morzev purchased 646,054 shares of Company Common Stock for
 140,000 in November 2018. Morzev began engaging in business as USA Rare Earth and in May 2019 notified the Company that it was
nominating USA Rare Earth , LLC USARE as the optionee under the terms of the 2018 Option Agreement. In August
2019, the Company and USARE entered into an amended and restated option agreement as further amended on June 29, 2020 (the 2019
Option Agreement ), whereby the Company restated its agreement to grant USARE the exclusive right to earn and acquire a
70 interest, increasable to an 80 interest, in the Round Top Project from the Company by funding certain expenditures described
below. The 2019 Option Agreement has substantially similar terms to the 2018 Option Agreement except that that 2019 Option Agreement
acknowledges the investment by USARE into the Company and recognized a broader range of expenditures advancing the Round Top Project
as contributing to the total 10,000,000 earn-in commitment for the initial 70 interest. In order to acquire and earn the 70 
interest in the Round Top Project, USARE was required to perform and complete the following: 

commit
 to expend a total of 2,500,000 for mining operations on the Round Top Project prior
 to December 13, 2020 (inclusive of the 140,000 Morzev 2018 stock purchase) which was
 achieved by expenditure commitments USARE made on December 10, 2019; and 

expend
 amounts for mining operations on the Round Top Project, up to a maximum of 10,000,000
 (including the 2,500,000 referred to above), which mining operations include: (i) the
 work of de-risking Round Top (including specifically optimizing the leaching cycle and
 determining final leach pad design, undertaking the pilot plant, and developing the process
 and procedure to separate and purify other economically important elements from the primary
 leach solution including but not limited to lithium, aluminum sulfate, hafnium and other
 fertilizer and industrial products); (ii) property maintenance; (iii) process
 development solar evaporation; (iv) chemical processing; (v) baseline studies;
 (vi) engineering; (vii) assessment, geophysical, geochemical and geological surveys;
 (viii) studies and mapping; (ix) investigating, drilling, assaying, prospecting,
 designing, examining, equipping, improving, surveying, shaft-sinking, raising, cross-cutting
 and drifting, searching for, digging, trucking, sampling, working and procuring minerals,
 ores and metals; (x) surveying and bringing any mining claims to lease or patent; (xi) reclaiming
 and all other work usually considered to be prospecting, exploration, development, mining
 and reclamation work; (xii) paying wages and salaries of workers engaged in the
 work and in supplying food, lodging, transportation and other reasonable needs of the
 workers; (xiii) paying assessments or premiums for workers compensation insurance,
 contributions for unemployment insurance or other pay allowances or benefits customarily
 paid in the district to those workers; (xiv) paying rentals, license renewal fees,
 taxes and other governmental charges required to keep the mineral interests comprising
 the Round Top Project in good standing; (xv) purchasing or renting plant, buildings,
 machinery, tools, appliances, equipment or supplies and in installing, erecting, detaching
 and removing them; and (xvi) mining, milling, concentrating, rehabilitation, reclamation,
 and environmental protections and in the management of any work which may be done on
 Round Top or in any other respect necessary for the due carrying out of the prospecting,
 exploration and development work or any other expenditure approved by the Operating Committee.
 USARE had the right to fund the balance of the 10,000,000 into the Round Top Project
 at any time. 

USA
Rare Earth was granted the option to acquire an additional 10 in the Round Top Project by paying to the Company 3,000,000. 

On
May 17, 2021, and in accordance with the terms of the Option Agreement, the Company and USARE entered into a contribution agreement Contribution Agreement whereby the Company and USARE contributed assets to Round Top, at the time a wholly-owned
subsidiary of the Company, in exchange for their ownership interests in Round Top, of which the Company now owns membership interests
equating to 20 of Round Top and USARE owns membership interests equating to 80 of Round Top. Concurrently therewith, the Company
and USARE as the two members entered into a limited liability company agreement Operating Agreement governing
the operations of Round Top which contains customary and industry standard terms as contemplated by the Option Agreement. USARE
will serve as manager of Round Top and Mr. Gorski, on behalf of the Company, will serve as one of the three members of the management
committee. 

Upon
entry into the Contribution Agreement, the Company assigned the following contracts and assets to Round Top in exchange for its
20 membership interest in Round Top: 

the
assignment and assumption agreement with respect to the mineral leases from the Company to Round Top; 

the
assignment and assumption agreement with respect to the surface lease from the Company to Round Top; 

the
assignment and assumption agreement with respect to the surface purchase option from the Company to Round Top; 

the
assignment and assumption agreement with respect to the water lease from the Company to Round Top; and 

the
bill of sale and assignment agreement of existing data and other relevant contracts and permits with respect to Round Top owned
by the Company. 

8 

and
USARE assigned the following assets to Round Top (or the Company, as applicable) for its 80 membership interest in Round Top: 

cash
to Round Top to continue to fund Round Top operations in the amount of approximately 3,761,750 comprising the balance of the
 10 million required expenditure to earn a 70 interest in Round Top; 

cash
in the amount of 3 million to the Company upon exercise of the USARE option to acquire from the Company an additional 10 interest
in Round Top, resulting in the aggregate ownership interest of 80 in Round Top; 

bill
of sale and assignment agreement of the Pilot Plant and other relevant contracts and permits to Round Top; and 

bill
of sale and assignment agreement of existing data and intellectual property owned by USARE to Round Top. 

The
Operating Agreement provides for the following: 

Interests .
Pursuant to the Operating Agreement, USARE owns membership interests equating to 80 of Round Top and the Company owns membership
interests equating to 20 of Round Top. These ownership interests will be adjusted further under a variety of circumstances, including
a decision by a member not to participate fully in a program and budget Budget ). USARE s contribution of
approximately 3,761,750 in cash to Round Top will be used first to fund operations pursuant to the initial Budget. Once that
amount is exhausted, USARE and the Company will be obligated, subject to an election to dilute, to fund further expenditures in
proportion to their respective ownership interests. It is expected that the Company will fund up to 3.5 million during the fiscal
year ending August 31, 2022 pursuant to the initial Budget. 

Cash
Calls . USARE, as manager, will issue monthly cash calls pursuant to adopted Budgets. Both parties, as members, will have 10
days after receipt of such a billing to meet the cash call. Failure to meet a cash call results in dilution; provided that successive
failures in the same budgetary period can result in accelerated dilution or a default loan at a default interest rate. If a member
(the Delinquent Member does not contribute all or any portion of any additional capital contribution that such
member is required to contribute (the Default Amount ), then the other member (the Non-Defaulting Member may elect to contribute the Default Amount to Round Top, or not to contribute the Default Amount to Round Top and, in both cases,
the interests of the members will be recalculated. If the default by the Delinquent Member is the second or any subsequent default
during the period of any adopted Budget, the Non-Defaulting Member may elect to contribute the Default Amount to Round Top on
behalf of the Delinquent Member and to reduce the ownership interest of the Delinquent Member by an amount (expressed as a percentage)
equal to: (i) 150 ; multiplied by the Default Amount; divided by (ii) the aggregate contributed capital of
all members (determined after taking into account the contribution of the Default Amount on behalf of the Delinquent Member).
The interest of the Non-Defaulting Member will be increased by the reduction in the interest of the Delinquent Member. 

Management .
A management committee will make the major decisions of Round Top, such as approval of Budgets, and the manager will implement
such decisions. The management committee consists of three representatives of the members, with two being appointed by USARE and
one by the Company (initially being Dan Gorski). The representatives vote the ownership percentage interests of their appointing
member. 

Management
Committee Meetings . Meetings will be held every three months unless otherwise agreed. For matters before the management committee
that require a vote, voting is by simple majority except for certain major decisions that require a unanimous vote.
So long as the Company maintains a 15 or greater ownership interest, the nine decisions identified in the bullet points below
require unanimous approval. If the Company s ownership interest falls below 15 , the number of unanimous decisions is reduced
to five (being the first five bullet points below). If the Company is acquired by a REE mining company or sells its ownership
interest to a REE mining company, in each case who elects a majority of the Company s board, this unanimous approval requirement
can be suspended by USARE, at its option. The major decisions requiring unanimous approval, as set forth above, are: 

approval
of an amendment to any Budget that causes the Budget to increase by 15 or more, except for emergencies; 

other
than purchase money security interests or other security interests in Round Top equipment to finance the acquisition or lease
of Round Top equipment used in operations, the consummation of a project financing or the incurrence by Round Top of any indebtedness
for borrowed money that requires the guarantee by any member of any obligations of Round Top; 

substitution
of a member under certain circumstances and dissolution of Round Top; 

the
issuance of an ownership interest or other equity interest in Round Top, or the admission of any person as a new member of Round
Top, other than in connection with the exercise of a right of first offer by a member; 

the
redemption of all or any portion of an ownership interest, except for limited circumstances provided for in the Operating Agreement; 

9 

a
decision to grant authorization for Round Top to file a petition for relief under any chapter of the United States Bankruptcy
Code, to consent to such relief in any involuntary petition filed against Round Top by any third party, or to admit in writing
any insolvency of Round Top or inability to pay its debts as they become due, or to consent to any receivership of Round Top; 

acquisition
or disposition of significant mineral rights, other real property or water rights outside of the area of interest as set forth
in the Operating Agreement or outside of the ordinary course of business; 

the
merger of Round Top into or with any other entity; and 

the
sale of all or substantially all of Round Top s assets. 

Manager .
The manager will manage, direct and control operations in accordance with Budgets, will prepare and present to the management
committee proposed Budgets, and will generally oversee and implement all of the day to day activities of Round Top. The manager
will conduct necessary equipment and materials procurement and property and equipment maintenance activities, with all operations
to be conducted in accordance with adopted Budgets. Before completion of the initial Budget, the manager will propose the next
Budget. The Company will have the ability to accept, comment on and propose rejection of the proposed Budget and the manager is
obligated to negotiate with the Company in good faith to develop an acceptable Budget. Voting for the adoption of such next proposed
program and Budget will be by a simple majority vote. 

Each
member has the right to elect not to contribute fully or not to contribute at all to an adopted Budget. If a member does not contribute
fully or at all, the other member has the right to make up some or all of the shortfall. In either case, the ownership interests
of the members are recalculated and the non-contributing member is diluted on a straight-line basis. The same process
is applied if the manager proposes to amend an adopted Budget by more than 15 and the proposal is approved. 

Reports .
The manager shall provide to the management committee periodic reports, including statements of accounts reflecting in detail
the charges and credits to the business account during the preceding month, quarterly progress reports that include statements
of expenditures and comparisons of such expenditures to the adopted Budget, summaries of data, and a final report after completion
of a Budget. 

Distributions .
Cash in excess of authorized reserves will be distributed to the members on a periodic basis as determined by the management committee.
No member will have the right to demand distributions in kind. Round Top will be required to make tax distributions to each member.
USARE will have the right to purchase products at fair value or to market and sell products to third parties. If, during any period,
products have been produced by Round Top and are available for sale but are not sold and a cash call or cash calls are made, then
USARE is obligated to fund the monthly cash call or monthly cash calls on behalf of the Company, at no cost or expense to the
Company, and the monthly cash call or monthly cash calls will be recovered by USARE solely out of the Company s proportional
interest in such products when sold. 

Permitted
Transfers . Certain transfers are permitted under the Operating Agreement, including transfers to affiliates or through certain
mergers or other forms of business reorganization. A member may also encumber its ownership interest provided that if the ownership
interest is foreclosed upon, the other member has a pre-emptive right to acquire such ownership interest at the foreclosure sale.
If the transfer is a permitted transfer, the transferee is automatically admitted as a member; otherwise unless
the other member agrees, the transferee is only an economic interest holder with no voting or other rights held by a member. 

Right
of First Offer . If a member desires to transfer all or a portion of its ownership interest to a third party (other than a
permitted transfer), it may do that without the consent of the other member so long as it gives the other member the first right
to purchase its ownership interest on the same terms. If the other member does not elect to purchase the ownership interest on
such terms, the member may sell its ownership interest on such terms and the transfer will be a permitted transfer. 

Drag-Along
Right . If USARE accepts a bona fide offer to purchase its entire ownership interest and all other rights under the Operating
Agreement from an unrelated third party, the Company will then be obligated to sell its entire ownership interest and all other
rights under the Operating Agreement to the unrelated third party on the same terms and conditions as are accepted by USARE. 

Involuntary
Resignation Elimination of Interest . If a member s ownership interest is reduced through dilution to less than
5 , the member will be deemed to have resigned from Round Top and will relinquish its ownership interest to Round Top, in exchange
for the right to receive 5 of net proceeds, if any, from the sale of products by Round Top. 

Operations
of the Round Top Project 

During
the current fiscal year, Round Top is expected to fund the expenditure of approximately 20 million to optimize the leaching and
developing of the CIX/CIC processing of the Round Top Project. Initial process design work will be carried out at USARE s
facility in Wheat Ridge, Colorado. Pending completion of the initial process development, this facility will either be relocated
to or replicated at the Round Top Project where a pilot plant is expected to be established. This work will consist of mining
and crushing approximately 40,000 tonnes of rhyolite and setting up and equipping a facility to conduct pilot plant scale heap
leaching. It is estimated that the Round Top Project will require additional time and further expenditure to complete a bankable
feasibility study. We plan to fund up to approximately 3.5 million of the expected expenditures by Round Top during our current
fiscal year. 

10 

Trends
 Markets 

Rare
earth elements, or REEs, are a group of chemically similar elements that usually are found together in nature they
are referred to as the lanthanide series. These individual elements have a variety of characteristics that are important
in a wide range of technologies, products, and applications and are critical inputs in existing and emerging applications including:
computer hard drives, cell phones, clean energy technologies, such as hybrid and electric vehicles and wind power turbines; multiple
high-tech uses, including fiber optics, lasers and hard disk drives; numerous defense applications, such as guidance and control
systems and global positioning systems; and advanced water treatment technology for use in industrial, military and outdoor recreation
applications. As a result, global demand for REE is projected to steadily increase due to continuing growth in existing applications
and increased innovation and development of new end uses. Interest in developing resources domestically has become a strategic
necessity as there is limited production of these elements outside of China. Our ability to raise additional funds in order to
complete our plan of exploration and, if warranted, development at the Round Top Project may be impacted by future prices for
REEs. 

Sources
and Availability of Raw Materials 

The
Round Top Project is currently in the exploration stage and as such Round Top does not require any significant raw materials in
order to carry out its primary operating activities. Our primary operating objective is to continue to fund the exploration and
development of the Round Top Project. The raw materials that the current operations of Round Top rely upon are gasoline and diesel
fuel for the exploration vehicles and for the heavy equipment required to build roads and conduct drilling operations. Water is
expected to be provided per service contract by Eagle Mountain Gang or through other sources. 

Seasonality 

Seasonality
in the State of Texas is not a material factor to our operations for our project. 

Competition 

The
mining industry is highly competitive. Round Top competes with numerous companies, substantially all of which have greater financial
resources available to them. Round Top is, therefore, operating at a significant disadvantage in the course of acquiring mining
properties and obtaining materials, supplies, labor, and equipment. Additionally, Round Top is and we are and will continue to
be an insignificant participant in the business of exploration and mineral property development. A large number of established
and well-financed companies are active in the mining industry and will have an advantage over us if they are competing for the
same properties. Nearly all such entities have greater financial resources, technical expertise and managerial capabilities than
ourselves and, consequently, we will be at a competitive disadvantage in identifying possible mining properties and procuring
the same. 

China
accounts for the vast majority of rare earth element production. While rare earth element projects exist outside of China, very
few are in actual production. Further, given the timeline for current exploration projects to come into production, if at all,
it is likely that the Chinese will be able to dominate the market for rare earth elements into the future. This gives the Chinese
a competitive advantage in controlling the supply of rare earth elements and engaging in competitive price reductions to discourage
competition. Any increase in the amount of rare earth elements exported from other nations, and increased competition, may result
in price reductions, reduced margins and loss of potential market share, any of which could materially adversely affect our operations.
As a result of these factors, we may not be able to compete effectively against current and future competitors. 

Government
Approvals 

The
exploration, drilling and mining industries operate in a legal environment that requires permits to conduct virtually all operations.
Thus permits are required by local, state and federal government agencies. Local authorities, usually counties, also have control
over mining activity. The various permits address such issues as prospecting, development, production, labor standards, taxes,
occupational health and safety, toxic substances, air quality, water use, water discharge, water quality, noise, dust, wildlife
impacts, as well as other environmental and socioeconomic issues. 

Prior
to receiving the necessary permits to explore or mine, the operator must comply with all regulatory requirements imposed by all
governmental authorities having jurisdiction over the project area. Very often, in order to obtain the requisite permits, the
operator must have its land reclamation, restoration or replacement plans pre-approved. Specifically, the operator must present
its plan as to how it intends to restore or replace the affected area. Often all or any of these requirements can cause delays
or involve costly studies or alterations of the proposed activity or time frame of operations, in order to mitigate impacts. All
of these factors make it more difficult and costly to operate and have a negative and sometimes fatal impact on the viability
of the exploration or mining operation. It is possible that future changes in these laws or regulations could have a significant
impact on our business, causing those activities to be economically reevaluated at that time. 

11 

Effect
of Existing or Probable Government and Environmental Regulations 

Mineral
exploration, including mining operations are subject to governmental regulation. The Round Top operations may be affected in varying
degrees by government regulation such as restrictions on production, price controls, tax increases, expropriation of property,
environmental and pollution controls or changes in conditions under which minerals may be marketed. An excess supply of certain
minerals may exist from time to time due to lack of markets, restrictions on exports, and numerous factors beyond our control.
These factors include market fluctuations and government regulations relating to prices, taxes, royalties, allowable production
and importing and exporting minerals. The effect of these factors cannot be accurately determined, and we are not aware of any
probable government regulations that would impact the Company. This section is intended as a brief overview of the laws and regulations
described herein and is not intended to be a comprehensive treatment of the subject matter. 

Overview. Like
all other mining companies doing business in the United States, Round Top is subject to a variety of federal, state and local
statutes, rules and regulations designed to protect the quality of the air and water, and threatened or endangered species, in
the vicinity of its operations. These include permitting or pre-operating approval requirements designed to ensure
the environmental integrity of a proposed mining facility, operating requirements designed to mitigate the effects of discharges
into the environment during exploration, mining operations, and reclamation or post-operation requirements designed to remediate
the lands affected by a mining facility once commercial mining operations have ceased. 

Federal
legislation in the United States and implementing regulations adopted and administered by the Environmental Protection Agency,
the Forest Service, the Bureau of Land Management, the Fish and Wildlife Service, the Army Corps of Engineers and other agencies in
particular, legislation such as the federal Clean Water Act, the Clean Air Act, the National Environmental Policy Act, the Endangered
Species Act, the National Forest Management Act, the Wilderness Act, and the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation
and Liability Act have a direct bearing on domestic mining operations. These federal initiatives are often administered
and enforced through state agencies operating under parallel state statutes and regulations. 

The
Clean Water Act. The federal Clean Water Act is the principal federal environmental protection law regulating mining
operations in the United States as it pertains to water quality. 

At
the state level, water quality is regulated by the Environment Department, Water and Waste Management Division under the Water
Quality Act (state). If our exploration or any future development activities might affect a ground water aquifer, it will have
to apply for a Ground Water Discharge Permit from the Ground Water Quality Bureau in compliance with the Groundwater Regulations.
If exploration affects surface water, then compliance with the Surface Water Regulations is required. 

The
Clean Air Act . The federal Clean Air Act establishes ambient air quality standards, limits the discharges of new sources and
hazardous air pollutants and establishes a federal air quality permitting program for such discharges. Hazardous materials are
defined in the federal Clean Air Act and enabling regulations adopted under the federal Clean Air Act to include various metals.
The federal Clean Air Act also imposes limitations on the level of particulate matter generated from mining operations. 

National
Environmental Policy Act (NEPA) . NEPA requires all governmental agencies to consider the impact on the human environment of
major federal actions as therein defined. 

Endangered
Species Act (ESA) . The ESA requires federal agencies to ensure that any action authorized, funded or carried out by such agency
is not likely to jeopardize the continued existence of any endangered or threatened species or result in the destruction or adverse
modification of their critical habitat. In order to facilitate the conservation of imperiled species, the ESA establishes an interagency
consultation process. When a federal agency proposes an action that may affect a listed species, it must consult
with the United States Fish and Wildlife Service USFWS and must prepare a biological assessment 
of the effects of a major construction activity if the USFWS advises that a threatened species may be present in the area of the
activity. 

National
Forest Management Act . The National Forest Management Act, as implemented through title 36 of the Code of Federal Regulations,
provides a planning framework for lands and resource management of the National Forests. The planning framework seeks to manage
the National Forest System resources in a combination that best serves the public interest without impairment of the productivity
of the land, consistent with the Multiple Use Sustained Yield Act of 1960. 

Wilderness
Act . The Wilderness Act of 1964 created a National Wilderness Preservation System composed of federally owned areas designated
by Congress as wilderness areas to be preserved for future use and enjoyment. 

The
Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act (CERCLA) . CERCLA imposes clean-up and reclamation responsibilities
with respect to discharges into the environment, and establishes significant criminal and civil penalties against those persons
who are primarily responsible for such discharges. 

12 

The
Resource Conservation and Recovery Act (RCRA) . RCRA was designed and implemented to regulate the disposal of solid and hazardous
wastes. It restricts solid waste disposal practices and the management, reuse or recovery of solid wastes and imposes substantial
additional requirements on the subcategory of solid wastes that are determined to be hazardous. Like the Clean Water Act, RCRA
provides for citizens suits to enforce the provisions of the law. 

National
Historic Preservation Act . The National Historic Preservation Act was designed and implemented to protect historic and cultural
properties. Compliance with the Act is necessary where federal properties or federal actions are undertaken, such as mineral exploration
on federal land, which may impact historic or traditional cultural properties, including native or Indian cultural sites. 

In
the fiscal year ended August 31, 2021, we incurred minimal costs in complying with environmental laws and regulations in relation
to our operating activities. 

Employees 

Including
our executive officers, we currently have two fulltime employees. We also utilize the services of qualified consultants with geological
and mineralogical expertise as well as individuals for accounting services. 

Investment
Company Act Exclusion 

Section
3(a)(9) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended 1940 Act ), provides that a company substantially
all of whose business consists of owning or holding oil, gas, or other mineral royalties or leases, or fractional interests therein,
or certificates of interest or participation in or investment contracts relative to such royalties, leases, or fractional interests 
is not an investment company within the meaning of the 1940 Act. The Company has determined that this exemption applies to it
giving consideration to the following four factors: 

whether the exempted activity constitutes substantially all of our business; 

The
 Company has owned mineral leases since 2010, all of our business to date has been comprised
 of owning and developing the mineral leases and, after the May 2021 farm-down 
 of its 100 interest in the mineral leases, all of our business continues to be comprised
 of owning and holding a certificate of interest and a participation in the mineral leases
 owned by Round Top. The Company s mineral assets historically, as well as the value
 of the certificate of interest at August 31, 2021, have been booked at cost in accordance
 with GAAP. We have an accumulated deficit of approximately 36.9 million at August 31,
 2021 as a result of owning and developing the Round Top Project. Our Board of Directors
 has authorized and instructed us to (i) invest approximately 3.5 million of our
 current cash during the current fiscal year to meet the Round Top budgeted cash calls
 pursuant to the initial Budget adopted by the Company and USARE in the Operating Agreement,
 as well as to (ii) fund future budgets to be adopted by the management committee
 of Round Top to the extent of available working capital. 

whether we own or trade in the mineral leases; 

The
 Company has owned the mineral leases, which are now owned by Round Top, since 2010 and
 neither the Company nor Round Top is in the business of dealing or trading in the mineral
 leases. 

what qualifies as an eligible asset for purposes of the exception; and 

The
 statute specifically references mineral leases and our mineral leases were owned by the
 Company and are now owned by Round Top. In accordance with Regulation S-K Item 1300 that
 governs disclosure by registrants engaged in mining operations, the definition of mineral
 resource is a concentration or occurrence of material of economic interest in
 or on the Earth s crust. Our rare earth elements and minerals underlying
 the mineral leases meet that definition, as well as does coal, silver, gold and other
 material mined for economic value by registrants involved in mining operations. The SEC
 staff has recognized that an excepted entity can also engage in related business activities
 such as exploring, developing, and operating the eligible assets. 

what qualifies as a certificate of interest or participation in or an investment contract relative to 
the eligible assets. 

The
 statute allows a Company to own a certificate of interest or participation
 in the mineral leases. The SEC staff has advised that limited partnership interests
 and/or similar securities issued by entities that themselves own the leases constitute
 certificate of interest or participation in or investment contracts related
 to such leases. The Company s 20 membership interest in Round Top constitutes
 a certificate of interest and a participation in the mineral
 leases that are owned by Round Top. 

The
Company intends to continue to conduct its business operations in order to continue to be excluded from the definition of an investment
company under the 1940 Act. 

13 

Available
Information 

We
make available, free of charge, on or through our Internet website, at www.TMRC.com our annual reports on Form 10-K, our quarterly
reports on Form 10-Q and our current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section
13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Our Internet website and the information contained therein or connected thereto are not intended
to be, and are not incorporated into this Annual Report. 

ITEM
1A. RISK FACTORS 

The
following sets forth certain risks and uncertainties that could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition
and/or results of operations, and the trading price of our common stock which may decline and investors may lose all or part of
their investment. These risk factors should be considered along with the forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report
on Form 10-K because these factors could cause our actual results or financial condition to differ materially from those projected
in forward-looking statements. Additional risks and uncertainties that we do not presently know or that we currently deem immaterial
also may impair our business operations. We cannot assure you that we will successfully address these risks or that other unknown
risks exist that may affect our business. 

Risk
Related to Our Business 

We
have a history of losses and will require additional financing to fund operations. Failure to obtain additional financing could
have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operation and could cast uncertainty on our ability to
continue as a going concern in future periods. 

During
the fiscal year ended August 31, 2021, we had no revenues. For the fiscal year ended August 31, 2021, our net income was approximately
 2,044,000 and our accumulated deficit at August 31, 2021 was approximately 36.9 million. At August 31, 2021, our cash position
was approximately 5,107,000 and our working capital surplus was approximately 4,978,000. Round Top has not commenced commercial
production on any of our mineral properties. We have no revenues from operations and anticipate we will have no operating revenues
during the current fiscal year. 

During
the current fiscal year, Round Top is expected to fund the expenditure of approximately 20 million to optimize the leaching and
developing of the CIX/CIC processing of the Round Top Project. Initial process design work will be carried out at USARE s
facility in Wheat Ridge, Colorado. Pending completion of the initial process development, this facility will either be relocated
to or replicated at the Round Top Project where a pilot plant is expected to be established. This work will consist of mining
and crushing approximately 40,000 tons of rhyolite and setting up and equipping a facility to conduct pilot plant scale heap leaching.
It is estimated that the Round Top Project will require additional time and further expenditure to complete a bankable feasibility
study. We plan to fund up to approximately 3.5 million of the expected expenditures by Round Top during our fiscal year ending
August 31, 2022. 

We
have sufficient cash on hand to fund our portion of the Round Top Budget during our current fiscal year. Thereafter, we will need
to raise additional funding to implement our business strategy and to continue to fund our portion of the Round Top Budget, the
failure of which could cause us to curtail or cease our operations. The most likely source of future financing presently available
to us is through the sale of our securities. Any sale of our shares of Common Stock will result in dilution of equity ownership
to existing stockholders. This means that if we sell shares of Common Stock, more shares will be outstanding and each existing
stockholder will own a smaller percentage of the shares then outstanding. Alternatively, we may rely on debt financing and assume
debt obligations that require us to make substantial interest and capital payments. Also, we may issue or grant warrants or options
in the future pursuant to which additional shares of Common Stock may be issued. Exercise of such warrants or options will result
in dilution of equity ownership to our existing stockholders. 

We
have a limited operating history on which to base an evaluation of our business and properties. 

Any
investment in the Company should be considered a high-risk investment because investors will be placing funds at risk in an early
stage, under-capitalized business with unforeseen costs, expenses, competition, a history of operating losses and other problems
to which start-up ventures are often subject. Investors should not invest in the Company unless they can afford to lose their
entire investment. Your investment must be considered in light of the risks, expenses, and difficulties encountered in establishing
a new business in a highly competitive and mature industry. Our operating history has been restricted to the acquisition and sampling
of the Round Top Project and this does not provide a meaningful basis for an evaluation of the Round Top Project. Other than through
conventional and typical exploration methods and procedures, we have no additional way to evaluate the likelihood of whether the
Round Top Project contains commercial quantities of mineral reserves or, if it does, that it will be operated successfully. We
anticipate that we will continue to incur operating costs without realizing any revenues during the period when we are exploring
our properties. 

14 

The
Round Top Project is in the exploration stage. There is no assurance that Round Top can establish the existence of any mineral
reserve from the Round Top Project in commercially exploitable quantities. Until then, we cannot earn any revenues from the Round
Top Project, and our business could fail. 

We
have not established that the Round Top Project contains any commercial exploitable quantities of mineral reserve, nor can there
be any assurance that we will be able to do so. The probability of the Round Top Project ever having a commercial exploitable
mineral reserve that meets the requirements of the SEC may be remote. Even if we do eventually discover commercial exploitable
quantities of mineral reserve on the Round Top Project, there can be no assurance that it can be developed into a producing mine
and extract those minerals. Both mineral exploration and development involve a high degree of risk and few properties, which are
explored, are ultimately developed into producing mines. 

The
commercial viability of an established mineral deposit will depend on a number of factors including, by way of example, the size,
grade and other attributes of the mineral deposit, the proximity of the deposit to infrastructure such as a smelter, roads and
a point for shipping, government regulation and market prices. Most of these factors will be beyond our control, and any of them
could increase costs and make extraction of any identified mineral deposit unprofitable. 

Even
if commercial viability of a mineral deposit is established, it may take several years in the initial phases of drilling until
production is possible, during which time the economic feasibility of production may change. Substantial expenditures are required
to establish proven and probable reserves through drilling and bulk sampling, to determine the optimal metallurgical process to
extract the metals from the ore and, in the case of new properties, to construct mining and processing facilities. Because of
these uncertainties, no assurance can be given that our exploration programs will result in the establishment or expansion of
a mineral deposit or reserves. 

We
have no history of producing metals from the Round Top Project. 

We
have no history of producing metals from the Round Top Project. The Round Top Project is an exploration stage property in the
early stage of exploration and evaluation. Advancing properties from exploration into the development stage requires significant
capital and time, and successful commercial production from the Round Top Project, if any, will be subject to completing feasibility
studies, permitting and construction of the mine, processing plants, roads, and other related works and infrastructure. As a result,
we are subject to all of the risks associated with developing and establishing new mining operations and business enterprises
including: 

completion
 of feasibility studies to verify reserves and commercial viability, including the ability
 to find sufficient REE reserves to support a commercial mining operation; 

the
 timing and cost, which can be considerable, of further exploration, preparing feasibility
 studies, permitting and construction of infrastructure, mining and processing facilities; 

the
 availability and costs of drill equipment, exploration personnel, skilled labor and mining
 and processing equipment, if required; 

the
 availability and cost of appropriate smelting and/or refining arrangements, if required,
 and securing a commercially viable sales outlet for our products; 

compliance
 with environmental and other governmental approval and permit requirements; 

the
 availability of funds to finance exploration, development and construction activities,
 as warranted; 

potential
 opposition from non-governmental organizations, environmental groups, local groups or
 local inhabitants which may delay or prevent development activities; 

potential
 increases in exploration, construction and operating costs due to changes in the cost
 of fuel, power, materials and supplies; and 

potential
 shortages of mineral processing, construction and other facilities related supplies. 

The
costs, timing and complexities of exploration, development and construction activities may be increased by the location of the
Round Top Project (or other properties that may subsequently be acquired) and demand by other mineral exploration and mining companies.
It is common in exploration programs to experience unexpected problems and delays during drill programs and, if warranted, development,
construction and mine start-up activities. Accordingly, our activities may not result in profitable mining operations and we may
not succeed in establishing mining operations or profitably producing metals at any of our properties. 

15 

If
we establish the existence of a mineral reserve in the Round Top Project in a commercially exploitable quantity, we will require
additional capital in order to develop the property into a producing mine. If we cannot raise this additional capital, we will
not be able to exploit the reserve, and our business could fail. 

If
we do discover mineral reserves in commercially exploitable quantities in the Round Top Project (or any of our properties that
may subsequently be acquired), we will be required to expend substantial sums of money to establish the extent of the reserve,
develop processes to extract it and develop extraction and processing facilities and infrastructure. We do not have adequate capital
to develop necessary facilities and infrastructure and will need to raise additional funds. Although we may derive substantial
benefits from the discovery of a major mineral deposit, there can be no assurance that such a deposit will be large enough to
justify commercial operations, nor can there be any assurance that we will be able to raise the funds required for development
on a timely basis. If we cannot raise the necessary capital or complete the necessary facilities and infrastructure, our business
may fail and your investment in our Common Stock will be lost. 

Our
exploration activities may not be commercially successful. 

Our
long-term success depends on our ability to identify mineral deposits in the Round Top Project or other properties we may acquire,
if any, that we can then develop into commercially viable mining operations. Our belief that the Round Top Project contains commercially
exploitable minerals has been based solely on preliminary tests that we have conducted and data provided by third parties, including
the data published in various third party reports. There can be no assurance that the tests and data upon which we have relied
is correct or accurate. Moreover, mineral exploration is highly speculative in nature, involves many risks and is frequently non-productive.
Unusual or unexpected geologic formations and the inability to obtain suitable or adequate machinery, equipment or labor are risks
involved in the conduct of exploration programs. The success of mineral exploration and development is determined in part by the
following factors: 

the
 identification of potential mineralization based on analysis; 

the
 availability of exploration permits; 

the
 quality of our management and our geological and technical expertise; and 

the
 capital available for exploration. 

Substantial
expenditures and time are required to establish existing proven and probable reserves through drilling and analysis, to develop
metallurgical processes to extract metal, and to develop the mining and processing facilities and infrastructure at any site chosen
for mining. Whether a mineral deposit will be commercially viable depends on a number of factors, which include, without limitation,
the particular attributes of the deposit, such as size, grade and proximity to infrastructure; metal prices, which fluctuate widely;
and government regulations, including, without limitation, regulations relating to prices, taxes, royalties, land tenure, land
use, allowable production, importing and exporting of minerals and environmental protection. Any one or a combination of these
factors may result in us not receiving an adequate return on our investment capital. The decision to abandon a project may have
an adverse effect on the market value of our securities and our ability to raise future financing. 

Increased
costs could affect our financial condition. 

We
anticipate that costs at the Round Top Project as it is developed, if warranted, will frequently be subject to variation from
one year to the next due to a number of factors, such as changing ore grade, metallurgy and revisions to mine plans, if any, in
response to the physical shape and location of the ore body. In addition, costs are affected by the price of commodities such
as fuel, rubber, and electricity. Such commodities are at times subject to volatile price movements, including increases that
could make production at certain operations less profitable. A material increase in costs at any significant location could have
a significant effect on the Round Top operations. 

A
shortage of equipment and supplies could adversely affect our ability to operate our business. 

Round
Top is and will be dependent on various supplies and equipment to carry out mining exploration and, if warranted, development
operations. The shortage of such supplies, equipment and parts could have a material adverse effect on the ability to carry out
Round Top s operations and therefore limit or increase the cost of production. 

16 

Mining
and mineral exploration is inherently dangerous and subject to conditions or events beyond our control, which could have a material
adverse effect on our business and plans. 

Mining
and mineral exploration involves various types of risks and hazards, including: 

environmental
 hazards; 

power
 outages; 

metallurgical
 and other processing problems; 

unusual
 or unexpected geological formations; 

personal
 injury, flooding, fire, explosions, cave-ins, landslides and rock-bursts; 

inability
 to obtain suitable or adequate machinery, equipment, or labor; 

metals
 losses; 

fluctuations
 in exploration, development and production costs; 

labor
 disputes; 

unanticipated
 variations in grade; 

mechanical
 equipment failure; and 

periodic
 interruptions due to inclement or hazardous weather conditions. 

These
risks could result in damage to, or destruction of, the Round Top Project, production facilities or other properties, personal
injury, environmental damage, delays in mining, increased production costs, monetary losses and possible legal liability. Round
Top may not be able to obtain insurance to cover these risks at economically feasible premiums. Insurance against certain environmental
risks, including potential liability for pollution or other hazards as a result of the disposal of waste products occurring from
production, may be prohibitively expensive. Round Top may suffer a material adverse effect on its business if not covered by insurance
policies. 

The
figures for our mineralization are estimates based on interpretation and assumptions and may yield less mineral production under
actual conditions than is currently estimated. 

Unless
otherwise indicated, mineralization figures presented in this Annual Report and in our filings with securities regulatory authorities,
press releases and other public statements that may be made from time to time are based upon estimates made by independent geologists
and our internal geologists. When making determinations about whether to advance any of our projects to development, we must rely
upon such estimated calculations as to the mineral reserves and grades of mineralization on our properties. Until ore is actually
mined and processed, mineral reserves and grades of mineralization must be considered as estimates only. 

Estimates
can be imprecise and depend upon geological interpretation and statistical inferences drawn from drilling and sampling analysis,
which may prove to be unreliable. We cannot assure you that: 

these
 interpretations and inferences will be accurate; 

mineralization
 estimates will be accurate; or 

this
 mineralization can be mined or processed profitably. 

Analytical
uncertainties of resource estimates 

All
resource and grade estimates are based on state of the art analytical methods. However, any procedure for analyzing small amounts
of metals in a chemically complex matrix may be subject to error and other uncertainties. 

17 

The
Round Top operations may contain significant uninsured risks which could negatively impact future profitability. 

The
exploration of the Round Top Project contains certain risks, including unexpected or unusual operating conditions including rock
bursts, cave-ins, flooding, fire and earthquakes. It is not always possible to insure against these risks. Should events such
as these arise, they could reduce or eliminate our investment in Round Top as well as result in increased costs and a decline
in the value of our investment. 

Mineral
operations are subject to market forces outside of our control which could negatively impact us . 

The
marketability of minerals is affected by numerous factors beyond our control including market fluctuations, government regulations
relating to prices, taxes, royalties, allowable production, imports, exports and supply and demand. One or more of these risk
elements could have an impact on the costs of the Round Top operations and, if significant enough, could impact our investment. 

We
may be adversely affected by fluctuations in demand for, and prices of, rare earth products. 

We
expect to derive revenues, if any, from the sale of rare earth and related minerals by Round Top. Changes in demand for, and the
market price of, these minerals could significantly affect us. The value and price of our Common Stock and our financial results
may be significantly adversely affected by declines in the prices of rare earth minerals and products. Rare earth minerals and
product prices may fluctuate and are affected by numerous factors beyond our control such as interest rates, exchange rates, inflation
or deflation, fluctuation in the relative value of the U.S. dollar against foreign currencies on the world market, global and
regional supply and demand for rare earth minerals and products, and the political and economic conditions of countries that produce
rare earth minerals and products. 

A
prolonged or significant economic contraction in the United States or worldwide could put further downward pressure on market
prices of rare earth minerals and products. Protracted periods of low prices for rare earth minerals and products could significantly
reduce revenues and the availability of required development funds in the future. This could cause substantial reductions to,
or a suspension of, REO production operations, impair asset values and if reserves are established on our prospects, reduce our
proven and probable rare earth ore reserves. 

In
contrast, extended periods of high commodity prices may create economic dislocations that may be destabilizing to rare earth minerals
supply and demand and ultimately to the broader markets. Periods of high rare earth mineral market prices generally are beneficial
to us. However, strong rare earth mineral prices also create economic pressure to identify or create alternate technologies that
ultimately could depress future long-term demand for rare earth minerals and products, and at the same time may incentivize development
of otherwise marginal mining properties. 

Permitting,
licensing and approval processes are required for the operations at the Round Top Project and obtaining and maintaining required
permits and licenses is subject to conditions which may be unable to be achieved. 

Both
mineral exploration and extraction at the Round Top Project requires permits from various federal, state, provincial and local
governmental authorities and are governed by laws and regulations, including those with respect to prospecting, mine development,
mineral production, transport, export, taxation, labor standards, occupational health, waste disposal, toxic substances, land
use, environmental protection, mine safety and other matters. Permits known to be required are (i) an operating plan for the conduct
of exploration and development approved by the GLO, (ii) an operating plan for production approved by the GLO, (iii) various reporting
to and approval by the Texas Railroad Commission regarding drilling and plugging of drill holes, and (v) reporting to and compliance
with regulations of the Texas Commission of Environmental Quality. If Round Top recovers uranium at the Round Top Project, it
will be required to obtain a source material license from the United States Nuclear Regulatory Commission. Round Top may also
be subject to the reporting requirements and regulations of the Texas Department of Health. Such licenses and permits are subject
to changes in regulations and changes in various operating circumstances. Companies that engage in exploration activities often
experience increased costs and delays in production and other schedules as a result of the need to comply with applicable laws,
regulations and permits. Issuance of permits for the Round Top activities is subject to the discretion of government authorities,
and Round Top may be unable to obtain or maintain such permits. Permits required for future exploration or development may not
be obtainable on reasonable terms or on a timely basis. There can be no assurance that Round Top will be able to obtain or maintain
any of the permits required for the continued exploration or development of the Round Top Project (or any other of our mineral
properties that we may subsequently acquire) or for the construction and operation of a mine on our properties that we may subsequently
acquire at economically viable costs. If Round Top or we cannot accomplish these objectives, our business could face difficulty
and/or fail. 

Round
Top is subject to significant governmental regulations, which affect its operations and costs of conducting its business. 

Round
Top s current and future operations are and will be governed by laws and regulations, including: 

laws
 and regulations governing mineral concession acquisition, prospecting, development, mining
 and production; 

laws
 and regulations related to exports, taxes and fees; 

18 

labor
 standards and regulations related to occupational health and mine safety; 

environmental
 standards and regulations related to waste disposal, toxic substances, land use and environmental
 protection; and 

other
 matters. 

Companies
engaged in exploration activities often experience increased costs and delays in production and other schedules as a result of
the need to comply with applicable laws, regulations and permits. Failure to comply with applicable laws, regulations and permits
may result in enforcement actions, including the forfeiture of claims, orders issued by regulatory or judicial authorities requiring
operations to cease or be curtailed, and may include corrective measures requiring capital expenditures, installation of additional
equipment or costly remedial actions. Round Top may be required to compensate those suffering loss or damage by reason of its
mineral exploration activities and may have civil or criminal fines or penalties imposed for violations of such laws, regulations
and permits. 

Existing
and possible future laws, regulations and permits governing operations and activities of exploration companies, or more stringent
implementation, could have a material adverse impact on Round Top s business and cause increases in capital expenditures
or require abandonment or delays in exploration. 

Regulations
and pending legislation governing issues involving climate change could result in increased operating costs, which could have
a material adverse effect on our business. 

A
number of governments or governmental bodies have introduced or are contemplating regulatory changes in response to various climate
change interest groups and the potential impact of climate change. Legislation and increased regulation regarding climate change
could impose significant costs on Round Top, our venture partners and our suppliers, including costs related to increased energy
requirements, capital equipment, environmental monitoring and reporting and other costs to comply with such regulations. Any adopted
future climate change regulations could also negatively impact the ability to compete with companies situated in areas not subject
to such limitations. Given the emotion, political significance and uncertainty around the impact of climate change and how it
should be dealt with, we cannot predict how legislation and regulation will affect our financial condition, operating performance
and ability to compete. Furthermore, even without such regulation, increased awareness and any adverse publicity in the global
marketplace about potential impacts on climate change by us or other companies in our industry could harm our reputation. The
potential physical impacts of climate change on our operations are highly uncertain, and would be particular to the geographic
circumstances in areas in which we operate. These may include changes in rainfall and storm patterns and intensities, water shortages,
changing sea levels and changing temperatures. These impacts may adversely impact the cost, production and financial performance
of our operations. 

Round
Top s exploration and development activities are subject to environmental risks, which could expose Round Top to significant
liability and delay, suspension or termination of our operations. 

The
exploration, possible future development and production phases of the Round Top business will be subject to federal, state and
local environmental regulation. These regulations mandate, among other things, the maintenance of air and water quality standards
and land reclamation. They also set out limitations on the generation, transportation, storage and disposal of solid and hazardous
waste. Environmental legislation is evolving in a manner which will require stricter standards and enforcement, increased fines
and penalties for non-compliance, more stringent environmental assessments, and a heightened degree of responsibility for companies
and their officers, directors and employees. Future changes in environmental regulations, if any, may adversely affect our operations.
If Round Top fails to comply with any of the applicable environmental laws, regulations or permit requirements, it could face
regulatory or judicial sanctions. Penalties imposed by either the courts or administrative bodies could delay or stop operations
or require a considerable capital expenditure. Although Round Top intends to comply with all environmental laws and permitting
obligations in conducting its business, there is a possibility that those opposed to exploration and mining will attempt to interfere
with its operations, whether by legal process, regulatory process or otherwise. 

Environmental
hazards unknown to Round Top, which have been caused by previous or existing owners or operators of the properties, may exist
on the properties comprising the Round Top Project. It is possible that these properties could be located on or near the site
of a Federal Superfund cleanup project; as such, it is possible that environmental cleanup or other environmental restoration
procedures could remain to be completed or mandated by law, causing unpredictable and unexpected liabilities to arise. 

The
Comprehensive Environmental, Response, Compensation, and Liability Act CERCLA ), and comparable state statutes,
impose strict, joint and several liability on current and former owners and operators of sites and on persons who disposed of
or arranged for the disposal of hazardous substances found at such sites. It is not uncommon for the government to file claims
requiring cleanup actions, demands for reimbursement for government-incurred cleanup costs, or natural resource damages, or for
neighboring landowners and other third parties to file claims for personal injury and property damage allegedly caused by hazardous
substances released into the environment. The Federal Resource Conservation and Recovery Act RCRA ), and comparable
state statutes, govern the disposal of solid waste and hazardous waste and authorize the imposition of substantial fines and penalties
for noncompliance, as well as requirements for corrective actions. CERCLA, RCRA and comparable state statutes can impose liability
for clean-up of sites and disposal of substances found on exploration, mining and processing sites long after activities on such
sites have been completed. 

19 

The
Clean Air Act, as amended, restricts the emission of air pollutants from many sources, including mining and processing activities.
Our mining operations may produce air emissions, including fugitive dust and other air pollutants from stationary equipment, storage
facilities and the use of mobile sources such as trucks and heavy construction equipment, which are subject to review, monitoring
and/or control requirements under the Clean Air Act and state air quality laws. New facilities may be required to obtain permits
before work can begin, and existing facilities may be required to incur capital costs in order to remain in compliance. In addition,
permitting rules may impose limitations on our production levels or result in additional capital expenditures in order to comply
with the rules. 

The
National Environmental Policy Act NEPA requires federal agencies to integrate environmental considerations into
their decision-making processes by evaluating the environmental impacts of their proposed actions, including issuance of permits
to mining facilities, and assessing alternatives to those actions. If a proposed action could significantly affect the environment,
the agency must prepare a detailed statement known as an Environmental Impact Statement EIS ). The U.S. Environmental
Protection Agency EPA ), other federal agencies, and any interested third parties will review and comment on the
scoping of the EIS and the adequacy of and findings set forth in the draft and final EIS. This process can cause delays in issuance
of required permits or result in changes to a project to mitigate its potential environmental impacts, which can in turn impact
the economic feasibility of a proposed project. 

The
Clean Water Act CWA ), and comparable state statutes, imposes restrictions and controls on the discharge of pollutants
into waters of the United States. The discharge of pollutants into regulated waters is prohibited, except in accordance with the
terms of a permit issued by the EPA or an analogous state agency. The CWA regulates storm water mining facilities and requires
a storm water discharge permit for certain activities. Such a permit requires the regulated facility to monitor and sample storm
water run-off from its operations. The CWA and regulations implemented thereunder also prohibit discharges of dredged and fill
material in wetlands and other waters of the United States unless authorized by an appropriately issued permit. The CWA and comparable
state statutes provide for civil, criminal and administrative penalties for unauthorized discharges of pollutants and impose liability
on parties responsible for those discharges for the costs of cleaning up any environmental damage caused by the release and for
natural resource damages resulting from the release. 

The
Safe Drinking Water Act SDWA and the Underground Injection Control UIC program promulgated thereunder,
regulate the drilling and operation of subsurface injection wells. EPA directly administers the UIC program in some states and
in others the responsibility for the program has been delegated to the state. The program requires that a permit be obtained before
drilling a disposal or injection well. Violation of these regulations and/or contamination of groundwater by mining related activities
may result in fines, penalties, and remediation costs, among other sanctions and liabilities under the SWDA and state laws. In
addition, third party claims may be filed by landowners and other parties claiming damages for alternative water supplies, property
damages, and bodily injury. 

We
could be subject to environmental lawsuits. 

Neighboring
landowners and other third parties could file claims based on environmental statutes and common law for personal injury and property
damage allegedly caused by the release of hazardous substances or other waste material into the environment on or around the Round
Top Project. There can be no assurance that our defense of such claims will be successful. A successful claim against us could
have an adverse effect on our business prospects, financial condition and results of operation. 

Land
reclamation requirements for the Round Top Project may be burdensome and expensive. 

Although
variability exists by location and the governing authority, land reclamation requirements are generally imposed on mineral exploration
companies (as well as companies with mining operations) in order to minimize long term effects of land disturbance. 

Reclamation
may include requirements to: 

control
 dispersion of potentially deleterious effluents; 

treat
 ground and surface water to drinking water standards; and 

reasonably
 re-establish pre-disturbance land forms and vegetation. 

In
order to carry out reclamation obligations imposed on Round Top in connection with potential development activities, Round Top
must allocate financial resources that might otherwise be spent on further exploration and development programs. Round Top plans
to set up a provision for our reclamation obligations on its properties, as appropriate, but this provision may not be adequate.
If Round Top is required to carry out unanticipated reclamation work, its financial position could be adversely affected. In accordance
with GLO lease/prospecting permits, all the areas impacted by the surface operations shall be reclaimed upon completion of the
activity, including (a) removal of all trash, debris, plastic and contaminated soil by off-site disposal, and (b) upon completion
of surface grading, the soil surface shall be left in a roughened condition to negate wind and enhance water infiltration. 

20 

Mining
presents potential health risks; payment of any liabilities that arise from these health risks may adversely impact Round Top. 

Complying
with health and safety standards will require additional expenditure on testing and the installation of safety equipment. Moreover,
inhalation of certain minerals can result in specific potential health risks. Symptoms of these associated diseases may take years
to manifest. Failure to comply with health and safety standards could result in statutory penalties and civil liability. Round
Top does not currently maintain any insurance coverage against these health risks. The payment of any liabilities that arise from
any such occurrences could have a material, adverse impact on Round Top. 

There
may be challenges to the title of the Round Top Project or any other mineral properties that we may acquire. 

We
expect that any additional properties to be acquired by Round Top or by us will be by unpatented claims or by lease from those
owning the property. The lease of the Round Top Project property was issued by the State of Texas. The validity of title to many
types of natural resource property depends upon numerous circumstances and factual matters (many of which are not discoverable
of record or by other readily available means) and is subject to many uncertainties of existing law and its application. We cannot
assure you that the validity of Round Top s titles to its properties or our title to properties we may purchase in the future
will be upheld or that third parties will not otherwise invalidate those rights. In the event the validity of Round Top s
or our titles with respect to any future properties are not upheld, such an event would have a material adverse effect on Round
Top and us. 

Increased
competition could adversely affect our ability to attract necessary capital funding or acquire suitable producing properties or
prospects for mineral exploration in the future. 

The
mining industry is intensely competitive. Significant competition exists for the acquisition of properties producing or capable
of producing, REE or other metals. We may be at a competitive disadvantage in acquiring additional mining properties because we
must compete with other individuals and companies, many of which have greater financial resources, operational experience and
technical capabilities than us. We may also encounter increasing competition from other mining companies in our efforts to hire
experienced mining professionals. Competition for exploration resources at all levels is currently very intense, particularly
affecting the availability of manpower, drill rigs, mining equipment and production equipment. Increased competition could adversely
affect our ability to attract necessary capital funding or acquire suitable producing properties or prospects for mineral exploration
in the future. 

We
compete with larger, better capitalized competitors in the mining industry. 

The
mining industry is competitive in all of its phases, including financing, technical resources, personnel and property acquisition.
We will require significant capital, technical resources, personnel and operational experience to effectively compete in the mining
industry. Because of the high costs associated with exploration, the expertise required to analyze a project s potential
and the capital required to develop a mine, larger companies with significant resources may have a competitive advantage over
us. We face strong competition from other mining companies, some with greater financial resources, operational experience and
technical capabilities than us. As a result of this competition, we may be unable to maintain or acquire financing, personnel,
technical resources or attractive mining properties on terms we consider acceptable or at all. 

Current
economic conditions and capital markets are subject to fluctuations which could adversely affect our ability to access the capital
markets, and thus adversely affect our business and liquidity. 

The
current economic conditions are in a state of flux that could have a negative impact on our ability to access the capital markets,
and thus have a negative impact on our business and liquidity. Our ability to access the capital markets has been and continues
to be severely restricted at a time when we need to access such markets, which could have a negative impact on our business plans.
Even if we are able to raise capital, it may not be at a price or on terms that are favorable to us. We cannot predict the occurrence
of future financial disruptions or how long the current market conditions may continue. 

Our
resources may not be sufficient to manage our expected growth; failure to properly manage our potential growth would be detrimental
to our business . 

We
may fail to adequately manage our anticipated future growth. Any growth in our operations will place a significant strain on our
administrative, financial and operational resources, and increase demands on our management and on our operational and administrative
systems, controls and other resources. We cannot assure you that our existing personnel, systems, procedures or controls will
be adequate to support our operations in the future or that we will be able to successfully implement appropriate measures consistent
with our growth strategy. As part of this growth, we may have to implement new operational and financial systems, procedures and
controls to expand, train and manage our employee base, and maintain close coordination among our staff. We cannot guarantee that
we will be able to do so, or that if we are able to do so, we will be able to effectively integrate them into our existing staff
and systems. 

21 

If
we are unable to manage growth effectively, our business, operating results and financial condition could be materially adversely
affected. As with all expanding businesses, the potential exists that growth will occur rapidly. If we are unable to effectively
manage this growth, our business and operating results could suffer. Anticipated growth in future operations may place a significant
strain on management systems and resources. In addition, the integration of new personnel will continue to result in some disruption
to ongoing operations. The ability to effectively manage growth in a rapidly evolving market requires effective planning and management
processes. We will need to continue to improve operational, financial and managerial controls, reporting systems and procedures,
and will need to continue to expand, train and manage our work force. 

We
may experience difficulty attracting and retaining qualified management to meet the needs of our anticipated growth, and the failure
to manage our growth effectively could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition. 

Competition
for additional qualified management is intense, and we may be unable to attract and retain additional key personnel, or to attract
and retain personnel on terms acceptable to us. Management personnel are currently limited and they may be unable to manage our
expansion successfully and the failure to do so could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and
financial condition. We have not entered into non-competition agreements. As our business is substantially dependent upon the
directors, executive officers and consultants, the lack of non-competition agreements poses a significant risk to us in the event
such persons were to resign or be terminated from such positions. Under such circumstances, such persons may provide confidential
information and key contacts to our competitors and we may have difficulties in preventing the disclosure of such information.
Such disclosure would have a material adverse effect on our business and operations. 

Our
operations are dependent upon key personnel, the loss of which would be detrimental to our business. 

The
nature of our business, including our ability to continue our exploration and development activities, depends, in large part,
on the efforts of key personnel such as Daniel Gorski, our Chief Executive Officer. The loss of Mr. Gorski could have a material
adverse effect on our business. We do not maintain key man life insurance policies on any of our officers or employees. 

Risks
Associated with our investment in Round Top 

We
have relied on an exclusion from the definition of investment company in order to avoid being subject to the Investment
Company Act of 1940, or the 1940 Act. To the extent the nature of our business changes in the future, we may become subject to
the requirements of the 1940 Act, which would limit our business operations and require us to spend significant resources in order
to comply with such Act. 

The
1940 Act defines an investment company, among other things, as an issuer that is engaged in the business of investing,
reinvesting, owning, holding or trading in securities and owns investment securities having a value exceeding 40 percent of the
issuer s unconsolidated assets, excluding cash items and securities issued by the federal government. However, the 1940
Act excludes from this definition any person substantially all of whose business consists of owning or holding oil, gas or other
mineral royalties or leases or fractional interests therein, or certificates of interest or participation relating to such mineral
royalties or leases. W e believe that we satisfy this mineral company exception
to the definition of investment company . If our reliance on the mineral
company exclusion from the definition of investment company is misplaced, we may have been in violation of the 1940 Act, the consequences
of which can be significant. For example, investment companies that fail to register under the 1940 Act are prohibited from conducting
business in interstate c ommerce, which includes selling securities or entering into other
contracts in interstate commerce. 

If
in the future the nature of our business changes such that the mineral company exception to the threshold definition of investment
company is not available to us, we will be required to register as an investment company with the SEC. The ramifications of becoming an
investment company, both in terms of the restrictions it would have on our Company and the cost of compliance, would be significant.
For example, in addition to expenses related to initially registering as an investment company, the 1940 Act also imposes various
restrictions with regard to our ability to enter into affiliated transactions, the diversification of our assets and our
ability to borrow money. If we became subject to the 1940 Act at some point in the future, our ability to continue pursuing
our business plan would be severely limited as it would be significantly more difficult for us to raise additional capital in
a manner that would comply with the requirements of the 1940 Act. To the extent we are unable to raise additional capital, we
may be forced to discontinue our operations or sell or otherwise dispose of our mineral assets. 

Failure
to fund cash calls . 

USARE,
as manager, will issue monthly cash calls pursuant to adopted Budgets. Both parties, as members, will have 10 days after receipt
of such a billing to meet the cash call. Failure to meet a cash call results in dilution; provided that successive failures in
the same budgetary period can result in accelerated dilution or a default loan at a default interest rate. If we become a Delinquent
Member and fail to contribute all or any portion of any additional capital contribution that we are required to contribute, then
USARE may elect to contribute the Default Amount to Round Top, or not to contribute the Default Amount to Round Top and, in both
cases, our membership interest will be recalculated. If the default by us is the second or any subsequent default during the period
of any adopted Budget, USARE may elect to contribute the Default Amount to Round Top on behalf of us and to reduce our ownership
interest by an amount (expressed as a percentage) equal to: (i) 150 ; multiplied by the Default Amount; divided
by (ii) the aggregate contributed capital of all members (determined after taking into account the contribution of the Default
Amount on behalf of us). The interest of USARE will be increased by the reduction in the interest of us. Accordingly, in the event
that the Company is unable to fund monthly cash calls pursuant to the adopted Budget, the Company s percentage membership
interest will be diluted. In accordance with the current Budget, the Company believes it has sufficient capital to fund its cash
calls during the current fiscal year. Thereafter, at some point in the future, the Company will be required to raise additional
capital to fund its cash call obligation or risk being diluted. 

22 

Involuntary
resignation as a result of dilution . 

If
the Company s ownership interest is reduced through dilution to less than 5 , we will be deemed to have resigned from Round
Top and will relinquish our ownership interest to Round Top, in exchange for the right to receive 5 of net proceeds, if any,
from the sale of products by Round Top. 

Certain
matters that require unanimous management committee approval will not be applicable if the Company s membership interest
falls below 15 in Round Top . 

Meetings
will be held every three months unless otherwise agreed. For matters before the management committee that require a vote, voting
is by simple majority except for certain major decisions that require a unanimous vote. So long as the Company maintains
a 15 or greater ownership interest, the nine decisions identified in the bullet points below require unanimous approval. If the
Company s ownership interest falls below 15 , the number of unanimous decisions is reduced to five (being the first five
bullet points below). If the Company is acquired by a REE mining company or sells its ownership interest to a REE mining company,
in each case who elects a majority of the Company s board, this unanimous approval requirement can be suspended by USARE,
at its option. The major decisions requiring unanimous approval, as set forth above, are: 

approval
of an amendment to any Budget that causes the Budget to increase by 15 or more, except for emergencies; 

other
than purchase money security interests or other security interests in Round Top equipment to finance the acquisition or lease
of Round Top equipment used in operations, the consummation of a project financing or the incurrence by Round Top of any indebtedness
for borrowed money that requires the guarantee by any member of any obligations of Round Top; 

substitution
of a member under certain circumstances and dissolution of Round Top; 

the
issuance of an ownership interest or other equity interest in Round Top, or the admission of any person as a new member of Round
Top, other than in connection with the exercise of a right of first offer by a member; 

the
redemption of all or any portion of an ownership interest, except for limited circumstances provided for in the Operating Agreement; 

a
decision to grant authorization for Round Top to file a petition for relief under any chapter of the United States Bankruptcy
Code, to consent to such relief in any involuntary petition filed against Round Top by any third party, or to admit in writing
any insolvency of Round Top or inability to pay its debts as they become due, or to consent to any receivership of Round Top; 

acquisition
or disposition of significant mineral rights, other real property or water rights outside of the area of interest as set forth
in the Operating Agreement or outside of the ordinary course of business; 

the
merger of Round Top into or with any other entity; and 

the
sale of all or substantially all of Round Top s assets. 

Risks
Associated with our Common Stock 

Investment
in our Company has a high degree of risk. Before you invest you should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described
below. If any of the following risks actually occur, our business, operating results and financial condition could be harmed and
the value of our stock could go down. 

Our
stock price is highly volatile . 

The
market price of our Common Stock has fluctuated and may continue to fluctuate. These fluctuations may be exaggerated since the
trading volume of our Common Stock is limited, sporadic, and volatile. These fluctuations may or may not be based upon any business
or operating results. Our Common Stock may experience similar or even more dramatic price and volume fluctuations in the future. 

23 

The
market for our Common Stock is limited, sporadic and volatile. Any failure to develop or maintain an active trading market could
negatively affect the value of our shares and make it difficult or impossible for you to sell your shares. 

Our
Common Stock is currently traded on the OTCQB. Although our Common Stock is traded on the OTCQB, a regular trading market for
our securities may not be sustained in the future. Quotes for stocks traded on the OTCQB generally are not listed in the financial
sections of newspapers and prices for, and coverage of, securities quoted solely on the OTCQB may be difficult to obtain. In addition,
stocks quoted solely on the OTCQB tend to have a limited number of market makers and a larger spread between the bid and ask prices
than those listed on an exchange. All of these factors may cause holders of our Common Stock to be unable to resell their securities
at any price. This limited trading also could decrease or eliminate our ability to raise additional funds through issuances of
our securities. 

Failure
to develop or maintain an active trading market could negatively affect the value of our shares and make it difficult for you
to sell your shares or recover any part of your investment in us. Even if an active market for our Common Stock does develop,
the market price of our Common Stock may be highly volatile. In addition to the uncertainties relating to our future operating
performance and any profitability of our operations, factors such as variations in our interim financial results, or various,
as yet unpredictable factors, many of which are beyond our control, may have a negative effect on the market price of our Common
Stock. Accordingly, there can be no assurance as to the liquidity of any active markets that may develop for our Common Stock,
the ability of holders of our Common Stock to sell our Common Stock, or the prices at which holders may be able to sell our Common
Stock. 

The
sale of substantial shares of our Common Stock or the issuance of shares upon exercise of our common stock equivalents will cause
immediate and substantial dilution to our existing stockholders and may depress the market price of our Common Stock . 

In
order to provide capital for the operation of our business, we may enter into additional financing arrangements. These arrangements
may involve the issuance of new Common Stock, preferred stock that is convertible into Common Stock, debt securities that are
convertible into Common Stock or warrants for the purchase of Common Stock. Any of these items could result in a material increase
in the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding which would in turn result in a dilution of the ownership interest of existing
Common Stockholders. In addition, these new securities could contain provisions, such as priorities on distributions and voting
rights, which could affect the value of our existing Common Stock. 

As
of November 19, 2021, we have 71,975,96 shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding, and 1,511,500 shares of our Common Stock
underlying common stock equivalents at exercise prices between 0.10 and 0.60 per share, expiring through August 2026. 

A
low market price may severely limit the potential market for our Common Stock. 

An
equity security that trades below a certain price per share is subject to SEC rules requiring additional disclosures by broker-dealers.
These rules generally apply to any non-Nasdaq equity security that has a market price of less than 5.00 per share, subject to
certain exceptions (a penny stock ). Such rules require the delivery, prior to any penny stock transaction, of a
disclosure schedule explaining the penny stock market and the risks associated therewith and impose various sales practice requirements
on broker-dealers who sell penny stocks to persons other than established customers and institutional or wealthy investors. For
these types of transactions, the broker-dealer must make a special suitability determination for the purchaser and have received
the purchaser s written consent to the transaction prior to the sale. The broker-dealer also must disclose the commissions
payable to the broker-dealer, current bid and offer quotations for the penny stock and, if the broker-dealer is the sole market
maker, the broker-dealer must disclose this fact and the broker-dealer s presumed control over the market. Such information
must be provided to the customer orally or in writing before or with the written confirmation of trade sent to the customer. Monthly
statements must be sent disclosing recent price information for the penny stock held in the account and information on the limited
market in penny stocks. Since our Common Stock trades at a price of less than 5.00 per share, the additional burdens imposed
upon broker-dealers by such requirements could discourage broker-dealers from effecting transactions in our Common Stock. 

We
do not currently intend to pay cash dividends. 

We
have not declared any dividends since incorporation and do not anticipate that we will do so in the foreseeable future. Our present
policy is to retain all available funds for use in our operations and the expansion of our business. Payment of future cash dividends,
if any, will be at the discretion of our Board and will depend on our financial condition, results of operations, contractual
restrictions, capital requirements, business prospects and other factors that our Board considers relevant. Accordingly, investors
will only see a return on their investment if the value of our securities appreciates. 

Control
by current stockholders. 

The
current stockholders have elected the directors and the directors have appointed current executive officers to serve our Company.
The voting power of these stockholders could also discourage others from seeking to acquire control of us through the purchase
of our Common Stock which might depress the price of our Common Stock. 

24 

There
is not now, and there may never be, an active market for our Common Stock. 

Shares
of our Common Stock have historically been thinly traded. Currently there is a limited, sporadic and highly volatile market for
our Common Stock, and no active market for our Common Stock may develop in the future. As a result, our stock price as quoted
by the OTC QB may not reflect an actual or perceived value. Moreover, several days may pass before any shares are traded; meaning
that the number of persons interested in purchasing our common shares at or near ask prices at any given time may be relatively
small or non-existent. This situation is attributable to a number of factors, including, but not limited to: 

we
 are a small company that is relatively unknown to stock analysts, stock brokers, institutional
 investors and others in the investment community that generate or influence sales volume;
 and 

stock
 analysts, stock brokers and institutional investors may be risk-averse and reluctant
 to follow a company such as ours that may in the future face substantial doubt about
 the ability to continue as a going concern or to purchase or recommend the purchase of
 our shares until such time as we become more viable. 

As
a result, an investor may find it difficult to dispose of, or to obtain accurate quotations of the price of, our Common Stock.
Accordingly, investors must assume they may have to bear the economic risk of an investment in our Common Stock for an indefinite
period of time, and may lose their entire investment. There can be no assurance that a more active market for our Common Stock
will develop, or if one should develop, there is no assurance that it will be sustained. This severely limits the liquidity of
our Common Stock and would likely have a material adverse effect on the market price of our Common Stock and on our ability to
raise additional capital. 

We
may issue shares of preferred stock . 

Our
Certificate of Incorporation authorizes the issuance of up to 10,000,000 shares of blank check preferred stock at 0.001 par value
with designations, rights and preferences determined from time to time by the board of directors. There are currently no shares
of preferred stock issued and outstanding. Our board of directors is empowered, without stockholder approval, to issue preferred
stock with dividend, liquidation, conversion, voting, or other rights which could adversely affect the voting power or other rights
of the holders of the Common Stock. In the event of issuance, the preferred stock could be utilized, under certain circumstances,
as a method of discouraging, delaying or preventing a change in control of the Company. 

25 

ITEM
1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

None. 

ITEM
2. PROPERTIES 

Executive
and Field Offices. Our headquarters are located at 539 El Paso Street, Sierra Blanca, Texas 79851. Our accounting functions
are conducted by personnel in Galveston, Texas and Denver, Colorado, all under the supervision of our chief executive officer. 

Overview
of the Round Top Project. We are currently in the exploration stage and have not established that the Round Top Project contains
proven mineral reserves or probable mineral reserves as defined under Item 1300 of Regulation S-K. 

Description
and Access 

The
Round Top Project is located in Hudspeth County approximately eight miles northwest of the town of Sierra Blanca. The property
is reached by truck on a private dirt road that turns north off Interstate 10 access road approximately one mile west of the town
of Sierra Blanca. A railroad line is located approximately one to three miles from the Round Top Project and a spur line stops
at a stone quarry within three miles of the Round Top Project. 

In
March 2013, we purchased the surface lease at the Round Top Project, known as the West Lease, from the Foundation for 500,000
and 1,063,830 shares of our Common Stock valued at 500,000. We also agreed to support the Foundation through an annual payment
of 45,000 for ten years to support conservation efforts within the Rio Grande Basin and in particular engaging in stewardship
of Lake Amistad, a large and well-known fishing lake near Del Rio, Texas. The West Lease comprises approximately 54,990 acres.
Most importantly, the purchase of the surface lease gave us unrestricted surface access for the potential development and mining
of the Round Top Project. 

Round
Top Location Map 

Acquisition
and Ownership 

August
2010 Lease 

In
September 2011, we entered into a new mining lease with the GLO covering Sections 7 and 18 of Township 7, Block 71 and Section
12 of Block 72, covering approximately 860 acres at Round Top Mountain in Hudspeth County, Texas. The mining lease issued by the
GLO gives us the right to explore, produce, develop, mine, extract, mill, remove, and market uranium, rare earth elements, all
other base and precious metals, industrial minerals and construction materials and all other minerals excluding oil, gas, coal,
lignite, sulfur, salt, and potash. The term of the lease is nineteen years from execution date of lease so long as minerals are
produced in paying quantities. 

Under
the lease, Round Top will pay the State of Texas a lease bonus of 142,518; 44,718 of which we previously paid upon the execution
of the lease, and 97,800 which will be due when we submit a supplemental plan of operations to conduct mining. Upon the sale
of minerals removed from the Round Top Project, Round Top will pay the State of Texas a 500,000 minimum advance royalty. 

26 

Thereafter,
Round Top will pay the State of Texas a production royalty equal to eight percent of the market value of uranium and other fissionable
materials removed and sold from Round Top and six and one quarter percent of the market value of all other minerals removed and
sold from the Round Top Project. 

If
paying quantities have not been obtained, Round Top may pay additional delay rental fees to extend the term of the lease for successive
one (1) year periods pursuant to the following schedule: 

Per Acre 
 Total 

Amount 
 Amount 
 
 September 2, 2015 2019 
 75 
 67,077 
 
 September 2, 2020 2024 
 150 
 134,155 
 
 September 2, 2025 2029 
 200 
 178,873 

In
August 2021, Round Top paid the State of Texas a delay rental to extend the term of the lease in an amount equal to 134,155. 

November
2011 Lease 

In
November 2011, we entered into a mining lease with the State of Texas covering approximately 90 acres contiguous with and extending
the August 2010 Lease. Under the lease, we paid the State of Texas a lease bonus of 20,700 which was paid upon the execution
of the lease. Upon the sale of minerals removed from the Round Top Project, Round Top will pay the State of Texas a 50,000 minimum
advance royalty. Thereafter, Round Top will pay the State of Texas a production royalty equal to eight percent of the market value
of uranium and other fissionable materials removed and sold from the Round Top Project and six and one quarter percent of the
market value of all other minerals sold from the Round Top Project. The term of the lease is nineteen years from execution date
of lease so long as minerals are produced in paying quantities. 

If
paying quantities have not been obtained, Round Top may pay additional delay rental fees to extend the term of the lease for successive
one (1) year periods pursuant to the following schedule: 

Per Acre 
 Total 

Amount 
 Amount 
 
 November 1, 2015 2019 
 75 
 6,750 
 
 November 1, 2020 2024 
 150 
 13,500 
 
 November 1, 2025 2029 
 200 
 18,000 

In
August 2021, Round Top paid the State of Texas a delay rental to extend the term of the lease in an amount equal to 13,500. 

March
2013 Lease 

In
March 2013, we purchased the surface lease at the Round Top Project, known as the West Ranch, from the Foundation for 500,000
cash and 1,063,830 shares of our Common Stock valued at 500,000. We also agreed to support the Foundation through an annual payment
of 45,000 for ten years to support conservation efforts within the Rio Grande Basin and in particular engaging in stewardship
of Lake Amistad, a large and well-known fishing lake near Del Rio, Texas. The West Lease comprises approximately 54,990 acres.
The purchase of the surface lease provided unrestricted surface access for the potential development and mining of the Round Top
Project. 

October
2014 Surface Option and Water Lease 

In
October 2014, we announced that we had executed agreements with the GLO securing the option to purchase the surface rights covering
the potential Round Top Project mine and plant areas and, separately, a lease to develop the water necessary for the potential
Round Top Project mine operations. The option to purchase the surface rights covers approximately 5,670 acres over the mining
lease and the additional acreage adequate to site all potential heap leaching and processing operations as currently anticipated
by the Company. Round Top may exercise the option for all or part of the option acreage at any time during the sixteen year primary
term of the mineral lease. The option can be kept current by an annual payment of 10,000. The purchase price will be the appraised
value of the surface at the time of exercising the option. 

The
ground water lease secures the right to develop the ground water within a 13,120 acre lease area located approximately 4 miles
from the Round Top deposit. The lease area contains five existing water wells. It is anticipated, but cannot be assured, that
all potential water needs for the Round Top Project will be satisfied by the existing wells covered by this water lease. This
lease has an annual minimum production payment of 5,000 prior to production of water for the operation. After initiation of production
Round Top will pay 0.95 per thousand gallons or 20,000 annually, whichever is greater. This lease remains effective as long
as the mineral lease is in effect. 

27 

March
2021 Purchased the South of Section 45, Block 71, Township 6, T P RR Survey 

This
 Section comprising 320 acres more or less was purchased for a price of 400 per acre, or a total of approximately 128,000.
This tract was purchased for siting the demonstration plant when it is relocated from its present location at Wheatridge Colo.
This tract is contiguous with the Surface Option area. 

May
2021 Easements 

On
May 7, 2021, we purchased a road, water line and power line easement extending slightly over a mile from the western boundary
of the Water lease to the southeastern corner of the Section 45 tract. These easements complete the arrangements for the main
access road from State Highway 111, across the Water Lease and into the Surface Option area. 

Existing
Infrastructure 

The
Round Top Project rare earth prospect was initially developed in the late 1980s. As a result, several pieces of equipment were
present at the property when we acquired the lease, some of which we have repaired as described below. The previous operators
had also built out several roads at the prospect site, which we believe are suitable for our current exploration plans. 

There
exists on the Round Top site a 1,115 foot, 10 foot by 10 foot decline from the surface into the Round Top prospect. There are
steel sets every five feet, in some cases less, and the entire working is lagged with timber. There are escape holes 
at intervals to allow personnel to avoid equipment. The escape holes are all believed to be in good operating condition. There
is also a 36 foot steel ventilation line in place that runs for approximately 75 feet into the prospect. There is a 125 hp axial
plane ventilation fan in place. We have leveled the fan and rehabilitated the control panel, and have operated this ventilation
system during the evaluation of the historic Cabot-Cyprus work. Round Top intends to install a soft start motor
starter switch for the vent fan in the future in order to be able to use a 100kw generator. 

A
bag house is also located on the property that will need its electronic controls rehabilitated and modernized and filters installed.
There is a 6 Victaulic compressed air line extending from the compressor station outside to the faces. There are numerous
valves at strategic locations underground. There is one 2 steel Victaulic water line for drill water and an additional
partly plastic Victaulic water line for dust suppression sprayers, which also has sprayers in place. 

There
is electric cable from the portal to the face and a switch box underground. Some additional switching gear will need to be installed
at the portal. The mine portal has a sturdy locking steel door in place that we have reconditioned. 

There
is a 500 barrel (23,000 gal) water tank below the mine dump for water to be hauled in and stored. This tank appears to be in good
shape. The water line from the tank to the mine portal is missing and will have to be replaced. The water system will need a submersible
pump, switching gear and approximately 1000 ft of 2 poly line to render the water system serviceable. 

The
nearest population center to the Round Top Project is Sierra Blanca, Texas. The town of Sierra Blanca is approximately six miles
to the southeast of the Round Top Project site. Skilled mining labor and support could be found in El Paso, approximately 85 miles
to the northeast. 

A
major rail line parallels Interstate 10 approximately three to four miles west and south of the mine site. Approximately three
miles from the Project site is a commercial rock quarry in operation which produces ballast for the railroad. The rock quarry
operation has a rail road spur which is approximately two to three miles from the project. 

Power
is currently supplied to Sierra Blanca through El Paso Electric Services. El Paso Electric Services has approximately 1,643 megawatts
of generating capacity. As the greater power needs of a floatation operation have been eliminated by the proposed heap leach mine
plan the existing 69 kV is thought to be adequate to supply the envisioned heap leach operation. 

Water
for the project may be obtained from a well field approximately 3 miles east of the mine site. In October 2014, we executed a
lease with the GLO to develop the water necessary for the potential Round Top Project mine operations. The ground water lease
secures the right to develop the ground water within a 13,120 acre lease area located approximately 4 miles from the Round Top
deposit. The lease area contains five existing water wells. It is anticipated, but not assured, that all potential water needs
for the Round Top Project mine operations would be satisfied by the existing wells covered by this water lease. 

This
well field was originally developed to supply water for a proposed real estate project in the late 1970 s. One of the existing
wells is reported to have pump tested 950 gallons per minute and another 450 gallons per minute. This water is high enough in
total dissolved solids to not meet drinking water standards, thus there is no competition for its use. The quality of the water
is believed to be adequate for process water needs and the water will require treatment to be potable. 

28 

Geology 

The
Round Top Project area lies within the Texas Lineament Zone or Trans-Pecos Trend. The lineament is a northwest trending structural
zone where Laramide thrust faulting followed by basin and range normal faulting were active. Tertiary igneous activity is also
associated with the lineament zone, both intrusive and extrusive. 

Locally
the project area is characterized by five Tertiary microgranite bodies that intruded Cretaceous sedimentary rocks. The microgranites
occur as laccoliths, mushroom-shaped bodies emplaced at relatively shallow depths. At the current erosional levels, laccoliths
form resistant peaks with relief up to 2,000 feet. The microgranites, which are called rhyolites in the literature, are enriched
with various metals which may or may not be economical to recover. The rare earth elements are located within the intrusive rhyolite
body. 

Tertiary
diorite which predates the microgranites are intruded in the cretaceous section. The diorites occur as sills, five to 100 feet
thick and less frequently as dikes and plugs. Sedimentary rocks exposed in the area are middle to upper Cretaceous limestone shales
and sandstones. The limestone, where it is in contact with the microgranites, is the host for mineralization. 

The
Round Top Project was initially developed in the late 1980 s. During the course of this exploration, approximately 200 drill
holes penetrated varying thicknesses of the rhyolite volcanic rock that makes up the mass of Round Top Mountain. 

The
Texas Bureau of Economic Geology, working with the project geologists, conducted an investigation of the rhyolite to better understand
its rare metal content. This research shows that the rhyolite laccoliths at Sierra Blanca are enriched in a variety of REEs such
as tantalum, niobium, thorium and lithium. They analyzed a series of samples from outcrop and drill holes and studied the geochemistry
and mineralogy of the rhyolite. The results of their research were published in the GSA, Geological Society of America, Special
Paper 246, 1990. 

Mineralization 

Round
Top rhyolite is enriched in HREEs. Statistical review of the current data shows that an estimated 70 of the total REE s
grade being HREEs. REE mineralization occurs primarily as disseminated microcrystals of varieties of fluorite (such as yttrium-rich
yttrofluorite) where HREEs have substituted for calcium, and as other REE-bearing accessory minerals. REE minerals occur mainly
in vugs and as crystal coatings, suggesting late-stage crystallization from an incompatible element-rich fluid. 

The
Round Top rhyolite was divided into five different alteration phases based on the intensity of hematitic and hydrothermal alteration:
red rhyolite, pink rhyolite, tan rhyolite; brown rhyolite and gray rhyolite. Hematitic alteration is a replacement of the magnetite
by hematite and gives the rhyolite a red to pink color. Hydrothermal alteration was late and gives the rhyolite a tan to brown
color. Mostly unaltered, gray rhyolite was also documented. 

Project
Exploration History 

The
Round Top rare earths were initially drilled in 1984 and 1985, during which time the ore body known as the West End Ore
Zone was discovered by Cabot Corporation. In subsequent years, Cyprus Minerals Corporation took over the exploration activities.
Cyprus drilled additional exploration holes and also put an adit into the ore zone where 1,115 feet of underground workings were
driven. Cyprus developed the underground workings in order to obtain bulk samples for pilot plant testing. Cyprus ultimately put
the project on hold. Cyprus eventually allowed the lease with the State of Texas to lapse. 

ITEM
3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

None. 

ITEM
4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Pursuant
to Section 1503(a) of the recently enacted Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (The Dodd-Frank Act ),
issuers that are operators, or that have a subsidiary that is an operator, of a coal or other mine in the United States are required
to disclose in their periodic reports filed with the SEC information regarding specified health and safety violations, orders
and citations, related assessments and legal actions, and mining-related fatalities. During the fiscal year ended August
31, 2021, our U.S. exploration properties were not subject to regulation by the Federal Mine Safety and Health Administration MSHA under the Federal Mine Safety and Health Act of 1977 (the Mine Act ). 

29 

PART
II 

ITEM 5. 
 
 MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Market
Information 

Our
Common Stock is listed for quotation on the OTC QB operated by OTC Markets Group Inc. under the symbol TMRC. The
market for our Common Stock on the OTC QB is limited, sporadic and highly volatile. The quotations reflect inter-dealer prices
without retail mark-up, mark-down or commission and may not represent actual transactions. The following table sets forth the
range of high and low bid prices during the periods indicated. 

Fiscal Year 2021 
 High 
 Low 
 
 Quarter ended August 31, 2021 
 2.33 
 1.45 
 
 Quarter ended May 31, 2021 
 4.35 
 2.00 
 
 Quarter ended February 28, 2021 
 4.70 
 1.35 
 
 Quarter ended November 30, 2020 
 1.70 
 1.20 

Fiscal Year 2020 
 High 
 Low 
 
 Quarter ended August 31, 2020 
 2.55 
 1.23 
 
 Quarter ended May 31, 2020 
 1.92 
 0.45 
 
 Quarter ended February 28, 2020 
 1.48 
 0.27 
 
 Quarter ended November 30, 2019 
 0.42 
 0.24 

The
last bid price of our Common Stock on November 19, 2021 was 1.85 per share. 

Holders 

The
approximate number of holders of record of our Common Stock as of November 19, 2021 was 546. 

Dividends 

We
have not paid any cash dividends on our equity securities and our Board has no present intention of declaring any cash dividends.
We are not prohibited from paying any dividends pursuant to any agreement or contract. 

Securities
Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans 

We
have adopted a stock option plan, approved by our shareholders. As of August 31, 2021, a total of 9,000,000 shares of our Common
Stock have been reserved for issuances under our plan, with 5,765,000 shares being reserved for future issuance. 

The
following table sets forth certain information as of August 31, 2021 concerning our Common Stock that may be issued upon the exercise
of options or warrants or pursuant to purchases of stock under the Amended 2008 Plan: 

Plan Category 
 (a) Number
of Securities
to be Issued
Upon the
Exercise of
Outstanding Options 
 (b) Weighted- Average Exercise
Price of Outstanding Options 
 (c) Available
for Future Issuance
Under Equity Compensation Plans (Excluding Securities Reflected
in Column
(a)) 
 
 Equity compensation plans approved by stockholders 
 990,000 
 0.39 
 5,765,000 
 
 Nonplan equity compensation 
 487,500 
 0.43 

Total 
 1,477,500 
 0.40 
 5,765,000 

30 

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities During Fiscal 2021 

Except
as set forth below, all unregistered sales of equity securities during the period covered by the Annual Report were previously
disclosed in our current reports on Form 8-K or quarterly reports on Form 10-Q. 

Date 
 Description 
 Number 
 Purchaser 
 Proceeds 
 ) 
 Consideration 
 Exemption 
 (C) 
 
 June
 2021 
 Common
 Stock 
 30,037(A) 
 Directors 
 Nil 
 Services 
 Sec.
 4(a)(2) 
 
 June
 2021 
 Common
 Stock Options 
 43,500(B) 
 Consultant 
 Nil 
 Services 
 Sec.
 4(a)(2) 

(A) 
 Common
 Stock issued for Board of Director s services. 
 
 (B) 
 Common
 Stock Options issued pursuant to a consulting agreement for professional services. 
 
 (C) 
 With
 respect to sales designated by Sec. 4(a)(2), these shares were issued pursuant to the exemption from registration
 contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act as privately negotiated, isolated, non-recurring transactions not involving
 any public offer or solicitation. Each purchaser represented that such purchaser s intention to acquire the shares for
 investment only and not with a view toward distribution. None of the securities were sold through an underwriter and accordingly,
 there were no underwriting discounts or commissions involved. 

ITEM
6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 

Not
applicable. 

ITEM
7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

You
should read the following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations together with our financial
statements and related notes appearing elsewhere in this Annual Report. This discussion and analysis contains forward-looking
statements that involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions. See Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements. 
Our actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of many factors,
including, but not limited to, those set forth under Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Annual Report. 

Overview 

We
are a mining company engaged in the business of the acquisition, exploration and development of mineral properties. We currently
own a 20 membership interest in Round Top, which entity holds two mineral property leases with the GLO to explore and develop
a 950-acre rare earths project located in Hudspeth County, Texas, known as the Round Top Project. The leases, originally signed
with primary terms of approximately 19 and 18 years, each currently have remaining terms of approximately nine years and provisions
for automatic renewal if Round Top is in production. Round Top also holds prospecting permits covering 9,345 acres adjacent to
the Round Top Project. The strategy with Round Top is to develop a metallurgical process to concentrate or otherwise extract the
metals from the Round Top Project s rhyolite, conduct additional engineering, design, geotechnical work, and permitting
necessary for a bankable feasibility study and then to extract mineral resources from the Round Top Project. The Round Top Project
has not established as of the date hereof that any of the properties contain any probable mineral reserves or proven mineral reserves
under Item 1300 of Regulation S-K. 

Rare
earth elements are a group of chemically similar elements that usually are found together in nature they are referred
to as the lanthanide series. These individual elements have a variety of characteristics that are critical in a
wide range of technologies, products, and applications and are critical inputs in existing and emerging applications. Without
these elements, multiple high-tech technologies would not be possible. These technologies include: 

cell
phones, 

computer
and television screens, 

battery
operated vehicles, 

clean
energy technologies, such as hybrid and electric vehicles and wind power turbines, 

fiber
optics, lasers and hard disk drives, 

31 

numerous
defense applications, such as guidance and control systems and global positioning systems, 

advanced
water treatment technology for use in industrial, military and 

outdoor
recreation applications 

Because
of these applications, global demand for REE is projected to steadily increase due to continuing growth in existing applications
and increased innovation and development of new end uses. Interest in developing resources domestically has become a strategic
necessity as there is limited production of these elements outside of China. Our ability to raise additional funds to continue
to fund our participation interest in the Round Top Project may be impacted by future prices for REEs. 

History
of the Round Top Project 

In
March 2013, we purchased the 54,990 acre surface lease covering the Round Top Project, known as the West Lease, from the Southwest
Wildlife and Range Foundation Foundation for 500,000 and the issuance of 1,063,830 shares of our Common Stock.
We also agreed to support the Foundation through an annual payment of 45,000 for ten years to support conservation efforts within
the Rio Grande Basin and in particular engaging in stewardship of Lake Amistad, a large and well-known fishing lake near Del Rio,
Texas. The West Lease provides exclusive surface access to the area for the potential development and mining of the Round Top
Project. 

In
October 2014, we executed agreements with the GLO securing the option to purchase the surface rights covering the Round Top Project
mine and plant areas and, separately, a lease to develop the water necessary for the potential Round Top Project mine operations.
The option to purchase the surface rights covers approximately 5,670 acres over the mining lease and the additional acreage adequate
to site all potential heap leaching and processing operations as currently anticipated by the Company. The option may be exercised
for all or part of the option acreage at any time during the primary term of the mineral lease as defined above. The primary
term of the GLO mineral leases and the option is through August 2030. The option can be kept current by an annual payment
of 10,000. The purchase price will be the appraised value of the surface at the time of exercising the option. The ground water
lease secures the right to develop the ground water within a 13,120-acre lease area located approximately 4 miles from the Round
Top Project. The lease area contains five existing water wells. It is anticipated that all potential water needs for the Round
Top Project mine operations will be satisfied by the existing wells covered by this water lease. This lease has an annual minimum
production payment of 5,000 prior to production of water for the operation. After initiation of production payments of 0.95
per thousand gallons or 20,000 annually, whichever is greater, is required. This lease remains effective as long as the mineral
lease is in effect. 

In
March 2015, we conducted a trial mining test during which we mined 500 tonnes of rhyolite, transported and crushed the ore to
80 passing an approximate one-inch screen. This rock is now stockpiled and is expected to be used in the contemplated pilot plant
development. 

In
April 2015, we announced the execution of a uranium offtake agreement with UG USA, a subsidiary of Areva, now called Orano, According
to the agreement, TMRC will supply up to 300,000 pounds of natural uranium concentrates (U308) per year based upon a pricing formula
indexed to U308 spot prices at the times of delivery. The agreement is for a term of five years commencing in 2018 or as soon
thereafter, contingent upon development and
production at its Round Top Project, and contains other industry standard terms and conditions. 

During
2017, TMRC in association with Penn State University, REE Tech and Inventure Renewables of Tuscaloosa, Alabama, jointly applied
for a Department of Energy grant to evaluate the economic potential of rare earth elements associated with Appalachian coal deposits.
Our group was awarded the first phase of this grant in October 2017. Work in progress consists of our identification of a resource,
developing the physical metallurgy to concentrate the minerals (Penn State) and developing the CIX/CIC process to separate the
individual rare earth elements and to separate and refine various other elements including iron and aluminum. In August 2019,
we published a PEA prepared in accordance with Canadian NI 43-101 specifications. The PEA calls for a 20,000 tonnes per day heap
leach operation producing three basic revenue streams: (i) a REE stream, (ii) a tech metal stream that includes lithium and uranium,
and (iii) a variety of industrial and fertilizer sulfate products. 

As
a part of our ongoing operations, we will occasionally investigate new mining opportunities. We may also incur expenses associated
with our investigations. These costs are expensed as incurred until such time when we have agreements in place to purchase such
mining rights. 

32 

Investment
Company Act Exclusion 

Section
3(a)(9) of the 1940 Act provides that a company substantially all of whose business consists of owning or holding oil,
gas, or other mineral royalties or leases, or fractional interests therein, or certificates of interest or participation in or
investment contracts relative to such royalties, leases, or fractional interests is not an investment company within the
meaning of the 1940 Act. The Company has determined that this exemption applies to it giving consideration to the following four
factors: 

the
exempted activity (ownership of our certificate of interest in the underlying mineral leases) constitutes substantially
all of our business; 

we
own, and do not trade, in the certificate of interest in the mineral leases or the underlying mineral leases; 

mineral
leases qualify as an eligible asset for purposes of the exception; and 

a
membership interest in a limited liability company constitutes a certificate of interest or participation in or
an investment contract relative to the eligible assets. 

The
Company intends to continue to conduct its business operations in order to continue to be excluded from the definition of an investment
company under the 1940 Act. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

At
August 31, 2021, our accumulated deficit was approximately 36,848,000 and our cash position was approximately 5,107,000. We
had a working capital surplus of approximately 4,978,000. Round Top has not commenced commercial production on the Round Top
Project. We have no revenues from operations and anticipate we will have no operating revenues until we place one or more of our
properties into production. All properties are in the exploration stage. 

During
the fiscal year ending August 31, 2021, we expended approximately 220,000 in certain metallurgical activities. Currently all
expenditures for metallurgical activities are funded by Round Top, being USARE and us. 

During
the current fiscal year, Round Top is expected to fund the expenditure of approximately 20 million to optimize the leaching and
developing of the CIX/CIC processing of the Round Top Project. Initial process design work will be carried out at USARE s
facility in Wheat Ridge, Colorado. Pending completion of the initial process development, this facility will either be relocated
to or replicated at the Round Top Project where a pilot plant is expected to be established. This work will consist of mining
and crushing approximately 40,000 tonnes of rhyolite and setting up and equipping a facility to conduct pilot plant scale heap
leaching. It is estimated that the Round Top Project will require additional time and further expenditure to complete a bankable
feasibility study. We plan to fund up to approximately 3.5 million of the expected expenditures by Round Top during our current
fiscal year. 

We
have sufficient cash on hand to fund our portion of the Round Top Budget during our current fiscal year. Thereafter, we will need
to raise additional funding to implement our business strategy and to continue to fund our portion of the Round Top Budget, the
failure of which could cause us to curtail or cease our operations. The most likely source of future financing presently available
to us is through the sale of our securities. Any sale of our shares of Common Stock will result in dilution of equity ownership
to existing stockholders. This means that if we sell shares of Common Stock, more shares will be outstanding and each existing
stockholder will own a smaller percentage of the shares then outstanding. Alternatively, we may rely on debt financing and assume
debt obligations that require us to make substantial interest and capital payments. Also, we may issue or grant warrants or options
in the future pursuant to which additional shares of Common Stock may be issued. Exercise of such warrants or options will result
in dilution of equity ownership to our existing stockholders. 

Results
of Operations 

Fiscal
Years ended August 31, 2021 and 2020 

Grant
Income 

Grants
received from government and other agencies in advance of a specific project s expenses are deferred and recognized as other
income in the statements of operations in the period they are earned and the related project costs are incurred. For the years
ended August 31, 2021 and 2020, we recognized 712,000 and 0, respectively, of grant income which is presented in other income
net of grant related expenses totaling approximately 438,000 and 0, respectively. 

Revenue 

During
the fiscal year ended August 31, 2021 and 2020, we had no revenues. For the fiscal year ended August 31, 2021, our net income
was approximately 2,044,000. We are not currently profitable. As a result of ongoing operating losses, we had an accumulated
deficit of approximately 36,848,000 as of August 31, 2021. 

Operating
expenses and resulting losses from operations . 

We
incurred exploration costs for the fiscal years ended August 31, 2021 and 2020, in the amount of approximately 220,000 and 18,000,
respectively. Expenditures during fiscal year 2021 and 2020 were primarily for our mining leases and metallurgical testing. Currently
expenditures for most metallurgical activities are funded by our joint venture partner, USARE. 

33 

Our
general and administrative expenses for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2021 were approximately 1,343,000 of which approximately
 880,000 were stock compensation for services. The remaining expenditures were primarily for payroll, professional fees and other
general administrative expenses necessary for our operations. 

Our
general and administrative expenses for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2020 were approximately 1,056,000 of which approximately
 157,000 were stock compensation for services. The remaining expenditures were primarily for payroll, professional fees and other
general administrative expenses necessary for our operations. 

We
had losses from operations for the fiscal years ended August 31, 2021 and 2020 totaling approximately 1,563,000 and 1,074,000,
respectively, and net income for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2021 totaling approximately 2,044,000 and a net loss for the
fiscal year ended August 31, 2020 totaling approximately 1,141,000. We earned interest from our cash balances of approximately
 6,000 for both of the years ended August 31, 2021 and 2020. We had interest expense for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2020
of approximately 7,000, primarily for interest on credit cards. 

In
May 2021, USARE met its obligations under the Option Agreement and acquired a 70 interest in Round Top. In addition, USARE exercised
its option to acquire an additional 10 interest in Round Top for 3 million. In connection with this transaction, the Company
received total consideration of approximately 3,728,000, consisting of the 3 million upon exercise of the option and approximately
 728,000 in previous advances from USARE, and derecognized 80 of the carrying amount of mineral properties, or approximately
 402,000. The resulting gain on sale of interest in mineral properties in the amount of approximately 3,327,000 is included as
its own line item in other income (expense). 

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements 

For
the fiscal years ended August 31, 2021 and 2020, we have off-balance sheet arrangements for annual payments in relation to the
mineral leases as disclosed in Note 5 of the notes to financial statements. 

Recently
Issued Accounting Pronouncements 

The
Company does not expect the adoption of recently issued accounting pronouncements to have a significant impact on our results
of operations, financial position, or cash flow. 

Critical
Accounting Estimates 

Management s
discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations is based on our financial statements, which have been
prepared in accordance with GAAP. Preparation of financial statements requires management to make assumptions, estimates and judgments
that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, costs and expenses, and the related disclosures of contingencies.
Management bases its estimates on various assumptions and historical experience, which are believed to be reasonable; however,
due to the inherent nature of estimates, actual results may differ significantly due to changed conditions or assumptions. On
a regular basis, management reviews the accounting policies, assumptions, estimates and judgments to ensure that our financial
statements are fairly presented in accordance with GAAP. However, because future events and their effects cannot be determined
with certainty, actual results could differ from our assumptions and estimates, and such differences could be material. Management
believes that the following critical accounting estimates and judgments have a significant impact on our financial statements;
Valuation of options granted to directors and officers using the Black-Scholes model, and fair value of mineral properties. The
accounting policies are described in greater detail in Note 2 to our audited financial statements for the fiscal year ended August
31, 2021. 

ITEM
7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

Not
applicable. 

34 

ITEM
8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Shareholders and Board of Directors of 

 Texas
Mineral Resources Corp. 

 Sierra
Blanca, Texas 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Texas Mineral Resources Corp. (the Company) as of August 31, 2021
and 2020, and the related consolidated statements of operations, shareholders equity (deficit), and cash flows for each
of the years in the two-year period ended August 31, 2021, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated
financial statements). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial
position of the Company as of August 31, 2021 and 2020, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years
in the two-year period ended August 31, 2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
of America. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on
the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company
Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance
with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the
PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit
to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error
or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial
reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but
not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting.
Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to
error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence
regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles
used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements.
We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical
Audit Matters 

Critical
audit matters are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required
to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements
and (2) represented especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgements. We determined that there are no critical audit
matters. 

/S/
HAM, LANGSTON BREZINA, L.L.P. 

We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2019. 

Houston,
Texas 

 November___
, 2021 

F- 1 

Texas Mineral Resources Corp. 

 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

 August 31, 2021 and 2020 

2021 
 2020 
 
 ASSETS 

CURRENT ASSETS 

Cash and cash equivalents 
 5,106,653 
 2,746,451 
 
 Prepaid expenses and other current assets 
 73,029 
 183,199 

Total current assets 
 5,179,682 
 2,929,650 

Property and equipment, net 
 30,834 

Mineral properties, net 
 181,755 
 354,234 
 
 Deposit 
 12,620 
 7,500 

TOTAL ASSETS 
 5,404,891 
 3,291,384 

LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 

CURRENT LIABILITIES 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 
 191,394 
 502,427 
 
 Advances from related party 
 10,000 
 591,401 

Total current liabilities 
 201,394 
 1,093,828 

COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES 

SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 

Preferred stock, par value 0.001; 10,000,000 shares authorized, no shares issued and outstanding 

Common stock, par value 0.01; 100,000,000 shares authorized, 71,934,065 and 71,323,278 shares issued and outstanding as of August 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively 
 719,341 
 713,233 
 
 Additional paid-in capital 
 41,332,478 
 40,376,847 
 
 Accumulated deficit 
 (36,848,322 
 (38,892,524 

Total shareholders equity 
 5,203,497 
 2,197,556 

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 
 5,404,891 
 3,291,384 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 2 

Texas Mineral Resources Corp. 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

 For the Years Ended August 31, 2021 and 2020 

2021 
 2020 
 
 OPERATING EXPENSES 

Exploration costs 
 220,051 
 18,181 
 
 General and administrative 
 1,342,805 
 1,055,881 

Total operating expenses 
 1,562,856 
 1,074,062 

LOSS FROM OPERATIONS 
 (1,562,856 
 (1,074,062 

OTHER INCOME (EXPENSE) 

Loss on settlement of accrued liabilities 
 
 (66,335 
 
 Gain on sale of assets 
 3,326,899 

Grant income, net of related expenses 
 274,072 

Interest and other income 
 6,088 
 6,582 
 
 Interest and other expense 
 
 (7,014 

Total other income (expense) 
 3,607,059 
 (66,767 

NET INCOME (LOSS) 
 2,044,202 
 (1,140,829 

Net income (loss) per common share 

Basic 
 0.03 
 (0.02 

Diluted 
 0.03 
 (0.02 

Weighted average shares outstanding 

Basic 
 71,651,114 
 61,201,735 

Diluted 
 72,862,214 
 61,201,735 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 3 

Texas Mineral Resources Corp. 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

 For the Years Ended August 31, 2021 and 2020 

2021 
 2020 
 
 CASH
 FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

Net income
 (loss) 
 2,044,202 
 (1,140,829 
 
 Adjustments
 to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash used in operating activities: 

Depreciation
 and amortization expense 
 4,072 

Stock
 based compensation 
 880,439 
 232,386 
 
 Loss
 on settlement of accrued liabilities 
 
 66,335 
 
 Gain
 on sale of mineral properties 
 (3,326,899 

Changes
 in operating assets and liabilities: 

Prepaid
 expenses and other assets 
 110,170 
 (186,249 
 
 Accounts
 payable and accrued liabilities 
 (311,033 
 (570,643 

Net
 cash used in operating activities 
 (599,049 
 (1,599,000 

CASH
 FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES 

Payments for deposits 
 (5,120 

Purchases of property
 and equipment 
 (34,906 

Purchases of mineral
 properties 
 (229,849 

Proceeds
 from sale of interest in mineral properties 
 3,000,000 

Net
 cash provided by investing activities 
 2,730,125 

CASH
 FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

Payment on note payable 
 
 (123,542 
 
 Advances from related
 party 
 147,826 
 400,947 
 
 Proceeds from sale
 of common stock, net 
 
 280,000 
 
 Payment
 from exercise of common stock options and warrants 
 81,300 
 1,963,500 

Net
 cash provided by financing activities 
 229,126 
 2,520,905 

NET
 CHANGE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS 
 2,360,202 
 921,905 

CASH
 AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT BEGINNING OF PERIOD 
 2,746,451 
 1,824,546 

CASH
 AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT END OF PERIOD 
 5,106,653 
 2,746,451 

SUPPLEMENTAL
 DISCLOSURE OF CASH FLOWS INFORMATION: 

Cash
 paid for interest expense 

Cash
 paid for income taxes 

NON-CASH
 INVESTING AND FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Common
 stock issued as payment of accrued expenses 
 92,500 
 45,000 

Advances
 from related parties applied to consideration in sale of interest in mineral properties 
 729,227 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

Texas Mineral Resources Corp. 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

 For the Years Ended August 31, 2021 and 2020 

Additional 

Preferred
 Stock 
 Common
 Stock 
 Paid-in 
 Accumulated 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Total 
 
 Balance
 at August 31, 2019 

56,204,994 
 562,050 
 37,940,809 
 (37,751,695 
 751,164 

Common
 stock issued for services 

101,015 
 1,010 
 156,579 
 
 157,529 
 
 Common
 stock issued for cash 

800,000 
 8,000 
 272,000 
 
 280,000 
 
 Common
 stock issued to settle accrued compensation 

130,892 
 1,309 
 110,026 
 
 111,335 
 
 Options
 issued for services 

74,857 
 
 74,857 
 
 Common
 stock issued upon exercise of options and warrants 

5,620,000 
 56,200 
 1,907,300 
 
 1,963,500 
 
 Common
 stock issued upon cashless exercise of options and warrants 

8,466,377 
 84,664 
 (84,664 

Net
 loss 

(1,140,829 
 (1,140,829 

Balance
 at August 31, 2020 

71,323,278 
 713,233 
 40,376,847 
 (38,892,524 
 2,197,556 

Stock
 based compensation 

83,345 
 834 
 787,105 
 
 787,939 
 
 Common
 stock issued as payment of accrued director s fees 

61,936 
 619 
 91,881 
 
 92,500 
 
 Common
 stock issued upon exercise of options and warrants 

296,000 
 2,960 
 78,340 
 
 81,300 
 
 Common
 stock issued upon cashless exercise of options and warrants 

169,506 
 1,695 
 (1,695 

Net
 loss 

2,044,202 
 2,044,202 

Balance
 at August 31, 2021 

71,934,065 
 719,341 
 41,332,478 
 (36,848,322 
 5,203, 497 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

TEXAS
MINERAL RESOURCES CORP. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 AUGUST
31, 2021 AND 2020 

NOTE
1 ORGANIZATION AND NATURE OF BUSINESS 

Texas
Mineral Resources Corp. (the Company was incorporated in the State of Nevada in 1970 as Standard Silver Corporation.
In 2010, the Company changed its name from Standard Silver Corporation to Texas Rare Earth Resources Corp .
In 2012, the Company changed its state of incorporation from Nevada to Delaware under a plan of conversion dated August 24, 2012.
In 2016, the Company changed its name to Texas Mineral Resources Corp. 

We
are a mining company engaged in the business of the acquisition, exploration and development of mineral properties. We currently
own a 20 membership interest in Round Top Mountain Development Company, LLC Round Top ), a Delaware limited liability
Company, which entity holds two mineral property leases with the GLO to explore and develop a 950-acre rare earths project located
in Hudspeth County, Texas, known as the Round Top Project. The leases, originally signed with primary terms of approximately 19
and 18 years, each currently have remaining terms of approximately nine years and provisions for automatic renewal if Round Top
is in production. Round Top also holds prospecting permits covering 9,345 acres adjacent to the Round Top Project. The strategy
with Round Top is to develop a metallurgical process to concentrate or otherwise extract the metals from the Round Top Project s
rhyolite, conduct additional engineering, design, geotechnical work, and permitting necessary for a bankable feasibility study
and then to extract mineral resources from the Round Top Project. The Round Top Project has not established as of the date hereof
that any of the properties contain any probable mineral reserves or proven mineral reserves under Item 1300 of Regulation S-K Item 1300 ). 

NOTE
2 SUMMARY OF ACCOUNTING POLICIES 

Exploration-Stage
Company 

Since
January 1, 2009, the Company has been classified as an exploration stage company for purposes of Item 1300 of the
U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). Under Item 1300, companies engaged in significant mining operations
are classified into three categories, referred to as stages - exploration, development, and production. Exploration
stage includes all companies that do not have established reserves in accordance with Item 1300. Such companies are deemed to
be in the search for mineral deposits. Notwithstanding the nature and extent of development-type or production-type
activities that have been undertaken or completed, a company cannot be classified as a development or production stage company
unless it has established reserves in accordance with Item 1300. 

Basis
of Presentation 

The
Company s financial records are maintained on the accrual basis of accounting in accordance with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America US GAAP ). 

Principles
of Consolidation 

The
consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Texas Mineral Resources Corp and its proportionate interest in the assets,
liabilities, and operations of Round Top. All significant intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated. 

COVID-19
Risks and Uncertainties 

In
March 2020, the World Health Organization declared the novel strain of coronavirus, COVID-19, a global pandemic and recommended
containment and mitigation measures worldwide. Although COVID-19 has not had a significant impact on the Company s operating
results in fiscal years 2021 and 2020, management continues to monitor its impact. The Company is unable to predict the future
impact that COVID-19 will have on its future financial position and operating results due to numerous uncertainties, including
the duration and severity of the outbreak. 

Cash
and Cash Equivalents 

The
Company considers all highly liquid investments with an original maturity of three months or less when purchased to be cash equivalents.
Cash and cash equivalents currently consist only of demand deposits at commercial banks. The Company maintains cash and cash equivalents
at banks selected by management based upon their assessment of the financial stability of the institution. Balances periodically
exceed the federal depository insurance limit; however, the Company has not experienced any losses on deposits. 

F- 6 

TEXAS
MINERAL RESOURCES CORP. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 AUGUST
31, 2021 AND 2020 

NOTE
2 SUMMARY OF ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 

Property
and Equipment 

Property
and equipment consist primarily of vehicles, furniture and equipment, and are recorded at cost. Expenditures related to acquiring
or extending the useful life of property and equipment are capitalized. Expenditures for repair and maintenance are charged to
operations as incurred. Depreciation is computed using the straight-line method over an estimated useful life of 3-20 years. 

Lease
Deposits 

From
time to time, the Company makes deposits in anticipation of executing leases. The deposits are capitalized upon execution of the
applicable agreements. 

Long-lived
Assets 

The
Company reviews the recoverability of long-lived assets whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying
amount of an asset may not be recoverable through operations. To determine if these costs are in excess of their recoverable amount,
periodic evaluation of carrying value of capitalized costs and any related property and equipment costs are based upon expected
future cash flows and/or estimated salvage value in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC 360 ), Property, Plant and Equipment. The Company s assets susceptible
to impairment analysis are the mineral properties described in Note 5. 

Revenue
Recognition 

The
Company s revenue recognition policies are established in accordance with the Revenue Recognition topics of ASC 606, and
accordingly, revenue is recognized when control of the promised goods or services is transferred to customers, in an amount that
reflects the consideration the Company expects to be entitled to in exchange for those goods or services. 

Mineral
Exploration and Development Costs 

All
exploration expenditures are expensed as incurred. Costs of acquisition and option costs of mineral rights are capitalized upon
acquisition. Costs incurred to maintain current production or to maintain assets on a standby basis are charged to operations.
If the Company does not continue with exploration after the completion of the feasibility study, the mineral rights will be expensed
at that time. Costs of abandoned projects are charged to mining costs including related property and equipment costs. To determine
if these costs are in excess of their recoverable amount, periodic evaluation of carrying value of capitalized costs and any related
property and equipment costs are based upon expected future cash flows and/or estimated salvage value in accordance with ASC 360-10-35-15,
 Impairment or Disposal of Long-Lived Assets. 

Share-based
Payments 

The
Company estimates the fair value of share-based compensation using the Black-Scholes valuation model, in accordance with the provisions
of ASC 718, Stock Compensation . Key inputs and assumptions used to estimate the fair value of stock options include the
exercise price of the award, the expected option term, market price of the underlying common stock, volatility of the common stock,
risk-free rate, and dividend yield. Estimates of fair value are not intended to predict actual future events or the value ultimately
realized by the option holders, and subsequent events are not indicative of the reasonableness of the original estimates of fair
value. 

F- 7 

TEXAS
MINERAL RESOURCES CORP. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 AUGUST
31, 2021 AND 2020 

NOTE
2 SUMMARY OF ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 

Income
Taxes 

Income
taxes are computed using the asset and liability method, in accordance with ASC 740, Income Taxes . Under the asset and
liability method, deferred income tax assets and liabilities are determined based on the differences between the financial reporting
and tax basis of assets and liabilities and are measured using the currently enacted tax rates and laws. A valuation allowance
is provided for the amount of deferred tax assets that, based on available evidence, are not expected to be realized. 

The
Company recognizes and measures a tax benefit from uncertain tax positions when it is more likely than not that the tax position
will be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities, based on the technical merits of the position. The Company recognizes
a liability for unrecognized tax benefits resulting from uncertain tax positions taken or expected to be taken in a tax return.
The Company adjusts these liabilities when its judgement changes as a result of the evaluation of new information not previously
available. Due to the complexity of some of these uncertainties, the ultimate resolution may result in a payment that is materially
different from the current estimate or future recognition of an unrecognized tax benefit. These differences will be reflected
as increases or decreases to income tax expense in the period in which they are determined. The Company recognizes interest and
penalties related to unrecognized tax positions within the income tax expense line in the statements of operations. Management
believes the Company has no uncertain tax positions at August 31, 2021 and 2020. 

Basic
and Diluted Income (Loss) Per Share 

The
Company computes income (loss) per share in accordance with ASC 260, Earnings Per Share , which requires presentation of
both basic and diluted earnings per share on the face of the Statements of Operations. Basic income (loss) per share is computed
by dividing net income (loss) available to common shareholders by the weighted average number of outstanding common shares during
the period. Diluted income (loss) per share gives effect to all dilutive potential common shares outstanding during the period,
including stock options and warrants using the treasury method. Dilutive income (loss) per share excludes all potential common
shares if their effect is anti-dilutive. 

The
following table sets forth the computation of basic and dilutive weighted average shares for the years ended August 31, 2021 and
2020: 

2021 
 2020 
 
 Weighted average basic shares 
 71,651,114 
 61,201,735 
 
 Dilutive securities: 

Stock options and warrants 
 1,211,100 

Weighted average dilutive shares 
 72,862,214 
 61,201,735 

At
August 31, 2020, options and warrants to purchase 5,081,538 shares of common stock were outstanding but not included in the computation
of dilutive earnings per share, because these options and warrants were antidilutive. 

Use
of Estimates 

The
preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect
the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and
expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 

F- 8 

TEXAS
MINERAL RESOURCES CORP. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 AUGUST
31, 2021 AND 2020 

NOTE
2 SUMMARY OF ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 

Fair
Value Measurements 

The
Company accounts for assets and liabilities measured at fair value in accordance with ASC 820, Fair Value Measurements and
Disclosures. ASC 820 emphasizes that fair value is a market-based measurement, not an entity-specific measurement. Therefore,
a fair value measurement should be determined based on the assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the asset
or liability. As a basis for considering market participant assumptions in fair value measurements, ASC 820 establishes a fair
value hierarchy that distinguishes between market participant assumptions based on market data obtained from sources independent
of the reporting entity (observable inputs that are classified with Levels 1 and 2 of the hierarchy) and the reporting entity s
own assumptions about market participant assumptions (unobservable inputs classified within Level 3 of the hierarchy).The three
levels of inputs used to measure fair value are as follows: 

Level
 1: Observable inputs that reflect unadjusted quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities
 traded in active markets. 

Level
 2: Inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable for the
 asset or liability, either directly or indirectly. 

Level
 3: Inputs that are generally unobservable. These inputs may be used with internally developed
 methodologies that result in management s best estimate of fair value. 

The
Company s financial instruments consist principally of cash and accounts payable and accrued liabilities. The carrying amounts
of such financial instruments in the accompanying financial statements approximate their fair values due to their relatively short-term
nature. It is management s opinion that the Company is not exposed to any significant currency or credit risks arising from
these financial instruments. 

Recent
Accounting Pronouncements 

In
August 2018, the Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB issued Accounting Standards Update ASU 2018-13, Fair Value Measurement (Topic 820): Disclosure Framework Changes to the Disclosure Requirements for Fair Value
Measurement . This ASU eliminates, modifies and adds disclosure requirements for fair value measurements. The amendments in
this ASU are effective for fiscal years, and for interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2019,
with early adoption permitted. The Company adopted this ASU effective September 1, 2020 and it did not have a significant impact
on its financial statements and related disclosures. 

In
February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02, Leases (Topic 842), which supersedes the guidance in former ASC 840, Leases.
The new standard, as amended by subsequent ASUs on the Topic, requires lessees to apply a dual approach, classifying leases as
either finance or operating leases based on the principle of whether or not the lease is effectively a financed purchase by the
lessee. This classification will determine whether lease expense is recognized based on an effective interest method or on a straight-line
basis over the term of the lease. A lessee is also required to record a right-of-use asset and a lease liability for all leases
with a term of greater than 12 months regardless of their classification. Leases with a term of 12 months or less will be accounted
for similar to existing guidance for operating leases today. For the Company, this standard was effective for the annual and interim
reporting periods beginning after September 1, 2019. Its adoption did not have a significant impact on its financial statements
and related disclosures. 

The
FASB issued ASU No. 2018-10 Codification Improvements to Topic 842, Leases and ASU No. 2018-11 Leases (Topic
842) Targeted Improvements in July 2018. ASU 2018-10 provides certain amendments that affect narrow aspects of the guidance
issued in ASU 2016-02. ASU 2018-11 provides an optional transition method allowing entities to apply the new lease standard at
the adoption date with a cumulative-effect adjustment to the opening balance of retained earnings in the period of adoption (modified
retrospective approach) as opposed to restating prior period financial statements. The Company elected to adopt the standard on
September 1, 2019. Its adoption did not have a significant impact on its financial statements and related disclosures. 

NOTE
3 JOINT VENTURE ARRANGEMENTS 

In
August 2018, the Company and Morzev Pty. Ltd. Morzev entered into an agreement (the 2018 Option Agreement whereby Morzev was granted the exclusive right to earn and acquire a 70 interest in the Company s Round Top Project Project 
or Round Top or Round Top Project by financing 10 million of expenditures in connection with the
Project, increasable to an 80 interest for an additional 3 million payment to the Company. Morzev began operating as USA Rare
Earth, LLC USARE and in May 2019 notified the Company that it was nominating USARE as the optionee under the terms
of the 2018 Option Agreement. In August 2019, the Company and USARE entered into an amended and restated option agreement as further
amended on June 29, 2020 (the 2019 Option Agreement and collectively with the 2018 Option Agreement, the Option
Agreement ), whereby the Company restated its agreement to grant USARE the exclusive right to earn and acquire a 70 interest,
increasable to an 80 interest, in the Round Top Project. The 2019 Option Agreement has substantially similar terms to the 2018
Option Agreement. 

F- 9 

TEXAS
MINERAL RESOURCES CORP. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 AUGUST
31, 2021 AND 2020 

NOTE
3 JOINT VENTURE ARRANGEMENTS (CONTINUED) 

On
May 17, 2021, and in accordance with the terms of the Option Agreement, the Company and USARE entered into a contribution agreement Contribution Agreement whereby the Company and USARE contributed assets to Round Top, a wholly-owned subsidiary
of the Company, in exchange for their ownership interests in Round Top, of which the Company now owns membership interests equating
to 20 of Round Top and USARE owns membership interests equating to 80 of Round Top. Concurrently therewith, the Company and
USARE as the two members entered into a limited liability company agreement Operating Agreement governing the
operations of Round Top which contains customary and industry standard terms as contemplated by the Option Agreement. USARE will
serve as manager of Round Top and Mr. Gorski, on behalf of the Company, will serve as one of the three members of the management
committee. 

In
connection with USARE meeting its obligations to acquire a 70 interest in Round Top and exercising its right to an additional
10 interest, the Company received total consideration of approximately 3,728,000, consisting of the 3 million upon exercise
of the option and approximately 728,000 in previous advances to the Company by USARE, and derecognized 80 of the carrying amount
of mineral properties, or approximately 402,000. The resulting gain on sale of interest in mineral properties in the amount of
approximately 3,326,000 is included as its own line item in other income (expense). 

Upon
entry into the Contribution Agreement, the Company assigned the following contracts and assets to Round Top in exchange for its
20 membership interest in Round Top: 

the
 assignment and assumption agreement with respect to the mineral leases from the Company
 to Round Top; 

the
 assignment and assumption agreement with respect to the surface lease from the Company
 to Round Top; 

the
 assignment and assumption agreement with respect to the surface purchase option from
 the Company to Round Top; 

the
 assignment and assumption agreement with respect to the water lease from the Company
 to Round Top; and 

the
 bill of sale and assignment agreement of existing data with respect to Round Top owned
 by the Company. 

and
USARE assigned the following assets to Round Top (or the Company, as applicable) for its 80 membership interest in Round Top: 

cash
 to Round Top to continue to fund Round Top operations in the amount of approximately
 3,761,750 comprising the balance of the 10 million required expenditure to earn a 70 
 interest in Round Top; 

cash
 in the amount of 3 million to the Company upon exercise of the USARE option to acquire
 from the Company an additional 10 interest in Round Top, resulting in the aggregate
 ownership interest of 80 in Round Top; 

bill
 of sale and assignment agreement of the Pilot Plant to Round Top; 

the
 assignment and assumption regarding relevant contracts and permits with respect to Round
 Top; and 

bill
 of sale and assignment agreement of existing data and intellectual property owned by
 USARE to Round Top. 

The
Company accounts for its interest in Round Top using the proportionate consolidation method, which is an exception available to
entities in the extractive industries, thereby recognizing its pro-rate share of the assets, liabilities, and operations of Round
Top in the appropriate classifications in the financial statements. Subsequent to the sale of an undivided 80 interest in Round
Top, there was no significant activity in Round Top requiring recognition in the financial statements. 

F- 10 

TEXAS
MINERAL RESOURCES CORP. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 AUGUST
31, 2021 AND 2020 

NOTE
4 PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT, NET 

Property
and equipment consist of office furniture, equipment and vehicles. Property and equipment are depreciated using the straight-line
method over their estimated useful life of 3-20 years. Following is an analysis of property and equipment at August 31, 2021 and
2020: 

2021 
 2020 
 
 Furniture and office equipment 
 75,606 
 75,606 
 
 Vehicles 
 124,092 
 89,185 
 
 Computers and software 
 48,711 
 48,711 
 
 Field equipment 
 71,396 
 71,396 

Total cost basis 
 319,805 
 284,898 
 
 Less: accumulated depreciation 
 (288,970 
 (284,898 

Property and equipment, net 
 30,834 

Depreciation
expense for the years ending August 31, 2021 and 2020 was 4,072 and -0-, respectively. 

NOTE
5 MINERAL PROPERTIES 

August
2010 Lease 

On
August 17, 2010, the Company executed a new mining lease with the Texas General Land Office covering Sections 7 and 18 of Township
7, Block 71 and Section 12 of Block 72, covering approximately 860 acres at Round Top Mountain in Hudspeth County, Texas. The
mining lease issued by the Texas General Land Office gives the Company the right to explore, produce, develop, mine, extract,
mill, remove, and market rare earth elements, all other base and precious metals, industrial minerals and construction materials
and all other minerals excluding oil, gas, coal, lignite, sulfur, salt, and potash. The term of the lease is nineteen years so
long as minerals are produced in paying quantities. 

Under
the terms of the lease, the Company will pay the State of Texas a total lease bonus of 142,518. The Company paid 44,718 upon
the execution of the lease, and will pay the remaining 97,800 upon submission of a supplemental plan of operations to conduct
mining. Upon sale of any minerals removed from Round Top, the Company will pay the State of Texas a 500,000 minimum advance royalty.
Thereafter, if paying quantities of minerals are obtained, the Company will pay the State of Texas a production royalty equal
to eight percent (8 of the market value of uranium and other fissionable materials removed and sold from Round Top and six and
one quarter percent (6 1/4 of the market value of all other minerals removed and sold. If paying quantities have not been obtained,
the Company may pay additional delay rental fees to extend the term of the lease for successive one (1) year periods pursuant
to the following schedule: 

Per
Acre Amount 
 Total
 Amount 
 
 September 2, 2020 2024 
 150 
 134,155 
 
 September 2, 2025 2029 
 200 
 178,873 

In
August 2021, our joint venture partner paid the State of Texas a delay rental to extend the term of the lease in an amount equal
to 134,155. 

November
2011 Lease 

On
November 1, 2011, the Company executed a mining lease with the State of Texas covering approximately 90 acres of land that is
adjacent to the August 2010 Lease. Under the lease, the Company paid the State of Texas a lease bonus of 20,700 upon the execution
of the lease. Upon the sale of minerals removed from Round Top, the Company will pay the State of Texas a 50,000 minimum advance
royalty. 

F- 11 

TEXAS
MINERAL RESOURCES CORP. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 AUGUST
31, 2021 AND 2020 

NOTE
5 MINERAL PROPERTIES (CONTINUED) 

Thereafter,
if paying quantities of minerals are obtained, the Company will pay the State of Texas a production royalty equal to eight percent
(8 of the market value of uranium and other fissionable materials removed and sold from Round Top and six and one quarter percent
(6 1/4 of the market value of all other minerals. If paying quantities have not been obtained, the Company may pay additional
delay rental fees to extend the term of the lease for successive one (1) year periods pursuant to the following schedule: 

Per
Acre Amount 
 Total
 Amount 
 
 November 1, 2020 2024 
 150 
 13,500 
 
 November 1, 2025 2029 
 200 
 18,000 

In
August 2021, our joint venture partner paid the State of Texas a delay rental to extend the term of the lease in an amount equal
to 13,500. 

March
2013 Lease 

On
March 6, 2013, the Company purchased the surface lease at the Round Top Project, known as the West Lease, from the Southwest Wildlife
and Range Foundation (since renamed the Rio Grande Foundation) for 500,000 cash and 1,063,830 shares of common stock valued at
 500,000. The Company also agreed to support the Foundation through an annual payment of 45,000 for ten years to support conservation
efforts within the Rio Grande Basin, particularly Lake Amistad, a large and well-known fishing lake near Del Rio, Texas. The West
Lease comprises approximately 54,990 acres. Most importantly, the purchase of the surface lease provides the Company unrestricted
surface access for the potential development and mining of the Round Top Project. 

October
2014 Surface Option and Water Lease 

On
October 29, 2014, the Company announced the execution of agreements with the Texas General Land Office securing the option to
purchase the surface rights covering the potential Round Top project mine and plant areas and, separately, a lease to develop
the water necessary for the potential Round Top project mine operations. The option to purchase the surface rights covers approximately
5,670 acres over the mining lease and the additional acreage adequate to site all potential heap leaching and processing operations
as currently anticipated by the Company. The Company may exercise the option for all or part of the option acreage at any time
during the sixteen-year primary term of the mineral lease. The option can be maintained through annual payments of 10,000. The
purchase price will be the appraised value of the surface at the time of option exercise. All annual payments have been made as
of the date of this filing. 

The
ground water lease secures the right to develop the ground water within a 13,120-acre lease area located approximately 4 miles
from the Round Top deposit. The lease area contains five existing water wells. It is anticipated that all potential water needs
for the Round Top project mine operations would be satisfied by the existing wells covered by this water lease. This lease terms
include an annual minimum production payment of 5,000 prior to production of water for the operation. After initiation of production
the Company will pay 0.95 per thousand gallons or 20,000 annually, whichever is greater. This lease remains in effect so long
as the mineral lease is in effect. The minimum production payment for all fiscal years have been made as of the date of this filing. 

NOTE
6 ACCOUNTS PAYABLE AND ACCRUED LIABILITIES 

Accounts
payable and accrued liabilities at August 31, 2021 and 2020, consist of the following: 

2021 
 2020 
 
 Accounts payable trade 
 175,328 
 113,251 
 
 Accrued payroll and related expenses 
 16,049 
 382,853 
 
 Other 
 17 
 6,323 
 
 Total accounts payable and accrued liabilities 
 191,394 
 502,427 

F- 12 

TEXAS
MINERAL RESOURCES CORP. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 AUGUST
31, 2021 AND 2020 

NOTE
7 NOTES PAYABLE 

In
relation to the Foundation lease discussed in Note 5, the Company recorded a note payable for an amount for the initial 45,000
due upon signing of the lease and the nine (9) future payments due of 45,000. As of September 1, 2019, the balance of the note
payable was 123,542. During the year ended August 31, 2020, the balance of the note payable was paid in-full. 

Related
Party Advances 

On
January 12, 2017 the Company entered into loan agreements totaling 10,000 from an officer of the Company. The loans include a
stated due date of July 12, 2017, are non-interest accruing, and unsecured. The notes payable balance at September 1, 2019 was
 4,000 and the notes were paid in full during the year ended August 31, 2020. 

During
the years ended August 31, 2021 and 2020, USARE, the Company s joint venture partner, provided cash advances of 147,826
and 400,947, respectively, to pay certain deferred lease rental costs and amounts due under the Rio Grande Foundation note discussed
above. These advances are uncollateralized and are non-interest-bearing. The cumulative balance of advances from USARE on
May 17, 2021 totaling 728,227 was applied as consideration for the sale of 80 interest in Round Top as further discussed in
Note 3, Joint Venture Arrangements. 

As
of August 31, 2020, the Company had a 1,000 non-interest-bearing advance from a stockholder. 

NOTE
8 INCOME TAXES 

The
following table sets forth a reconciliation of the federal income tax benefit to the United States federal statutory rate of 21 
for the years ended August 31, 2021 and 2020: 

2021 
 2020 
 
 Income tax (expense) benefit at 21 statutory rate 
 (429,282 
 239,574 
 
 Stock-based compensation 
 (184,893 
 (72,181 
 
 Non-deductible loss on settlement of accrued compensation 
 
 (12,548 
 
 Decrease (increase) in valuation allowance 
 614,175 
 (154,845 

The
tax effects of the temporary differences between reportable financial statement income and taxable income are recognized as a
deferred tax asset and liability. Significant components of the deferred tax assets are set out below along with a valuation allowance
to reduce the net deferred tax asset to zero. 

Management
has established a valuation allowance because, based on an analysis of the tax benefits underlying deferred tax assets, it is
unable to establish that it is more-likely-than-not that a tax benefit will be realized. Significant components of deferred tax
asset at August 31, 2021 and 2020 are as follows: 

2021 
 2020 
 
 Net operating loss carryforward 
 4,341,024 
 3,238,098 
 
 Difference in property and equipment basis 
 474,558 
 2,191,659 
 
 Accrued liabilities 

Less valuation allowance 
 (4,815,582 
 (5,429,757 
 
 Net deferred tax asset 

As
a result of a change in control effective in April 2007, net operating losses prior to that date may be partially or entirely
unavailable under tax law, to offset future income and; accordingly, these net operating losses are excluded from deferred tax
assets. 

The
net operating loss carryforward in the approximate amount of 15,989,000 will begin to expire in 2022. The Company files income
tax returns in the United States and in one state jurisdiction. With few exceptions, the Company is no longer subject to United
States federal income tax examinations for fiscal years ending before 2011 and no longer subject to state tax examinations for
years before 2010. 

F- 13 

TEXAS
MINERAL RESOURCES CORP. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 AUGUST
31, 2021 AND 2020 

NOTE
9 SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 

The
Company s authorized capital stock consists of 100,000,000 shares of common stock, with a par value of 0.01 per share,
and 10,000,000 preferred shares with a par value of 0.001 per share. 

All
shares of common stock have equal voting rights and, when validly issued and outstanding, are entitled to one non-cumulative vote
per share in all matters to be voted upon by shareholders. Shares of common stock have no pre-emptive, subscription, conversion
or redemption rights and may be issued only as fully paid and non-assessable shares. Holders of common stock are entitled to equal
ratable rights to dividends and distributions with respect to the common stock, as may be declared by the Company s Board
of Directors (the Board out of funds legally available. In the event of a liquidation, dissolution or winding up
of the affairs of the Company, the holders of common stock are entitled to share ratably in all assets remaining available for
distribution to them after payment or provision for all liabilities and any preferential liquidation rights of any preferred stock
then outstanding. 

Following
is an analysis of common stock issuances during the years ended August 31, 2021 and 2020: 

August
31, 2021 

In
October 2020, the Company issued 61,936 shares of common stock to Directors as payment for accrued fees totaling 92,500 earned
in June through August 2020. 

During
the year ended August 31, 2021, the Company issued 83,345 shares of common stock valued at 142,500, as payment for directors 
fees. In addition, the Company recognized stock compensation and a corresponding charge to additional paid-in capital in the amount
of 47,500 for directors fees earned during the quarter ended August 31, 2021. The Company issued the related 41,233 shares
of common stock in October 2021. 

During
the year ended August 31, 2021, the holders of 76,000 common stock warrants and 220,000 common stock options were exercised for
total cash consideration of 81,300. The exercise price of the common stock warrants ranged from 0.10 to 0.35 per share and
the exercise price of the common stock options ranged from 0.20 to 0.45 per share. 

During
the year ended August 31, 2021, a total of 200,000 common stock options were exercised on a cashless basis into 169,506 shares
of common stock. The common stock options had exercise prices ranging from 0.22 to 0.45. 

August
31, 2020 

During
the year ended August 31, 2020, the Company issued 800,000 shares of common stock to investors for total consideration of 280,000. 

During
the year ended August 31, 2020, the holder of 70,000 common stock options with an exercise price of 0.30 per share, exercised
such options for total consideration of 21,000. In addition, a total of 3,420,000 common stock options were exercised on a cashless
basis into 2,813,310 shares of common stock. The common stock options had exercise prices ranging from 0.19 to 0.45 per share. 

During
the year ended August 31, 2020, the holders of 5,550,000 common stock warrants with an exercise price of 0.35 per share, exercised
such options for total consideration of 1,942,500. In addition, a total of 7,631,702 common stock warrants were exercised on
a cashless basis into 5,653,067 shares of common stock. The common stock warrants had exercise prices ranging from 0.10 to 0.50
per share. 

In
October 2019, the Company issued 13,514 shares of common stock to a new Advisory Board Member and recognized compensation expense
of 5,000 based on the 0.37 quoted market price of the common stock on the date of issuance. 

In
January 2020, the Company issued 130,892 shares of common stock issued to settle 45,000 in accrued compensation to an ex-employee.
The common stock was valued at 111,335, based on the 0.85 quoted market price of the common stock on the date the settlement
was reached. A loss on settlement of 66,335, representing the difference between the carrying amount of the liability and the
fair value of the stock issued, was recognized as a result of this transaction. 

F- 14 

TEXAS
MINERAL RESOURCES CORP. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 AUGUST
31, 2021 AND 2020 

NOTE
9 SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY (CONTINUED) 

In
January 2020, the Company entered into three separate consulting agreements for total consideration of 699,999 shares of
common stock (233,333 per agreement). The common stock underlying the agreements had a total value of 448,000, based on the
 0.64 quoted market price of the common stock on the date the consulting agreements were reached. The right to receive the
common stock is subject to ratable vesting over a 24-month period and at August 31, 2021, 483,333 shares had vested and
87,501 had been issued. The Company recognized 224,000 and 152,529 of compensation expense under these consulting
agreements during the years ended August 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively, and included the expense in general and
administrative expenses. The consultants have requested that the Company hold the remaining shares issuable under the
consulting agreements in trust to allow the consultants to request their shares as they vest. 

Options 

The
following table sets forth certain information as of August 31, 2021 and 2020 concerning common stock that may be issued upon
the exercise of options not covered by the Amended 2008 Plan and pursuant to purchases of stock under the Amended 2008 Plan (All
options are fully vested and exercisable at August 31, 2021 and 2020): 

Weighted 

Average 

Weighted 
 Remaining 

Average 
 Contractual 
 Aggregate 

Shares 
 Exercise
 Price 
 Life
 (In
Years) 
 Intrinsic
 Value 
 
 Outstanding, vested and exercisable at August 31, 2019 
 5,710,000 
 0.28 
 5.41 
 571,000 
 
 Options granted 
 43,500 
 0.60 

Options exercised 
 (3,490,000 
 0.25 

Options cancelled/forfeited/expired 
 (500,000 
 0.23 

Outstanding, vested and exercisable at August 31, 2020 
 1,763,500 
 0.35 
 3.45 
 2,028,025 
 
 Options granted 
 174,000 
 0.60 

Options exercised 
 (420,000 
 0.28 

Options cancelled/forfeited/expired 
 (40,000 
 0.30 

Outstanding, vested and exercisable at August 31, 2021 
 1,477,500 
 0.40 
 2.68 
 1,523,430 

Amended
2008 Stock Option Plan 

In
September 2008, the Board adopted the 2008 Stock Option Plan (the 2008 Plan ), which was approved by the Company s
shareholders and provided 2,000,000 shares available for grant. In 2011, 2012, and 2016, the Board adopted amendments to the 2008
Plan, approved by the shareholders, that increased the shares available for issuance under the 2008 Plan by a total of 7,000,000
shares (as amended, the Amended 2008 Plan ). Accordingly, at August 31, 2021 and 2020, 9,000,000 shares were designated
for issuance under the 2008 Plan, as amended. At August 31, 2021, a total of 5,765,000 shares of common stock remained available
for future grants under the Amended 2008 Plan. 

During
the year ended August 31, 2021, the Company granted a total of 174,000 stock options, with a fair value of 353,497 on the date
of grant, to a consultant. The fair value of the options was determined using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. The weighted
average assumptions used to calculate the fair market value are as follows: (i) risk-free interest rate of 0.27 (ii) estimated
volatility of 205.58 (iii) dividend yield of 0.00 and (iv) expected life of all options of 5 years. The Company recognized the
full 353,497 as compensation expense during the year ended August 31, 2021. 

During
the year ended August 31, 2020, the Company granted a total of 43,500 stock options with a fair value of approximately 75,000
on the date of grant to a consultant. The fair value of the options was determined using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model.
The weighted average assumptions used to calculate the fair market value are as follows: (i) risk-free interest rate of 0.29 
(ii) estimated volatility of 209.79 (iii) dividend yield of 0.00 and (iv) expected life of all options of 5 years. 

F- 15 

TEXAS
MINERAL RESOURCES CORP. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 AUGUST
31, 2021 AND 2020 

NOTE
9 SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY (CONTINUED) 

Warrants 

Warrant
activity for the years ended August 31, 2021 and 2020 was as follows: 

Weighted 

Average 

Weighted 
 Remaining 

Average 
 Contractual 
 Aggregate 

Shares 
 Exercise
 Price 
 Life
 (In
Years) 
 Intrinsic
 Value 
 
 Outstanding and exercisable at August 31, 2019 
 16,499,740 
 0.36 
 1.16 
 3,501,332 
 
 Warrants exercised 
 (13,181,702 
 0.34 

Outstanding and exercisable at August 31, 2020 
 3,318,038 
 0.40 
 0.28 
 3,649,842 
 
 Warrants granted 
 10,000 
 0.10 

Warrants exercised 
 (76,000 
 0.33 

Warrants cancelled/forfeited/expired 
 (3,218,038 
 0.10 

Outstanding and exercisable at August 31, 2021 
 34,000 
 0.10 
 1.2 
 45,660 

In
December 2019, the Company extended the expiration date of the Class A and Class B warrants to December 7, 2020. At August 31,
2020, there are issued and outstanding Class A warrants to purchase an aggregate of 1,114,412 shares of Company common stock at
an exercise price of 0.35 per share, and Class B warrants to purchase an aggregate of 1,128,626 shares of Company common stock
at an exercise price of 0.50 per share. At August 31, 2021 there are no Class A or Class B warrants outstanding. 

During
the year ended August 31, 2021, the Company granted a total of 10,000 stock warrants, with a fair value of 20,442 on the date
of grant, to a consultant. The fair value of the options was determined using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. The weighted
average assumptions used to calculate the fair market value are as follows: (i) risk-free interest rate of 0.27 (ii) estimated
volatility of 205.58 (iii) dividend yield of 0.00 and (iv) expected life of all options of 3 years. The Company recognized the
full 20,442 as compensation expense during the year ended August 31, 2021. 

NOTE 10
 RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS 

The
Company issued 4,432,529 common shares to various directors upon conversion of plan options and warrants in June and July 2020. 

NOTE
11 SUBSEQUENT EVENTS 

In
October 2021, we issued 41,233 shares of common stock to our Directors for accrued Director fees earned in June through August
2021. These shares were valued at the closing price at the end of August at a discount of 20 . The discounted price per share
was 1.15. 

On
November 8, 2021, the Company entered into a mineral exploration and option agreement with Santa Fe Gold Corporation Santa
Fe ). Under the agreement, the Company and Santa Fe will pursue, negotiate and subsequently enter into a joint venture agreement
with Santa Fe to jointly explore and develop a target silver property which has been selected by the Company among patented and
unpatented mining claims held by Santa Fe within the Black Hawk Mining District in Grant County, New Mexico. Completion of a joint
venture agreement is subject to the successful outcome of a multi-phase exploration plan leading to a bankable feasibility study
to be undertaken in the near future by the Company. Under the terms of the joint venture agreement, the Company would be the project
operator and initially own 50.5 of the joint venture while Santa Fe would initially own 49.5 . Additional terms of the joint
venture are to be negotiated between the Company and Santa Fe. 

F- 16 

TEXAS
MINERAL RESOURCES CORP. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 AUGUST
31, 2021 AND 2020 

NOTE
11 SUBSEQUENT EVENTS (CONTINUED) 

Under
terms of the agreement, the Company plans to conduct a district-wide evaluation among the patented and unpatented claims held
by Santa Fe, consisting of geologic mapping, sampling, trenching, radiometric surveying, geophysics, drilling and/or other methods
as warranted. Based on the district-wide evaluation, the Company will designate one 80-acre tract as the project area 
and commence detailed exploration work. The property covered in the agreement is approximately 1,300 acres and covers approximately
75 of the known mining district. The area to be studied also includes a two-mile radius area of interest. The agreement
also provides the Company with the option to include in the project area properties within the area of interest .
The term of the option is for so long as the Company continues to conduct exploration activities in the Project Area and can be
exercised on 60 days notice to Santa Fe. 

Additionally,
on November 8, 2021, the Company entered into a financing and purchase option agreement with Greentech Minerals Holdings, Inc. Greentech ). Under the agreement, Greentech is responsible for funding initial exploration activities and the bankable
feasibility study, estimated to cost approximately 6.5 million, for the Santa Fe project exploration. It is contemplated that
the bankable feasibility study will be designed to proceed in five tranches, each based on the success of the previous. It is
estimated that completion of all tranches, if successful, would take twelve to fifteen months, depending on variables such as
data analysis, weather and permitting. 

Upon
successful completion of the study, Greentech will be entitled to received 20 of the Company s initial equity in the proposed
joint venture with Santa Fe, equal to approximately 10.1 of the total equity of the joint venture. In addition, assuming Greentech
exercises its option to participate in funding the Santa Fe project capital expenditures, currently anticipated to be approximately
 15 million, it will be entitled to receive another 20 of the Company s initial equity in the future joint venture, equal
to approximately an additional 10.1 . In total, Greentech, in exchange for its funding, has the ability to earn at least 20.2 
of the potential joint venture with Santa Fe assuming successful completion of the overall first project. 

F- 17 

ITEM
9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

a) Effective
 February 6, 2020, LBB Associates Ltd, LLP, the independent registered public accounting
 firm for the Company, was suspended by the SEC. As a result of this suspension, on March
 2, 2020, LBB resigned as the independent registered public accounting firm for the Company. 

The
audit reports of LBB on the Company s financial statements for the years ended August 31, 2019 and August 31, 2018 did not
contain an adverse opinion or a disclaimer of opinion, and were not qualified or modified as to uncertainty, audit scope or accounting
principles. 

During
the two most recent fiscal years ended August 31, 2019 and through the subsequent interim period preceding LBB s resignation,
there were no disagreements between the Company and LBB on any matter of accounting principles or practices, financial statement
disclosure, or auditing scope or procedure, which disagreements, if not resolved to the satisfaction of LBB would have caused
them to make reference thereto in their reports on the Company s financial statements for such years. 

During
the two most recent fiscal years ended August 31, 2019 and through the subsequent interim period preceding LBB s resignation,
there were no reportable events within the meaning set forth in Item 304(a)(1)(v) of Regulation S-K. 

b) On
 March 6, 2020, the Audit Committee of our Board of Directors appointed Ham, Langston
 and Brezina, L.L.P. to serve as our independent registered public accounting firm for
 the fiscal year ending March 31, 2020, effective immediately. 

During
our two most recent fiscal years and through the interim period through March 6, 2020, neither we nor anyone on our behalf consulted
HLB regarding (i) the application of accounting principles to a specified transaction, either completed or proposed, or the type
of audit opinion that might be rendered on our financial statements, and no written report or oral advice was provided by HLB
to us that HLB concluded was an important factor considered by us in reaching a decision as to the accounting, auditing or financial
reporting issue, or (ii) any matter that was either the subject of a disagreement (as described in Item 304(a)(1)(iv) of regulation
S-K and the related instructions) or a reportable event (as described in Item 304(a)(1)(v) of Regulation S-K). 

ITEM
9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Disclosure
Controls and Procedures 

At
the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2021, an evaluation was
carried out under the supervision of and with the participation of our management, including the Chief Executive Officer CEO and Chief Financial Officer CFO ), of the effectiveness of the design and operations of our disclosure controls
and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and Rule 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act). Based on that evaluation the CEO and
the CFO have concluded that as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report, our disclosure controls and procedures
were not effective in ensuring that: (i) information required to be disclosed by us in reports that we file or submit to the SEC
under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in applicable rules and
forms and (ii) material information required to be disclosed in our reports filed under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated
to our management, including our CEO and CFO, as appropriate, to allow for accurate and timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Management s
Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting to provide reasonable
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles GAAP ). Management has assessed the effectiveness of internal
control over financial reporting based on the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway
Commission COSO in Internal Control-Integrated Framework . A material weakness, as defined by SEC rules,
is a control deficiency, or combination of control deficiencies, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement
of the annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. The material weaknesses in
internal control over financial reporting that were identified are: 

a) We
 did not maintain sufficient personnel with an appropriate level of technical accounting
 knowledge, experience, and training in the application of GAAP commensurate with our
 complexity and our financial accounting and reporting requirements. We have limited experience
 in the areas of financial reporting and disclosure controls and procedures. As a result,
 there is a lack of monitoring of the financial reporting process and there is a reasonable
 possibility that material misstatements of the financial statements, including disclosures,
 will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis; and 

35 

b) Due
 to our small size, we do not have a proper segregation of duties in certain areas of
 our financial reporting process. The areas where we have a lack of segregation of duties
 include cash receipts and disbursements, approval of purchases and approval of accounts
 payable invoices for payment. This control deficiency, which is pervasive in nature,
 results in a reasonable possibility that material misstatements of the financial statements
 will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 

As
a result of the existence of these material weaknesses as of August 31, 2021, management has concluded that we did not maintain
effective internal control over financial reporting as of August 31, 2021, based on the criteria set forth by the Committee of
Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control-Integrated Framework. 

This
Annual Report does not include an attestation report of the Company s independent registered public accounting firm regarding
internal control over financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by our independent registered
public accounting firm pursuant to rules of the SEC that permit the company to provide only management s report in this
annual report. 

Changes
to Internal Controls and Procedures over Financial Reporting 

We
regularly review our system of internal control over financial reporting to ensure we maintain an effective internal control environment.
There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the year that have materially affected,
or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Management s
Remediation Plans 

We
will look to increase our personnel resources and technical accounting expertise within the accounting function. Management believes
that hiring additional knowledgeable personnel with technical accounting expertise will remedy the material weakness: insufficient
personnel with an appropriate level of technical accounting knowledge, experience, and training in the application of GAAP commensurate
with our complexity and our financial accounting and reporting requirements. 

ITEM
9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 

ITEM
9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 

Not
applicable. 

36 

PART
III 

ITEM
10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

The
following table sets forth certain information with respect to our current directors and executive officers. The term for each
director expires at our next Annual Meeting or until his or her successor is appointed and qualified. The ages of the directors
and officers are shown as of August 31, 2021: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Current
 Office with Company 
 
 Positions
 Held Since 
 
 Daniel E. Gorski 
 
 84 
 
 Director 
 Chief
Executive Officer 
 
 January
2007 
 August
2012 
 
 Anthony Marchese 
 
 65 
 
 Director 
 
 December
 2009 
 
 Cecil Wall 
 
 90 
 
 Director 
 
 August
 2007 
 
 Nicholas Pingitore 
 
 77 
 
 Director 
 
 August
 2012 
 
 Peter Denetclaw 
 
 62 
 
 Director 
 
 August
 2019 
 
 Clark Moseley 
 
 70 
 
 Director 
 
 August
 2019 
 
 Kevin Francis 
 
 61 
 
 Director 
 
 November
 2020 
 
 Wm Chris Mathers 
 
 62 
 
 Chief Financial
 Officer 
 
 February
 2016 

Daniel
E. Gorski Mr. Gorski has served as a director of the Company since January 2006 and as the Company s chief executive
officer since August 2012. Prior thereto, Mr. Gorski served as the Company s president and chief executive officer from
January 2007 to May 2011 and chief operating officer from May 2011 to December 2011. From July 2004 to January 2006, Mr. Gorski
was the co-founder and vice president of operations for High Plains Uranium Inc., a uranium exploration and development company
that went public on the Toronto Stock Exchange in December 2005. Between June 1996 to May 2004, Mr. Gorski served as an officer
and director of Metalline Mining Co., a publicly traded mining and development company with holdings in the Sierra Mojada Mining
District, Coahuila, Mexico. From January 1992 to June 1996, Mr. Gorski was the exploration geologist under contract to USMX Inc.
and worked exclusively in Latin America. Mr. Gorski earned a BS in 1960 from Sul Ross State College, in Alpine, Texas and an MA
in 1970 from the University of Texas in Austin, Texas. Mr. Gorski has over forty-four years of experience in the mining industry. 

Mr.
Gorski s extensive technical knowledge and experience in the mining industry combined with his historical relationship with
the Company s principal property, the Round Top project, permits Mr. Gorski to provide the Board with valuable insight to
the exploration and development of the Round Top project. Accordingly, the Board believes that Mr. Gorski should serve on the
Board. 

Anthony
Marchese Mr. Marchese has served as a director since December 2009. Since July 2018, Mr. Marchese has served as President
of Marchese Management Co., LLC, a strategic advisory firm that consults to both public and private emerging growth companies.
Mr. Marchese also serves as the general partner and chief investment officer of the Insiders Trend Fund, LP, an investment partnership
whose mandate is to invest in those public companies whose officers and/or directors have been active acquirers of their own stock.
Mr. Marchese s prior experience includes TriPoint Global Equities (Managing Director/Capital Markets- 2012-2018), Axiom
Capital Management, Inc. (Managing Director 2011-2012), Monarch Capital Group, LLC (President and Chief Operating Officer
 2003 to 2011), Laidlaw Equities (senior vice president - April 1997 to March 2002), Southcoast Capital (senior vice president
 May 1988 to April 1997), Oppenheimer Co (limited partner September 1982 to May 1988), Prudential-Bache (vice
president July 1981 to August 1982) and the General Motors Corporation (analyst June 1980 to June 1981). Mr. Marchese
served in the military with the Army Security Agency and the U.S. Army Intelligence and Security Command. Mr. Marchese received
an MBA in Finance from the University of Chicago. Mr. Marchese provides the Board with exceptional leadership and management knowledge,
having gained extensive management and corporate finance experience during the course of his career. Mr. Marchese s specific
experience, qualifications, attributes and skills described above led the Board to conclude that Mr. Marchese should serve as
a member of the Board of Directors. 

Cecil
C. Wall Cecil C. Wall was born in Duchene County, Utah in 1931. Mr. Wall attended Carbon County College and Utah State
University. In 1969, he acquired control of a publicly traded company, Altex Oil Co. (formerly known as Mountain Valley Uranium),
listed on the American Stock Exchange. Under Mr. Wall s leadership, Altex established a 20,000 acre position in what became
the Greater Altamont Field at Altamont, Utah. Mr. Wall sold his interest in Altex in 1985. Mr. Wall was also part of the founding
group for the 2007 reorganization of Standard Silver Corp. which became TMRC. He sat on the TMRC board of directors and served
as the Secretary and Treasurer from January 2004 to April 2012. He is currently the manager for C-Wall Investment Company, LLC,
a Utah Limited Liability Company. In addition, he is the president of several family-owned private companies, and he brings wide
business experience and close relations with many of the original shareholders. 

Mr.
Wall s past experience with the Company as its Secretary and Treasurer and his past experience with public companies serve
the Board at this time by providing needed guidance on public company matters and insight into the Company s historical
operations. Mr. Wall s specific experience, qualifications, attributes and skills described above led the Board to conclude
that Mr. Wall should serve as a member of the Board of Directors. 

37 

Dr.
Nicholas Pingitore Dr. Nicholas Pingitore was born in New York City in 1944. Dr. Pingitore holds an AB degree from
Columbia College (NYC, 1965) and a Masters (ScM) and PhD from Brown University (Providence RI, 1968 1973) in Geology. Since
1977, he has held a full-time faculty appointment at UTEP. In addition to being a Texas Licensed Geoscientist, Dr. Pingitore is
a member of the American Chemical Society, Geochemical Society, American Association for the Advancement of Science, American
Geophysical Union, Materials Research Society, Mineralogical Society of America, Society of Economic Paleontologists and Mineralogists,
and Society of the Sigma Xi. He has served for 25 years as Director of UTEP s Electron Microprobe Laboratory, and he expects
to use this instrument to study the Round Top minerals. The 2,500-foot-square geochemical laboratory that Dr. Pingitore also anticipates
using to conduct research sponsored by TMRC includes three x-ray fluorescence units, a high resolution inductively coupled plasma
mass spectrometer, various optical microscopes, and sample preparation facilities. Since 2000, he has been project director of
approximately 7,000,000 in research funding, and a co-investigator on another 10,000,000 in grants. He has established a record
for successfully managing and completing large institutional projects on time and on budget. Dr. Pingitore considers Round Top
to be a national treasure. He is ready to bring his wide geologic and chemical experience, his project skills, and his insight
from decades of investment in the extractive industries, to help unlock the riches of this deposit. Mr. Pingitore s extensive
experience and education in geology bring valuable expertise to the Board in relation to the Board s oversight of the Company s
exploration and potential development activities at its Round Top project. Mr. Pingitore s specific experience, qualifications,
attributes and skills described above led the Board to conclude that Mr. Pingitore should serve as a member of the Board of Directors. 

Peter
Denetclaw, Jr. Mr. Denetclaw has served as a manager of Freeport McMoran since 2008. Mr. Denetclaw has served as vice-chair
of the management committee for Navajo Transitional Energy Company since 2014. 

Clark
A. Moseley Mr. Moseley has served as chief executive officer of the Morrow Pacific Project on behalf of Ambre Energy
from February 2010 through September 2014. Mr. Moseley has served as chief executive officer for Navajo Transitional Energy Company
since December 2014. 

Kevin
Francis Mr. Francis has served as principal of Mineral Resource Management LLC since April 2016, providing project
management, technical and expert witness services, and permitting leadership to the mining industry. Mr. Francis served as vice
president of project development of Aurcana Corporation from March 2017 to June 2019, managing and advancing all technical studies.
Mr. Francis served as vice president, technical services and general manager of Oracle Mining Corp. from May 2012 to May 2016
(a wholly-owned subsidiary of Oracle Mining Corp. was placed into a court-ordered receivership in 2015), managing interdisciplinary
technical functions including direction of geologists, mining engineers and consultants, as well as developing scopes of work,
managing budgets and reviewing deliverables of studies. 

Wm.
Chris Mathers Mr. Mathers is a senior finance and accounting professional with more than 30 years of experience in
financial accounting, mergers and acquisition, Securities and Exchange Commission compliance and operational and administrative
support. Mr. Mathers holds a BBA in Accounting from Southwestern University at Georgetown, Texas, and is a certified public accountant.
Mr. Mathers began his career in public accounting in 1981 with the accounting firm of Price Waterhouse focusing on multi-national
public audits. From 1983 through 1989, Mr. Mathers was in private practice focusing on tax preparation, and the financial audits
of corporations, partnerships and individuals. From 1989 through 1993, Mr. Mathers was a Controller and Administrative Officer
of GJR Investments, Inc., a national real estate firm. 

Beginning
in 1994, Mr. Mathers began work as chief financial officer for several privately and publicly held companies, including: InterSystems,
Inc. of Houston, Texas, a multi-state manufacturing firm; Nexus Custom Electronics, Inc., a manufacturer of circuit boards to
private industry and the U.S. Department of Defense; Interactive Nutrition International, Inc., Ottawa, Canada, a manufacturer
of Nutritional products. 

Arrangements
between Officers and Directors 

To
our knowledge, there is no arrangement or understanding between any of our officers and any other person, including directors,
pursuant to which the officer was selected to serve as an officer. 

Family
Relationships 

None
of our Directors are related by blood, marriage, or adoption to any other Director, executive officer, or other key employees. 

Other
Directorships 

No
directors of the Company are also directors of issuers with a class of securities registered under Section 12 of the United
States Securities Exchange Act (or which otherwise are required to file periodic reports under the Exchange Act). 

38 

Board
of Directors Structure 

The
Company s current bylaws require the Board to consist of one or more directors, the number of directors to be determined
from time to time by resolution of the stockholders or by resolution of the Board. The current Board is composed of seven directors. 

Director
Independence 

The
Company had six independent directors as of August 31, 2021 as follows: 

Anthony
 Marchese 

Cecil
 Wall 

Nicholas
 Pingitore 

Peter
 Denetclaw 

Clark
 Moseley 

Kevin
 Francis 

Meetings
of the Board and Board Member Attendance at Annual Meeting 

During
the fiscal year ending August 31, 2021, the Board held three (3) meetings of the Board. None of the incumbent Directors attended
fewer than 75 of the board meetings which occurred during their tenure on the Board. 

Communications
to the Board 

Stockholders
who are interested in communicating directly with members of the Board, or the Board as a group, may do so by writing directly
to the individual Board member c/o Corporate Secretary, at 539 El Paso Street, Sierra Blanca, Texas 79851. The Company s
Secretary will forward communications directly to the appropriate Board member. If the correspondence is not addressed to the
particular member, the communication will be forwarded to a Board member to bring to the attention of the Board. The Company s
Secretary will review all communications before forwarding them to the appropriate Board member. 

Board
Committees 

The
Board has established three board committees: an Audit Committee, a Compensation Committee, and a Corporate Governance and Nominating
Committee. 

The
information below sets out the current members of each of the Company s board committees and summarizes the functions of
each of the committees in accordance with their mandates. 

Audit
Committee and Audit Committee Financial Experts 

The
Company has a standing Audit Committee and audit committee charter, which complies with Rule 10A-3 of the Exchange Act. The Audit
Committee was established in accordance with Section 3(a)(58)(A) of the Exchange Act. The Audit Committee is comprised of three
(3) directors all of whom, in the opinion of the Board, are independent (in accordance with Rule 10A-3 of the Exchange Act: Anthony
Marchese (Chairman), Cecil Wall and Nicholas Pingitore. Mr. Marchese is a financial expert as defined under Item
407(d)(5) of Regulation S-K. 

The
Audit Committee is responsible for the oversight of the Company s accounting and financial reporting processes. This includes
the selection and engagement of the Company s independent registered public accounting firm and review of the scope of the
annual audit, audit fees and results of the audit. 

The
Audit Committee monitors the Company s audit and the preparation of financial statements and all financial disclosure contained
in the Company s SEC filings. The Audit Committee appoints the Company s external auditors, monitors their qualifications
and independence and determines the appropriate level of their remuneration. The external auditors report directly to the Audit
Committee. The Audit Committee has the authority to terminate the Company s external auditors engagement and approve
in advance any services to be provided by the external auditors that are not related to the audit. 

Audit
Committee Report 

The
Company s Audit Committee oversees the Company s financial reporting process on behalf of the Board. The Committee
has three (3) members, each of whom is independent as determined under Rule 10A-3 of the Exchange Act. The Committee
operates under a written charter adopted by the Board. 

39 

The
Committee assists the Board by overseeing the (1) integrity of the Company s financial reporting and internal control, (2)
independence and performance of the Company s independent auditors, (3) and provides an avenue of communication between
management, the independent auditors and the Board. 

In
the course of providing its oversight responsibilities regarding the audited annual financial statements for the year ended August
31, 2021, the Committee reviewed the audited annual financial statements for the year ended August 31, 2021 with management and
the Company s independent auditors. The Committee reviewed accounting principles, practices, and judgments as well as the
adequacy and clarity of the notes to the financial statements. 

The
Committee reviewed the independence and performance of the independent auditors who are responsible for expressing an opinion
on the conformity of those audited financial statements with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States, and
such other matters as required to be communicated by the independent auditors in accordance with Auditing Standard No. 1301 ,
Communications with Audit Committees , issued by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board PCAOB ). 

The
Committee meets with the independent auditors to discuss their audit plans, scope and timing on a regular basis, with or without
management present. The Committee has received the written disclosures and the letter from the independent auditors required by
applicable requirements of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board for independent auditor communications with Audit Committees
concerning independence, as may be modified or supplemented. 

In
reliance on the reviews and discussions referred to above, the Committee recommended to the Board, and the Board has approved,
that the audited financial statements be included in the Annual Report to the SEC on Form 10-K for the year ended August 31, 2021.
The Committee and the Board have also recommended the selection of Ham, Langston Brezina, L.L.P. as independent auditors
for the Company for the fiscal year ending August 31, 2022. 

Submitted
by the Audit Committee Members 

Anthony
 Marchese (Chairman) 

Nicolas
 Pingitore 

Cecil
 Wall 

Compensation
Committee 

The
Company has a Compensation Committee comprised of three (3) directors, each of whom, in the opinion of the Board, are independent:
Cecil Wall (Chairman), Kevin Francis and Anthony Marchese. 

The
Compensation Committee has adopted a charter. The Compensation Committee is responsible for considering and authorizing terms
of employment and compensation of executive officers and providing advice on compensation structures in the various jurisdictions
in which the Company operates. The Company s Chief Executive Officer may not be present during the voting determination
or deliberations of his or her compensation; however, the Compensation Committee does consult with the Company s Chief Executive
Officer in determining and recommending the compensation of directors and other executive officers. 

In
addition, the Company s Compensation Committee reviews both our overall salary objectives and significant modifications
made to employee benefit plans, including those applicable to executive officers, and proposes awards of stock options. The Compensation
Committee has determined that the Company s compensation policies and practices for its employees generally, not just executive
officers, are not reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on the Company. 

The
Compensation Committee does not and cannot delegate its authority to determine director and executive officer compensation. Our
Compensation Committee and management did not engage the services of an external compensation consultant during fiscal year 2021. 

A
copy of the Compensation Committee charter is available on the Company s website at www.TMRC.com. 

Compensation
Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation 

There
are no Compensation Committee or Board interlocks among the members of the Company s Board. 

40 

Corporate
Governance and Nominating Committee 

General 

The
Company has a Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee composed of 1 director, Nicholas Pingitore. It is the opinion of the
Board that this individual is independent. 

The
Company s Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee are responsible for developing the Company s approach to corporate
governance issues. The Committee evaluates the qualifications of potential candidates for director and recommends to the Board
nominees for election at the next annual meeting or any special meeting of stockholders, and any person to be considered to fill
a Board vacancy resulting from death, disability, removal, resignation or an increase in Board size. The Committee has not adopted
a formal policy which sets forth the criteria the Board will assess in connection with the consideration of a candidate. Instead
the Committee considers a multitude of qualifications and characteristics, including the candidate s integrity, reputation,
judgment, knowledge, independence, experience, accomplishments, commitment and skills, all in the context of an assessment of
the perceived needs of the Board at that time. 

A
copy of the Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee charter is available on the Company s website at www.TMRC.com . 

Board
Diversity 

The
Company does not have a formal policy regarding diversity in the selection of nominees for directors. The Corporate Governance
and Nominating Committee does, however, consider diversity as part of its overall selection strategy. In considering diversity
of the Board as a criteria for selecting nominees, the Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee takes into account various
factors and perspectives, including differences of viewpoint, professional experience, education, skills and other individual
qualities and attributes that contribute to Board heterogeneity, as well as race, gender and national origin. The Corporate Governance
and Nominating Committee seeks persons with leadership experience in a variety of contexts. The Corporate Governance and Nominating
Committee believes that this conceptualization of diversity is the most effective means to implement Board diversity. The Corporate
Governance and Nominating Committee will assess the effectiveness of this approach as part of its annual review of its charter. 

Recommendations
to the Board 

The
Committee will consider recommendations for director nominees made by stockholders and others if these individuals meet the criteria
for consideration. For consideration by the Committee, the nominating stockholder or other person must provide the Corporate Secretary
at the Company s principal offices with information about the nominee, including the detailed background of the suggested
candidate that will demonstrate how the individual meets the Company s director nomination criteria. If a candidate proposed
by a stockholder meets the criteria, the individual will be considered on the same basis as other candidates. 

Board
Leadership Structure 

The
Board has reviewed the Company s current Board leadership structure in light of the composition of the Board, the Company s
size, the nature of the Company s business, the regulatory framework under which the Company operates, the Company s
stockholder base, the Company s peer group and other relevant factors. Considering these factors the Board has determined
to have a separate Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board. The Chairman of the Board is a non-executive position. The
Board has determined that this structure is currently the most appropriate Board leadership structure for the Company. The Board
noted the following factors in reaching its determination: 

The
 Board acts efficiently and effectively under its current structure. 

A
 structure of a separate Chief Executive Officer and non-executive Chairman of the Board
 puts the Company in the best position to efficiently handle major issues facing the Company
 on a day-to-day and long-term basis, and still ensure that the Board is in the best position
 to have an independent director identify key risks and developments facing the Company
 and have those risks and developments brought promptly to the Board s attention. 

This
 structure eliminates the potential for confusion and duplication of efforts at the highest
 executive level. 

Companies
 within the Company s peer group utilize similar Board structures. 

41 

The
Company s non-executive Chairman of the Board acts as a lead independent director. Given the size of the Board, the Board
believes that having a non-executive Chairman of the Board combined with the presence of three other independent directors out
of the five directors on the Board and independent directors sitting on all of the Board s committees is sufficient independent
oversight of the Chief Executive Officer. The independent directors work well together in the current board structure and the
Board does not believe that selecting a lead independent director outside of the non-executive Chairman of the Board would add
significant benefits to the Board s oversight role. 

The
Board of Director s Role in Risk Management Oversight 

The
understanding, identification and management of risk are essential elements for the successful management of the Company. Risk
oversight begins with the Board and the Audit Committee. The Audit Committee reviews and discusses policies with respect to risk
assessment and risk management. The Audit Committee also has oversight responsibility with respect to the integrity of the Company s
financial reporting process and systems of internal control regarding finance and accounting, as well as its financial statements. 

At
the management level, an internal audit provides reliable and timely information to the Board and management regarding the Company s
effectiveness in identifying and appropriately controlling risks. Annually, management presents to the Audit Committee a report
summarizing the review of the Company s methods for identifying and managing risks. 

Based
on a review of the nature of operations, the Board does not believe that any areas of the Company have incentive to take excessive
risks that would likely have a material adverse effect on the Company s operations. 

Code
of Business and Ethical Conduct 

The
Company has adopted a corporate Code of Business and Ethical Conduct administered by its President and Chief Executive Officer,
Daniel Gorski. The Company believes its Code of Business and Ethical Conduct is reasonably designed to deter wrongdoing and promote
honest and ethical conduct, to provide full, fair, accurate, timely and understandable disclosure in public reports, to comply
with applicable laws, to ensure prompt internal reporting of code violations, and to provide accountability for adherence to the
code. The Company s Code of Business and Ethical Conduct provides written standards that are reasonably designed to deter
wrongdoing and to promote: 

Honest
 and ethical conduct, including the ethical handling of actual or apparent conflicts of
 interest between personal and professional relationships; 

Full,
 fair, accurate, timely and understandable disclosure in reports and documents that are
 filed with, or submitted to, the Commission and in other public communications made by
 an issuer; 

Compliance
 with applicable governmental laws, rules and regulations; and 

The
 prompt internal reporting of violations of the code to an appropriate person or persons
 identified in the code; and 

Accountability
 for adherence to the code. 

The
Company s Code of Business and Ethical Conduct is available on our web site at www.TMRC.com. A copy of the Code of Business
and Ethical Conduct will be provided to any person without charge upon written request to the Company at its executive offices.
We intend to disclose any waiver from a provision of the Code of Business and Ethical Conduct that applies to any of the Company s
principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller or persons performing similar
functions that relates to any element of the Company s Code of Business and Ethical Conduct on the Company s website.
No waivers were granted from the requirements of the Code of Business and Ethical Conduct during the year ended August 31, 2021,
or during the subsequent period thereto. 

ITEM
11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

The
following summary compensation tables set forth information concerning the annual and long-term compensation for services in all
capacities to the Company for the years stated for those persons who were, at August 31, 2021 named executive officers. Named
Executive Officer means: (a) each Chief Executive Officer, (b) each Chief Financial Officer, (c) each of the three most
highly compensated executive officers, or the three most highly compensated individuals acting in a similar capacity, other than
the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, at the end of the most recently completed financial year; and (d) each
individual who would be an Named Executive Officer under paragraph (c) but for the fact that the individual was neither an executive
officer of the Company, nor acting in a similar capacity, at the end of that financial year. 

42 

Summary
Compensation Table 

Option 
 All Other 
 Total 

Salary 
 Awards 
 Compensation 
 compensation 
 
 Name and principal position 
 Year 
 (US 
 (US 
 (US 
 (US 
 
 Daniel Gorski 
 2021 
 120,000 

120,000 
 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 2020 
 120,000 

120,000 

Wm Chris Mathers 
 2021 
 60,000 

60,000 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 2020 
 60,000 

60,000 

In
August 2012, the Company agreed to pay to Mr. Daniel Gorski, in the amount of 120,000 annually in connection with his appointment
as Chief Executive Officer of the Company. The Company and Mr. Gorski have not entered into a formal written employment agreement
in relation to Mr. Gorski s compensation and employment terms as Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Gorski is currently being
paid 120,000 per year. Mr. Mathers is currently being paid 60,000 per year pursuant to an at-will employment arrangement. The
Company does not believe that its compensation arrangements with its named executive officers creates inherent risks that may
have a material adverse effect on the Company. 

Executive
Compensation Agreements and Summary of Executive Compensation 

Report
on Executive Compensation 

During
the year ended August 31, 2021, the Board and the Company s Compensation Committee, was responsible for establishing a compensation
policy and administering the compensation programs of the Company s executive officers. 

Salary 

The
amount of compensation paid by the Company to each of the Company s officers and the terms of those persons employment
is determined by the Compensation Committee. The Compensation Committee evaluates past performance and considers future incentive
and retention in considering the appropriate compensation for the Company s officers. The Company believes that the compensation
paid to the Company s directors and officers is fair to the Company. 

Stock
Incentive Awards 

The
Compensation Committee believes that the use of direct stock awards is at times appropriate for employees, and in the future intends
to use direct stock awards to reward outstanding service or to attract and retain individuals with exceptional talent and credentials.
The use of stock options and other awards is intended to strengthen the alignment of interests of executive officers and other
key employees with those of our stockholders. 

Executive
Compensation Agreements 

Agreement
with Mr. Gorski 

The
Company pays Mr. Daniel Gorski a salary in the amount of 120,000 annually in connection with his appointment as Chief Executive
Officer of the Company. The Company and Mr. Gorski have not entered into a formal written employment agreement. 

Agreement
with Wm. Chris Mathers 

The
Company pays Mr. Wm. Chris Mathers a salary in the amount of 60,000 annually in connection with his appointment as Chief Financial
Officer of the Company. The Company and Mr. Mathers have not entered into a formal written employment agreement. 

43 

Outstanding
Equity Awards At Fiscal Year-End 

There
were 1,477,500 stock options fully vested and outstanding as of August 31, 2021. 

Nonqualified
Deferred Compensation 

The
Company does not offer nonqualified deferred compensation to any of its named executive officers. 

Director
Compensation 

The
following table sets forth the compensation granted to our directors during the fiscal year ended August 31, 2021. Compensation
to directors that are also named executive officers is detailed above and is not included on this table. 

Fees Paid or 
 Fee Paid or 

Earned in 
 Earned in 
 Option 

Cash 
 Stock 
 Awards 
 Total 
 
 Name 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 
 Anthony Marchese 
 
 57,000 
 
 57,000 
 
 Cecil Wall 
 
 35,000 
 
 35,000 
 
 Nicholas Pingitore 
 
 33,000 
 
 33,000 
 
 Peter Denetclaw, Jr. 
 
 24,000 
 
 24,000 
 
 Clark A. Moseley 
 
 24,000 
 
 24,000 
 
 Kevin Francis 
 
 17,389 
 
 17,389 

The
Company does not currently pay directors fees in cash and paid the above-referenced directors fees in fiscal 2021
through the issuance of shares of common stock valued at the market price at the time such fees were earned. Each of our directors
are reimbursed reasonable out of pocket expenses associated with attending our board meetings. 

ITEM 12. 
 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

The
following tables set forth information as of November 19, 2021, regarding the ownership of the Company s common stock by:
(i) each named officer, each director and all of the Company s directors and executive officers as a group; and (ii) each
person who is known by us to own more than 5 of the Company s shares of common stock. The number of shares beneficially
owned and the percentage of shares beneficially owned are based on 71,975,296 shares of common stock outstanding as of November
19, 2021. 

Beneficial
ownership is determined in accordance with the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission. Shares subject
to options that are exercisable within 60 days following November 19, 2021 are deemed to be outstanding and beneficially owned
by the optionee for the purpose of computing share and percentage ownership of that optionee but are not deemed to be outstanding
for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership of any other person. Except as indicated in the footnotes to this table,
and as affected by applicable community property laws, all persons listed have sole voting and investment power for all shares
shown as beneficially owned by them. 

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner 
 Number of Shares of Common Stock Beneficially Owned 
 Percent of Class Beneficially Owned 
 
 Daniel E. Gorski 
 7,012,023 (1) 
 9.7 
 
 Anthony Marchese 
 6,284,584 (2) 
 8.7 
 
 Cecil Wall 
 1,876,677 (3) 
 2.6 
 
 Nicholas Pingitore 
 1,489,981 (4) 
 2.1 
 
 Wm Chris Mathers 
 488,454 (5) 

Peter Denetclaw, Jr. 
 10,140,752 (6) 
 14.1 
 
 Clark A. Moseley 
 10,140,752 (7) 
 14.1 
 
 Kevin Francis 
 15,955 (8) 

All directors and executive officers as a group (8 persons) 
 27,337,295 
 37.8 
 
 SC Fundamental Value Fund LP 
 3,600,000 (9) 
 4.9 
 
 Navajo Transitional Energy Company 
 10,111,883 (10) 
 14.0 

Less than 1 . 

44 

(1) Represents
 7,012,023 shares of Common Stock. 

(2) Represents
 4,019,877 shares of Common Stock and 2,264,707 shares of common stock registered in the
 name of the Insiders Trend Fund, LP., an entity in which Mr. Marchese serves as general
 partner and chief investment officer. 

(3) Consists
 of 18,144 shares of Common Stock owned by Cecil Wall and 1,858,533 shares of Common Stock
 in the name of various trusts controlled by Mr. Wall. 

(4) Consists
 of 1,061,981 shares of Common Stock and (i) a ten year option to purchase up to 100,000
 shares of Common Stock at an exercise price of 0.45, (ii) a ten year option to purchase
 up to 160,000 shares of Common Stock at an exercise price of 0.45; (iii) a ten year
 option to purchase up to 50,000 shares of Common Stock at an exercise price of 0.22;
 (iv) a 10 year option to purchase up to 100,000 shares of Common Stock at an exercise
 price of 0.20 and 5 year warrants to purchase up to 18,000 shares of Common Stock ranging
 from 0.10- 0.20. 

(5) Represents
 488,454 shares of Common Stock. 

(6) Represents
 28,869 shares of Common Stock. Mr. Denetclaw is also deemed to be a beneficial owner
 of 10,111,883 shares of common stock owned by Navajo Transitional Energy Company. 

(7) Represents
 28,869, shares of Common Stock. Mr. Moseley is deemed to be a beneficial owners of 10,111,883
 shares of common stock owned by Navajo Transitional Energy Company. 

(8) Represents
 15,955 shares of Common Stock 

(9) Represents
 shares held by related persons and entities SC Fundamental Value Fund, L.P., SC Fundamental
 LLC, Peter M. Collery, Neil H. Koffler, John T. Bird, David Hurwitz and SC Fundamental
 LLC Employee Savings Profit Sharing Plan. Represents (i) 100,000 shares of Common
 Stock and, (ii) 3,500,000 Common Stock purchase warrants exercisable at 0.35 per share
 for a period of five years. Represents shares held by the Navajo Transitional Energy
 Corp. 

(10) Messrs.
 Denetclaw and Moseley have voting and investment power with respect to these shares. 

It
is believed by the Company that all persons named have full voting and investment power with respect to the shares indicated,
unless otherwise noted in the table and the footnotes thereto. Under the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission, a person
(or group of persons) is deemed to be a beneficial owner of a security if he or she, directly or indirectly, has
or shares the power to vote or to direct the voting of such security, or the power to dispose of or to direct the disposition
of such security. Accordingly, more than one person may be deemed to be a beneficial owner of the same security. A person is also
deemed to be a beneficial owner of any security, which that person has the right to acquire within 60 days, such as options or
warrants to purchase our common stock. 

The
Company is not, to the best of our knowledge, directly or indirectly owned or controlled by another corporation or foreign government. 

Change
in Control 

The
Company is not aware of any arrangement that might result in a change in control in the future. The Company has no knowledge of
any arrangements, including any pledge by any person of our securities, the operation of which may at a subsequent date result
in a change in the Company s control. 

Section
16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance 

Section
16(a) of the Exchange Act requires the Company s officers, directors, and persons who beneficially own more than 10 of
the Company s common stock, to file reports of ownership and changes in ownership with the SEC. 

Based
solely on our review of the copies of such forms received by us, or written representations from certain reporting persons, the
Company believes that during fiscal year ended August 31, 2021 the filing requirements applicable to its officers, directors and
greater than 10 percent beneficial owners were complied with, except that Dan Gorski did not file three
Forms 4 within the two business day requirement. Those late filings were Forms 4 filed on July 27, 2021, August 10,
2021 and September 15, 2021. 

45 

ITEM
13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

Mr.
Gorski, the Company s chief executive officer, is paid 120,000 per year by USA Rare Earth, LLC for serving as director
of operations of the Round Top Project. 

The
Company has a policy for the review of transactions with related persons as set forth in the Company s Audit Committee Charter
and internal practices. The policy requires review, approval or ratification of all transactions in which the Company is a participant
and in which any of the Company s directors, executive officers, significant stockholders or an immediate family member
of any of the foregoing persons has a direct or indirect material interest, subject to certain categories of transactions that
are deemed to be pre-approved under the policy - including employment of executive officers, director compensation (in general,
where such transactions are required to be reported in the Company s proxy statement pursuant to SEC compensation disclosure
requirements), as well as certain transactions where the amounts involved do not exceed specified thresholds. 

ITEM
14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 

The
following table sets forth information regarding the amount billed to us by our independent auditor, HLB, for our two fiscal years
ended August 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively: 

Years Ended August 31, 

2021 
 2020 
 
 Audit Fees 
 56,500 
 50,500 
 
 Audit Related Fees 
 2,750 

Tax Fees 
 5,000 
 14,000 
 
 All Other Fees 

Total 
 64,250 
 64,500 

Audit
Fees 

Consist
of fees billed for professional services rendered for the audit of our financial statements and review of interim financial statements
included in quarterly reports and services that are normally provided by the principal accountants in connection with statutory
and regulatory filings or engagements. 

Audit
Related Fees 

Consist
of fees billed for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of our
financial statements and are not reported under Audit Fees . 

Tax
Fees 

Consist
of fees billed for professional services for tax compliance, tax advice and tax planning. These services include preparation of
federal and state income tax returns. 

All
Other Fees 

Consist
of fees for product and services other than the services reported above. 

46 

Policy
on Pre-Approval by Audit Committee of Services Performed by Independent Auditors 

The
Audit Committee has adopted procedures requiring the Audit Committee to review and approve in advance, all particular engagements
for services provided by the Company s independent auditor. Consistent with applicable laws, the procedures permit limited
amounts of services, other than audit, review or attest services, to be approved by one or more members of the Audit Committee
pursuant to authority delegated by the Audit Committee, provided the Audit Committee is informed of each particular service. All
of the engagements and fees for 2021 were pre-approved by the Audit Committee. The Audit Committee reviews with HLB whether the
non-audit services to be provided are compatible with maintaining the auditor s independence. 

47 

PART
IV 

ITEM
15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SCHEDULES 

Documents
filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K or incorporated by reference: 

(1) The
 financial statements are listed on the Index to Financial Statements in
 Item 8. 

(2) Financial
 Statement Schedules (omitted because the Company is a smaller reporting issuer). 

The
following exhibits are attached hereto or are incorporated by reference: 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description 
 
 2.1 
 
 Plan of Conversion, dated August 24, 2012, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 of our Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 29, 2012. 

3.1 
 
 Delaware Certificate of Conversion, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of our Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 29, 2012. 

3.2 
 
 Delaware Certificate of Incorporation, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 of our Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 29, 2012. 

3.3 
 
 Delaware Certificate of Amendment, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of our Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 18, 2016 

3.4 
 
 Delaware Bylaws, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 of our Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 29, 2012. 

3.5 
 
 Common Stock, par value 0.01; 100,000,000 shares authorized, 71,934,065 shares issued and outstanding as of August 31, 2021. 

4.1 
 
 Form of Common Stock Certificate, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of our Form 10-K for the period ended August 31, 2009 filed with the SEC on February 8, 2011. 

4.2 
 
 Form of Warrant Indenture, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 of our Form S-1/A filed with the SEC on December 10, 2014. 

4.3 
 
 Form of Class A Warrant, included as Schedule A in Exhibit 4.2. 

4.4 
 
 Form of Class B Warrant, included as Schedule B in Exhibit 4.2. 

10.1 
 
 Amended and Restated 2008 Stock Option Plan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of our Form 10-Q for the period ended May 31, 2011 filed with the SEC on July 15, 2011. 

10.2 
 
 Mining Lease, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of our Form 10-K for the period ended August 31, 2009 filed with the SEC on February 8, 2011. 

10.3 
 
 Mining Lease dated November 2011 with the State of Texas, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended August 31, 2019 filed with the SEC on November 27, 2019. 

10.4 
 
 Purchase option agreement dated September 2014 with the State of Texas, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended August 31, 2019 filed with the SEC on November 27, 2019. 

10.5 
 
 Groundwater lease dated September 2014 with the State of Texas, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended August 31, 2019 filed with the SEC on November 27, 2019. 

10.6 
 
 ReeTech Operating Agreement, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K as filed with the Commission on July 21, 2015 

10.7 
 
 Amendment Number One to the Reetech Operating Agreement, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K as filed with the Commission on November 30, 2015 

48 

10.8 
 
 Amendment Number One to the TRER License, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Form 8-K as filed with the Commission on November 30, 2015 

10.9 
 
 Director s Agreement by and between the Company and Anthony Marchese, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 of our Form 10-K for the period ended August 31, 2009 filed with the SEC on February 8, 2011. 

10.10 
 
 Summary of Dan Gorski Employment Arrangement, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended August 31, 2019 filed with the SEC on November 27, 2019 

10.11 
 
 Summary of Wm. Chris Mathers Employment Arrangement, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended August 31, 2019 filed with the SEC on November 27, 2019 

10.12 
 
 Option Agreement for Wm. Chris Mathers incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.21 of our Amendment No. 2 to its Registration Statement on Form S-1 (333-172116) filed with the SEC on May 25, 2011. 

10.13 
 
 Form of Directors Option Agreement incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.22 of our Amendment No. 2 to its Registration Statement on Form S-1 (333-172116) filed with the SEC on May 25, 2011. 

10.14 
 
 Consulting Agreement between the Company and Chemetals, Inc., dated January 22, 2013, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 28, 2013. 

10.15 
 
 Lease Agreement between the Company and Southwest Range Wildlife Foundation, Inc., dated March 6, 2013, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 12, 2013. 

10.16 
 
 Variation agreement with Morzev PTY LTD. (USA Rare Earth) dated October 2018, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.16 of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended August 31, 2019 filed with the SEC on November 27, 2019. 

10.17 
 
 Amended and Restated Option Agreement with Morzev (USA Rare Earth) dated August 2019, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.17 of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended August 31, 2019 filed with the SEC on November 27, 2019. 

10.18 
 
 First Amendment to the Amended and Restated Option Agreement with USA Rare Earth dated June 29, 2020, incorporated by reference to the definitive proxy statement on Schedule 14A filed with the SEC on July 15, 2020 

10.19 
 
 Mining Lease dated September 2011 (1) 

10.20 
 
 Contribution Agreement, effective as of May 17, 2021, among USA Rare Earth, LLC, Texas Mineral Resources Corp., and Round Top Mountain Development, LLC, filed with the SEC on Form 8-K on May 21, 2021 

10.21 
 
 Limited Liability Company Agreement dated effective as of May 17, 2021, among USA Rare Earth, LLC, Texas Mineral Resources Corp., and Round Top Mountain Development, LLC, filed with the SEC on Form 8-K on May 21, 2021 

31.1 
 
 Section 302 Certification (1) 
 
 31.2 
 
 Section 302 Certification (1) 
 
 32.1 
 
 Section 906 Certification (1) 
 
 32.2 
 
 Section 906 Certification (1) 

101.INS (2) 
 XBRL Instance Document 

101.SCH (2) 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema 

101.CAL (2) 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculations 

101.DEF (2) 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definitions 

101.LAB (2) 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels 

101.PRE (2) 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentations 

Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 

(1) Filed herewith. 

(2) Submitted Electronically Herewith. Attached as Exhibit 101 to this report are the following formatted
in XBRL (Extensible Business Reporting Language): (i) Balance Sheets at August 31, 2021 and 2020; (ii) Statements of
Operations for the years ended August 31, 2021 and 2020; (iii) Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended August 31, 2021
and 2020; (iv) Statements of Shareholders Equity for the years ended August 31, 2021 and 2020; and (v) Notes to Financial
Statements. 

49 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section
13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the
undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

TEXAS MINERAL RESOURCES CORP. 

/s/ Daniel E Gorski 

Daniel E Gorski, Chief Executive Officer 

DATED: November 29, 2021 

/s/ Wm Chris Mathers 

Wm Chris Mathers, Chief Financial Officer 

DATED: November 29, 2021 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Exchange
Act, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates
indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Capacity 
 
 Date 

/s/ Daniel E Gorski 
 
 Chief Executive Officer, Principal Executive Officer and Director 
 
 November 29, 2021 
 
 Daniel E Gorski 

/s/ Wm Chris Mathers 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 November 29, 2021 
 
 Wm Chris Mathers 

/s/Anthony Marchese 
 
 Chairman of the Board 
 
 November 29, 2021 
 
 Anthony Marchese 

/s/ Cecil C Wall 
 
 Director 
 
 November 29, 2021 
 
 Cecil C Wall 

/s/ Nicholas Pingitore 
 
 Director 
 
 November 29, 2021 
 
 Nicholas Pingitore 

/s/ Peter Denetclaw, Jr 
 
 Director 
 
 November 29, 2021 
 
 Peter Denetclaw, Jr 

/s/ Clark A Moseley 
 
 Director 
 
 November 29, 2021 
 
 Clark A Moseley 

/s/ Kevin Francis 
 
 Director 
 
 November 29, 2021 
 
 Kevin Francis 

50 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ex31-1.htm
 CERTIFICATION BY CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

Texas Mineral Resources Corp 10-K 

Exhibit 31.1. Certification by Chief Executive Officer 

I, Daniel E Gorski, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Texas Mineral Resources Corp; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to
state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not
misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report,
fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for,
the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to
be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries,
is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the
preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered
by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an
annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over
financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation
of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board
of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over
financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report
financial information; and 

b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 29, 2021 

/s/ Daniel E Gorski 

Daniel E Gorski, Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ex31-2.htm
 CERTIFICATION BY CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER

Texas Mineral Resources Corp 10-K 

Exhibit 31.2. Certification by Chief Financial Officer 

I, Wm Chris Mathers, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Texas Mineral Resources Corp; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to
state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not
misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report,
fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for,
the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to
be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries,
is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the
preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered
by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an
annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over
financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation
of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board
of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over
financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report
financial information; and 

b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 29, 2021 

/s/ Wm Chris Mathers 

Wm Chris Mathers, Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ex32-1.htm
 SECTION 1350 CERTIFICATION BY CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

Texas Mineral Resources Corp 10-K 

Exhibit 32.1. Section 1350 Certification by Chief
Executive Officer 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE 

 SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of Texas Mineral
Resources Corp (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended August 31, 2021, as filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Daniel E Gorski, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant
to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge and
belief: (1) the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and (2)
the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of
the Company. 

/s/ Daniel E Gorski 

Daniel E Gorski, Chief Executive Officer 

November 29, 2021 

The foregoing certification is being furnished solely
pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code) and is not
being filed as part of the Report or as a separate disclosure document. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 ex32-2.htm
 SECTION 1350 CERTIFICATION BY CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER

Texas Mineral Resources Corp 10-K 

Exhibit 32.2. Section 1350 Certification by Chief
Financial Officer 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE 

 SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of Texas Mineral
Resources Corp (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended August 31, 2021, as filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Wm Chris Mathers, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant
to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge and
belief: (1) the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and (2)
the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of
the Company. 

/s/ Wm Chris Mathers 

Wm Chris Mathers, Chief Financial Officer 

November 29, 2021 

The foregoing certification is being furnished solely
pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code) and is not
being filed as part of the Report or as a separate disclosure document. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 tmrc-20210831.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 tmrc-20210831.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 tmrc-20210831_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 tmrc-20210831_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 tmrc-20210831_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 tmrc-20210831_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

