<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20211223_10-K_edgar_data_1829966_0001683168-21-006560.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4348348</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>223902</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>845703</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1057283</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>992017</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1128403</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001683168-21-006560.hdr.sgml : 20211223
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20211223163045
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001683168-21-006560
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		59
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20210930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20211223
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20211223

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Esports Technologies, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001829966
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-AMUSEMENT & RECREATION SERVICES [7900]
		IRS NUMBER:				853201309
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0930

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40334
		FILM NUMBER:		211517536

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		197 CALIFORNIA AVE. STE. 302
		CITY:			LAS VEGAS
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89104
		BUSINESS PHONE:		888-411-2726

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		197 CALIFORNIA AVE. STE. 302
		CITY:			LAS VEGAS
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89104

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	eSports Technologies, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20201026

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001683168-21-006560.txt : 20211223

10-K
 1
 esports_i10k-093021.htm
 FORM 10-K

Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 WASHINGTON, D.C., 20549 

FORM 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended 

OR 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from _________________
to ___________________ 

Commission File Number: 

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its
Charter) 

(State or Other Jurisdiction of 
 Incorporation or Organization) 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, , 

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip
Code) 

Registrant s Telephone Number, including
Area Code: 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Exchange
Act: 

Title of each class 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned
issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports
pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports
required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter
periods as the registrant was required to file such reports) and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically
every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such
shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated
filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions
of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging
growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (check one) 

Large accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant
has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant
to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on
and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section
404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report.

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as
defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). YES 

The registrant was not a public company as of the last business day
of its most recently completed second fiscal quarter and, therefore, can t calculate the aggregate market value of its voting and non-voting
common equity held by non-affiliates as of such date. 

The number of shares of the registrant s common stock outstanding
as of December 16, 2021 was . 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

Portions of this registrant s definitive proxy statement for
its 2021 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the SEC no later than 120 days after the end of the registrant s fiscal
year are incorporated herein by reference in Part III of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 
 
 PART I 

ITEM 1. 
 Business 
 5 
 
 ITEM 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 10 
 
 ITEM 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 24 
 
 ITEM 2. 
 Properties 
 24 
 
 ITEM 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 24 
 
 ITEM 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 24 

PART II 

ITEM 5. 
 Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 25 
 
 ITEM 6. 
 Selected Financial Data 
 25 
 
 ITEM 7. 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 26 
 
 ITEM 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risks 
 31 
 
 ITEM 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 32 
 
 ITEM 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 33 
 
 ITEM 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 33 
 
 ITEM 9B. 
 Other Information 
 33 

PART III 

ITEM 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 34 
 
 ITEM 11 . 
 Executive Compensation 
 34 
 
 ITEM 12 . 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 34 
 
 ITEM 13 . 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 35 
 
 ITEM 14 . 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 35 

PART IV 

ITEM 15 . 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 36 

Exhibit Index 
 
 36 

ITEM 16 . 
 10-K Summary 
 38 

Signatures 
 
 39 

2 

References in this Form 10-K to we ,
 us , its , our or the Company are to Esports Technologies, Inc., as appropriate
to the context. 

Cautionary Statement About
Forward-Looking Statements 

We make forward-looking statements under the Risk
Factors, Business, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
and in other sections of this report. In some cases, you can identify these statements by forward-looking words such as may, 
 might, should, would, could, expect, plan, anticipate, 
 intend, believe, estimate, predict, potential or continue, 
and the negative of these terms and other comparable terminology. These forward-looking statements, which are subject to known and unknown
risks, uncertainties and assumptions about us, may include projections of our future financial performance based on our growth strategies
and anticipated trends in our business. These statements are only predictions based on our current expectations and projections about
future events. There are important factors that could cause our actual results, level of activity, performance or achievements to differ
materially from the results, level of activity, performance or achievements expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. In
particular, you should consider the numerous risks and uncertainties described under Risk Factors . 

While we believe we have identified material risks,
these risks and uncertainties are not exhaustive. Other sections of this report may describe additional factors that could adversely impact
our business and financial performance. Moreover, we operate in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment. New risks and uncertainties
emerge from time to time, and it is not possible to predict all risks and uncertainties, nor can we assess the impact of all factors on
our business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained
in any forward-looking statements. 

Although we believe the expectations reflected
in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee future results, level of activity, performance or achievements.
Moreover, neither we nor any other person assumes responsibility for the accuracy or completeness of any of these forward-looking statements.
You should not rely upon forward-looking statements as predictions of future events. We are under no duty to update any of these forward-looking
statements after the date of this report to conform our prior statements to actual results or revised expectations, and we do not intend
to do so. 

Forward-looking statements include, but are not
limited to, statements about: 

our ability to successfully incorporate the recently acquired assets from Aspire Global; 

our ability to obtain additional funding to develop additional services and offerings; 

compliance with obligations under intellectual property licenses with third parties; 

market acceptance of our new offerings; 

competition from existing online offerings or new offerings that may emerge; 

our ability to establish or maintain collaborations, licensing or other arrangements; 

our ability and third parties abilities to protect intellectual property rights; 

our ability to adequately support future growth; and 

our ability to attract and retain key personnel to manage our business effectively. 

3 

We caution you not to place undue reliance on the
forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this report in the case of forward-looking statements contained in this
report. 

You should not rely upon forward-looking statements
as predictions of future events. Our actual results and financial condition may differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking
statements. We qualify all of our forward-looking statements by these cautionary statements. Although we believe that the expectations
reflected in the forward looking-statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee future results, levels of activity, performance
or achievements. Therefore, you should not rely on any of the forward-looking statements. In addition, with respect to all of our forward-looking
statements, we claim the protection of the safe harbor for forward-looking statements contained in the Private Securities Litigation
Reform Act of 1995. 

4 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 Business. 

Overview 

We develop products and operate platforms to provide
a real money online gambling experience focused on esports and competitive gaming. We operate licensed online gambling platforms which
are real money betting platforms. Our mission is to define, shape and drive growth of the current and future esports wagering ecosystem
by providing advanced product, platform and marketing solutions directly to service providers and customers. We accept wagers on major
esports titles including: Counter-Strike: GO, League of Legends, Dota 2, StarCraft 2, Rocket League, Rainbow Six, Warcraft 3, King
of Glory and FIFA ; as well as professional sports including the National Football League, National Basketball Association,
Major League Baseball, soccer and more. 

On November 29, 2021, we acquired the Business
to Consumer (B2C) business of Aspire Global plc Aspire ). The B2C business offers a portfolio of distinctive proprietary
brands focused primarily on igaming, which is online casino and table games such as blackjack, virtual sport computer simulated games
and slot machines, as well as traditional sports betting, in the locations where we are licensed to do so, to a diverse customer base
operating across regulated markets. (See additional information on the acquisition of the Aspire B2C business below) 

Esports is the competitive playing of video games
by amateur and professional individuals and teams for cash prizes. Esports typically take the form of organized, multiplayer video games
that include real-time strategy, fighting, first-person shooter, and multiplayer online battle arena games. Esports also includes games
which can be played, primarily by amateurs, in multiplayer competitions on the Sony PlayStation, Microsoft Xbox and WII Nintendo systems. 

Although official competitions have long been a
part of video game culture, participation and spectatorship of such events have seen a global surge in popularity over the past few years
with the growth of online streaming and has been further accelerated by the cancelation of traditional sporting events worldwide due to
the COVID-19 pandemic. As these esports matches are widely broadcasted and watched predominately online, live betting and wagering can
occur on these matches, where it is legal and regulated. 

Acquisition of Aspire Global Plc s Aspire Business to Consumer B2C Business 

In order to accelerate the growth and expand
market access for our esports product offerings, on November 29, 2021, we acquired Aspire s B2C Business, for 65,000,000 payable
as follows: (i) a cash amount of 50,000,000; (ii) 10,000,000, payable in accordance with the terms of an unsecured subordinated
promissory note; and (iii) 186,838 shares of our common stock, which were valued at 5,000,000. 

This acquisition expands our product offerings
and increases the number of markets in which we can operate. The B2C business offers a portfolio of distinctive proprietary brands to
a diverse customer base operating across regulated markets. The B2C segment generated revenues of 69.3 million in the twelve-month
period ended September 30, 2021. 

The acquisition of Aspire s B2C business
provides the following strategic benefits: 

ownership of Aspire s portfolio of B2C proprietary online casino and sportsbook brands consisting of Karamba, Hopa, Griffon
Casino, BetTarget, Dansk777, and GenerationVIP; 

market access for our esports products in key regulated markets including the United Kingdom, Germany, Ireland, Malta, and Denmark,
among others, allowing us to cross-sell esports wagering opportunities; 

During 2022, we intend to launch additional esports focused online gaming websites that target these additional markets; and 

enhanced strategic partnership with Aspire who will provide the on-line gaming platform and a managed services offering, including
customer service, customer on-boarding and payment processing ensuring operational stability and continuity. 

Our gaming license from the Curacao Gaming Authority
and the licenses made available to us from the Acquisition of the Aspire B2C business allows us to accept esports and sports wagers from
residents of more than 160 jurisdictions. 

5 

Market for Esports Gambling 

The advent of online streaming has turned esports
into a global industry that includes professional players and teams competing in major events that are simultaneously watched in-person
in stadiums and by online viewers, which regularly exceed 1 million viewers for major tournaments. The impact of online streaming on the
gaming industry has been so significant that video game developers are now building features into their games designed to facilitate competition.
Most major professional esports events and a wide range of amateur esports events are broadcast live via streaming services including
twitch.tv and youtube.com. This, in turn, has led to increases in wagering on these events. 

According to Newzoo, a gaming industry source for
games market insights and analytics, the global video game market is forecast to be worth 159 billion in 2020. Esports revenue for 2020
is projected to be 1.488 billion (not including gambling) according to Green Man Gaming. According to H2 Gambling Capital and iGaming
Business, the net revenue from regulated esports-specific betting will grow by 39 year-on-year in 2020, to reach 343 million, and by
2024, the market is projected to generate 862 million in revenue. We are not currently expecting any meaningful revenue generation from
the wider video game market or esports revenue opportunities, such as sponsorships, advertising, event and ticket sales or merchandise
sales. 

As the size of the market and the number of esports
enthusiasts continues to grow, we anticipate the number of esports enthusiasts who gamble will grow concurrently which we believe may
increase demand for our platform. Additionally, given the recent cancelations of sporting events and the ongoing COVID-19 global pandemic,
along with the unknown timing of when life and business will return to normal, we believe a business opportunity exists to provide these
opportunities to existing and new wagering customers as alternatives to live sporting events. 

Our Products and Services 

We currently operate online wagering websites where
we take deposits and funds from our customers and offer our customers the ability to use those funds to wager on a wide range of events,
focused on the outcome of esports competitive video game competitions. Although we focus on esports, we also offer iGaming, which is online
casino and table games such as blackjack, virtual sport computer simulated games and slot machines, as well as traditional sports betting. 

In 2021, we launched our free to play 
online esports experience. Our free to play experience allows users to predict esports match winners and outcomes without
wagering real money. We offer users ways to earn points on our site for loyalty and continued engagement. We anticipate monetizing the
traffic via advertising (both display and affiliate). 

6 

Our Technology and Product Development 

In order to create the best real-money esports
product offerings, we have invested in new esports predictive gaming models. Our proprietary technology has been developed to provide
the best real money betting odds for the esports betting customer that will also increase the number of betting options for our esports
customers. We are also developing a Google Chrome browser extension allowing increased in-play bets and cash-out options. We will continue
to invest in these technologies and continue to purchase third-party intellectual property that will allow us to offer our users an expanded
range of overall betting markets, more numerous esports cash-out offerings, and expanded live-betting options. Once live, these technologies
will allow us to bring new innovative experiences to market. We believe these investments in proprietary intellectual property, combined
with purchased or licensed third-party intellectual property, will allow us to offer our customers: 

increased betting opportunities across additional esports games; 
 
 better pricing for placing wagers; and 
 
 expanded esports cash-out and live-betting offerings. 

We expect to launch these products beginning
in calendar first quarter of 2022. 

Our Intellectual Property and License Agreements 

Our long-term strategy is to differentiate ourselves
in the esports gaming industry by developing our own intellectual property in the form of new esports predictive gaming models, predictive
consolidated data feeds, bet matching engines, and the platform and software services that allow distribution to both customers and business
partners. 

In connection with our strategy, we have filed
patent applications for various intellectual property including 

Live Streaming Wagering Technology - On
June 23, 2021, we filed a patent application for our technology that enhances the betting experience for sports and esports live streaming
events that integrates sports and esports wagering across many of the world s most popular live streaming platforms, including Twitch,
YouTube, Amazon TV Gaming, Facebook Gaming, and Hulu among others. 

Artificial Intelligence-Powered Real-Time Odds
Modeling Simulation System On August 19, 2021, we filed a patent application for our technology that uses artificial
intelligence to generate odds models for use in a betting algorithm for esports tournaments and various stages of a tournament to generate
odds instantly for any number of esports match. 

Electronic Sports Betting Exchange System 
 On November 2, 2021, we filed a patent application for our technology for a private betting exchange model that is configured to offer
operators and high-volume bettors greater liquidity and improved pricing in an esports betting environment where large bet sizes do not
impact market prices. 

Esports Wagering Modeling System and Method
in Multiplayer Games On November 9, 2021, we filed a new patent application for a system that uses a modified statistical
distribution for modeling possible outcomes in battle games involving multiple players and teams. The systems and methods described in
Esports Technologies patent application detail the use of this statistical tool to represent the exact score distribution of kills
in multiplayer online battle events. 

7 

We also license software from third parties which
we believe will give us competitive advantages and create valuable and new experiences for customers during their wagering experience.
We have an exclusive software licensing agreement, except with respect to the licensor and one entity, Hillside (Technology) Limited,
for the use, distribution, and resale of multiple cash-out patents as well as a lottery and jackpot software platform in the field of
esports with Colossus Bets (LTD), a London-based company that is licensed and regulated in Great Britain. Pursuant to the license, we
will share equally in any and all revenue payable to us during the term of the license from the licensing by us of the licensed patents
to any third parties. The license will enable us to exclusively provide Colossus Jackpot functionality for esports. The esports Jackpot
product allows us to offer a user the chance to win multi-million-dollar prize pools for a low entry cost, much like a lottery ticket.
The agreement also stipulates the exclusive usage and distribution rights for the cash-out patents in the portfolio. The license has a
three-year term, provided that Colossus Bets (LTD) may terminate the license after two years if it has not generated at least GBP 500,000
in revenue during that two-year period, provided that we have the option to extend the license for one year upon the payment of an additional
fee of GBP 150,000. 

On September 1, 2020, our wholly owned subsidiary,
ESEG Limited, entered into three domain purchase agreements pursuant to which it acquired the following domain names: Esportsbook.com,
Browserbets.com, esportsgames.com, Esportstechnologies.com, Browserbet.com, Fantasyduel.com and Esportsgamers.com . 

Competition 

We operate in the global
entertainment and gaming industries and our customers and there is intense competition among online gaming and entertainment providers.
A number of established, well-financed companies producing online gaming products and services compete with our offerings, and other well-capitalized
companies may introduce competitive services. 

Human Capital Resources 

As a multinational technology
company with approximately 60 employees and contractors located in 8 countries, our business success is driven by our highly skilled workforce.
With our global technology and product team, we are focused on delivering new, innovative and exciting products to our growing base of
customers. 

We recognize that engaging
and developing our employees is a key to our success and we rely on attracting and retaining our talent to deliver on our mission. During
the year we have implemented a new human resources system to better understand employees satisfaction through quarterly performance
assessments. These assessments ensure we understand how we can better deliver on our investments in technology and meet our customers 
needs. 

We also offer our employees
a competitive compensation package with health and welfare benefits for our employees and family members. In addition, every employee
is eligible for equity awards to share in our financial success. 

Government Regulation 

We are subject to various
U.S. and foreign laws and regulations that affect our ability to operate our product offerings. These product offerings are generally
subject to extensive and evolving regulations that could change based on political and social norms and that could be interpreted in ways
that could negatively impact our business. 

Our gaming license from the Curacao Gaming Authority
and the licenses made available to us from the Acquisition of the Aspire B2C business allows us to accept esports and sports wagers from
residents of more than 160 jurisdictions. Our focus is to invest and develop our business in Western Europe, Asia and Latin America. We
currently do not have the ability to accept wagers from customers based in the United States. 

The gaming industry is
highly regulated and we must maintain compliance to licenses and pay gaming taxes or a percentage of revenue where required by the jurisdictions
in which we operate in order to continue our operations. Our business is subject to compliance with extensive regulation under the laws,
rules and regulations of the jurisdictions in which we operate. These laws, rules and regulations generally concern the responsibility,
financial stability, integrity and character of the owners, managers and persons with material financial interests in the gaming operations.
Violations of laws or regulations in one jurisdiction could result in disciplinary action in that and other jurisdictions. 

8 

Data Protection and Privacy 

Because we handle, collect,
store, receive, transmit and otherwise process certain personal information of our users and employees, we are also subject to federal,
state and foreign laws related to the privacy and protection of such data. 

With our operations in
Europe, we face particular privacy, data security and data protection risks in connection with requirements of the General Data Protection
Regulation of the European Union (EU) 2016/679 (the GDPR and other data protection regulations. Any failure to comply with
these rules may result in regulatory fines or penalties including orders that require us to change the way we process data. In the
event of a data breach, we are also subject to breach notification laws in the jurisdictions in which we operate, including the GDPR,
and the risk of litigation and regulatory enforcement actions. 

Any significant change
to applicable laws, regulations, interpretations of laws or regulations, or market practices, regarding the use of personal data, or regarding
the manner in which we seek to comply with applicable laws and regulations, could require us to make modifications to our products, services,
policies, procedures, notices, and business practices, including potentially material changes. Such changes could potentially have an
adverse impact on our business. 

Curacao License 

The Curacao Ministry of Justice has only granted
four online gaming Master Licenses. Our license is a sublicense from one of the four master license holders, Gaming Services Provider
N.V. #365/JAZ. The Curacao Ministry of Justice allows an applicant for a sublicense from a Master License holder to operate under the
master license holder s license, so long as they meet certain operating and compliance criteria, including, without limitation,
providing quarterly and annual submissions and conducting know your customer procedures. These criteria must be met at the
stage of application as well as on an ongoing basis. As such, so long as we maintain the requisite criteria for holding the sublicense,
as a sublicensee we can enjoy the same privileges and rights that the Master License holder has, but without the ability to issue licenses. 

This single sublicense covers any kind of game
requiring skill or chance, including esports and sports betting. Additionally, it also allows the operator to carry out and offer services
related to iGaming including aggregators, software providers, and platform operators. 

The entities that evaluate our ongoing compliance
are the Master License holder and the Curacao Gaming Control Board. There is no set standard, to date, to quantify sanctions. These are
reviewed on an individual basis. The framework to suspend a sublicense is based on the severity of the infraction, and include, not paying
licensing fees, not adhering to policies or resolving customer issues, and not keeping required know your customer procedures
up to date. Where direct violations of the sublicense agreement pertain to the compliance with the Master License, suspensions would be
enforced until the sublicense holder has submitted all needed information or documents as requested by the Master License holder or the
Curacao Gaming Board. In addition, any customer complaints that are not resolved could result in a suspension of our sublicense depending
on the severity of the issue. Finally, marketing or accepting players from prohibited countries could result in an immediate suspension
of our sublicense. In such case, we would need to show that IP geo blocking of the countries has been implemented and measures put in
place to ensure we are not accepting customers from said country moving forward. 

Responsible and Safer Gaming 

We view the safety and
welfare of our users as critical to our business and have made appropriate investments in our processes and systems. We are committed
to industry-leading responsible gaming practices and seek to provide our users with the resources and services they need to play responsibly. 

Legal Proceedings 

While we are not presently
party to any active legal proceedings or claims that we believe will have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition
or operating results, from time to time, we may become involved in legal proceedings in the ordinary course of business. 

9 

Corporate Structure 

Esports Technologies, Inc. was formed in Nevada
in September of 2020 and currently has wholly-owned subsidiaries in Ireland, Malta, Gibraltar, Israel, Belize and Cyprus. 

Available Information 

Our Internet address is esportstechnologies.com .
On this website, we post the following filings as soon as reasonably practicable after they are electronically filed with or furnished
to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ): our Annual Reports on Form 10-K; our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q;
our Current Reports on Form 8-K; our proxy statements related to our annual stockholders meetings; and any amendments to those
reports or statements. All such filings are available on our website free of charge. The charters of our audit, nominating and governance
and compensation committees and our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics Policy are also available on our website and in print to any stockholder
who requests them. The content on our website is not incorporated by reference into this Form 10-K unless expressly noted. 

Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors. 

An investment in our securities involves a high
degree of risk. You should consider carefully all of the material risks described below, together with the other information contained
in this Form 10-K. If any of the following events occur, our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows may be
materially adversely affected. 

Risks Related to the Company s Business,
Operations and Industry 

Our completed acquisition of the Aspire
assets remains subject to integration risks. 

On November 29, 2021,
we completed our acquisition of Aspire s portfolio of B2C proprietary online casino and sportsbook brands, including Karamba, Hopa,
Griffon Casino, BetTarget, Dansk777, and GenerationVIP. 

Successful integration of
Aspire s operations and personnel into our existing business places an additional burden on management and other internal resources.
The diversion of management s attention and any difficulties encountered in the transition and integration process could harm our
business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

Furthermore, the overall
integration of the businesses may result in material unanticipated problems, expenses, liabilities, competitive responses, and loss of
customers and other relationships. The difficulties of combining the operations of the companies include, among others, difficulties in
conforming procedures, other policies, business cultures and compensation structures; assimilating employees, keeping existing customers
and obtaining new customers. Our failure to meet the challenges involved in continuing to integrate the operations of these new assets
or to otherwise realize any of the anticipated benefits of the acquisition could adversely impair our business and operations. 

We are party to a Credit Agreement which
contains restrictive covenants, and if we are unable to comply with these covenants then the lender could declare an event of default
wherein we may need to immediately repay the amounts due under the Credit Agreement. 

On November 29, 2021,
we entered into a Credit Agreement with CP BF Lending, LLC to finance the acquisition of the Aspire assets that we purchased on the same
date, via a term loan in the maximum principal amount of 30.0 million with a maturity of 36 months. The Credit Agreement imposes various
restrictions and contains customary affirmative and restrictive covenants, including, without limitation, certain reporting obligations
and certain limitations on restricted payments; and limitations on liens, encumbrances and indebtedness. In addition, borrowings under
the Credit Agreement are secured by a first priority lien on our assets. If we fail to comply with the covenants or payments specified
in the Credit Agreement, the lender could declare an event of default, which would give it the right to declare all borrowings outstanding,
together with accrued and unpaid interest and fees, to be immediately due and payable. The amount of our outstanding indebtedness could
have an adverse effect on our operations and liquidity, including by, among other things: (i) making it more difficult for us to pay or
refinance our debts as they become due during adverse economic and industry conditions, because we may not have sufficient cash flows
to make our scheduled debt payments; (ii) causing us to use a larger portion of our cash flows to fund interest and principal payments,
thereby reducing the availability of cash to fund working capital, capital expenditures and other business activities; (iii) making it
more difficult for us to take advantage of significant business opportunities, such as acquisition opportunities or other strategic transactions,
and to react to changes in market or industry conditions; and (iv) limiting our ability to borrow additional monies in the future to fund
the activities and expenditures described above and for other general corporate purposes as and when needed, which could force us to suspend,
delay or curtail business prospects, strategies or operations. 

10 

The COVID-19 pandemic and the efforts
to mitigate its impact may have an adverse effect on our business, liquidity, results of operations, financial condition and price of
our securities. 

The pandemic involving the novel strain of coronavirus,
or COVID-19, and the measures taken to combat it, may have certain and adverse effects on our business. Public health authorities and
governments at local, national and international levels have implemented various measures to respond to this pandemic. Some measures that
directly or indirectly impact our business include: 

voluntary or mandatory quarantines; 

restrictions on travel; and 

limiting gatherings of people in public places. 

While we are primarily an online business, such
factors could nonetheless have a negative effect on our business and our ability to effectively and efficiently run our business. During
the COVID-19 pandemic, we have undertaken certain measures in an effort to mitigate the spread of COVID-19, including, having our employees
work remotely where possible, which may make maintaining our corporate operations, quality controls and internal controls difficult. Moreover,
the COVID-19 pandemic and mitigation efforts may also adversely affect our customers financial condition, which could result in
reduced spending and reduced use of our online gaming platform. 

As events are rapidly changing, we do not know
how long the COVID-19 pandemic and the measures that have been introduced to respond to it will disrupt our operations or the full extent
of that disruption. We also cannot predict how long the effects of COVID-19 and the efforts to contain it will continue to impact
our business after the pandemic is under control. Governments could take additional restrictive measures to combat the pandemic that could
further impact our business or the economy in the geographies in which we operate. It is also possible that the impact of the pandemic
and response on our customers and markets will persist for some time after governments ease their restrictions. These measures may impact
our business and financial condition as the responses to control COVID-19 continue. 

We are an early development stage company with a limited operating
history and a history of losses. 

Although our predecessor has been in business since
2016, during our predecessor s existence substantially all of our efforts were focused on developing our technology and intellectual
property and operating our first generation website. As a result, we have generated extremely limited revenues and have incurred an accumulated
deficit of approximately 16.6 million as of September 30, 2021. There can be no assurance that we will ever generate meaningful revenues
or be profitable. If we cannot achieve our business objectives, investors in our shares will likely suffer a loss of their entire investment. 

We have a new business model, which makes it difficult for us
to forecast our financial results, creates uncertainty as to how investors will evaluate our prospects, and increases the risk that we
will not be successful. 

We have a new business model and are in the process
of developing new offerings, including an updated sports betting technology platform. Accordingly, it will be difficult for us to forecast
our future financial results, and it is uncertain how our new business model will affect investors perceptions and expectations
with respect to our business and economic prospects. Additionally, our new business model may not be successful. Consequently, you should
not rely upon any past financial results as indicators of our future financial performance. 

11 

Our current and future online offerings are part of new and evolving
industries, presenting significant uncertainty and business risks. 

The online gaming and interactive entertainment
industry is relatively new and continuing to evolve. Whether these industries grow and whether our online business will ultimately succeed,
will be affected by, among other things, developments in gaming platforms, legal and regulatory developments (such as the passage of new
laws or regulations or the extension of existing laws or regulations to online gaming activities), taxation of gaming activities, data
privacy laws and regulation and other factors that we are unable to predict and which are beyond our control. Given the dynamic evolution
of these industries, it can be difficult to plan strategically, and it is possible that competitors will be more successful than us at
adapting to the changing landscape and pursuing business opportunities. Additionally, as the online gaming industry advances, including
with respect to regulation, we may become subject to additional compliance-related costs. Consequently, we are unable to provide assurance
that our online and interactive offerings will grow at anticipated rates or be successful in the long term. 

We have a limited operating history and we expect a number of
factors will cause our operating results to fluctuate on an annual basis, which may make it difficult to predict our future performance. 

We are an esports gambling platform with a limited
operating history. Consequently, any predictions made about our future success or viability may not be as accurate as they could be if
we had a longer operating history. We anticipate that our operating results will significantly fluctuate from quarter to quarter and year
to year due to a variety of factors, many of which are beyond our control. In particular, you should consider that we cannot provide assurance
that we will be able to: 

successfully develop and introduce our updated website; 

maintain our management team; 

raise sufficient funds in the capital markets to effectuate our business plan; 

attract, enter into or maintain contracts with, and retain customers; and/or 

compete effectively in the extremely competitive environment in which we operate. 

These factors are our best estimates of possible
factors that will affect our future operating results, however, they should not be considered a complete recitation of possible factors
that could affect the Company. In addition, we do not know how the economic and societal impact of the ongoing COVID-19 global pandemic
may negatively affect our current and future operations and development. Accordingly, the results of any historical quarterly or annual
periods should not be relied upon as indications of future operating performance. 

We will require substantial additional funding, which may not
be available to us on acceptable terms, or at all, and, if not so available, may require us to delay, limit, reduce or cease our operations. 

To date, we have relied primarily on equity financing
to carry on our business. We have limited financial resources, no operating cash flow and no assurance that sufficient funding will be
available to us to fund our operating expenses and to further develop our business. We expect the net proceeds from this offering, along
with our current cash position, will enable us to fund our operating expenses and capital expenditure requirements for at least the next
twelve months. Thereafter, unless we achieve profitability, we anticipate that we will need to raise additional capital to fund our operations
while we implement and execute our business plan. We currently do not have any contracts or commitments for additional financing. In addition,
any additional equity financing may involve substantial dilution to our existing shareholders. There can be no assurance that such additional
capital will be available on a timely basis or on terms that will be acceptable to us. Failure to obtain such additional financing could
result in delay or indefinite postponement of operations or the further development of our business with the possible loss of such properties
or assets. If adequate funds are not available or are not available on acceptable terms, we may not be able to fund our business or the
expansion thereof, take advantage of strategic acquisitions or investment opportunities or respond to competitive pressures. Such inability
to obtain additional financing when needed could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flow, financial
condition and prospects. 

12 

We conduct our operations outside the United
States and that exposes us to foreign currency transaction and translation risks. As a result, changes in the valuation of the U.S. dollar
in relation to other currencies, primarily the Euro, could have positive or negative effects on our profit and financial position. 

Our global operations are
likely to expose us to foreign currency transaction and translation risks. Our functional currency is the U.S. dollar, and as a result,
we will be subject to foreign currency fluctuation as all of our revenues, and a significant majority of our operating expenses will not
be denominated in the U.S. dollar. We are not licensed in the United States, so we do not have revenues denominated in U.S. dollars. A
decrease in the value of non-U.S. dollar currencies, primarily the Euro, against the U.S. dollar could impact our ability to repay our
U.S. dollar denominated liabilities, including our term Debt. These risks related to exchange rate fluctuations may increase in future
periods as our operations outside of the United States expand. 

We rely on information
technology and other systems and services provided by third parties, primarily by Aspire Global plc, and any failures, errors, defects
or disruptions in these systems or services could diminish our brand and reputation, subject us to liability, disrupt our business and
adversely affect our operating results and growth prospects. The third-party platforms upon which these systems and software are made
available could contain undetected errors. 

Our technology infrastructure is critical to the
performance of our offerings and to user satisfaction. As part of the Acquisition, we entered into an Operator Services Agreement with
Aspire for the following four years, which requires Aspire to provide key licensing and operational services in each jurisdiction where
Aspire is licensed and operational. However, the systems provided by Aspire, on which we rely, may not be adequately designed with the
necessary reliability and redundancy to avoid performance delays or outages that could be harmful to our business. We cannot assure you
that the measures we take, in connection with Aspire, to prevent or hinder cyber-attacks and protect our systems, data and user information
and to prevent outages, data or information loss, fraud and to prevent or detect security breaches, including a disaster recovery strategy
for server and equipment failure and back-office systems and the use of third parties for certain cybersecurity services, will provide
absolute security. We have experienced, and we may in the future experience, website disruptions, outages and other performance problems
due to a variety of factors, including infrastructure changes, human or software errors and capacity constraints. Such disruptions have
not had a material impact on us; however, future disruptions from unauthorized access to, fraudulent manipulation of, or tampering with
our computer systems and technological infrastructure, or those of third parties, could result in a wide range of negative outcomes, each
of which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

Additionally,
our products or products provided by Aspire, may contain errors, bugs, flaws or corrupted data, and these defects may only become apparent
after their launch. If a particular product offering is unavailable when users attempt to access it or navigation through our offerings
is slower than they expect, users may be unable to place their bets or set their line-ups in time and may be less likely to return to
our products and services as often, if at all. Furthermore, programming errors, defects and data corruption could disrupt our operations,
adversely affect the experience of our users, harm our reputation, cause our users to stop utilizing our offerings, divert our resources
and delay market acceptance of our offerings, any of which could result in legal liability to us or harm our business, financial condition,
results of operations and prospects. 

We
believe that if our users have a negative experience with our offerings, or if our brand or reputation is negatively affected, users may
be less inclined to continue or resume utilizing our products or to recommend our offerings to other potential users. As such, a failure
or significant interruption in our service could harm our reputation, business and operating results. 

13 

The esports betting industry is new and evolving, which makes
the establishment of odds for esports matches more difficult than traditional sports betting and which exposes us to potentially greater
risks than competitors that focus solely on traditional sports wagering. 

The esports betting industry is new and evolving.
Unlike traditional sports odds-making that is well established, establishing odds for esports matches is more difficult as the data required
to generate the odds is significantly more limited due to the general newness of the industry. As such, we believe there may be greater
volatility in betting esports matches, as compared to traditional sports, which may cause greater volatility in our business. In connection
with the initial rollout of our updated site, we are currently dependent on UltraPlay to provide odds. Our long-term strategy is to differentiate
ourselves in the esports gaming industry by developing our own intellectual property in the form of new esports predictive gaming models,
which we believe will help us establish better odds than are currently available in the industry. However, we can provide no assurance
that we will be successful in creating esports predictive gaming models that are superior to current odds providers. Furthermore, even
if we are able to create such a model, we can provide no assurance that esports betting will not remain more volatile than traditional
sports betting. 

We rely on other third-party data providers for real-time and
accurate data for events, and we cannot guarantee that such third parties will perform adequately or will not terminate their relationships
with us. 

We currently rely on third-party data providers
to obtain accurate information regarding schedules, results, performance and outcomes of events. We rely on this data to determine when
and how bets are settled. If we experience errors or delays in receiving this data, it may result in us incorrectly settling bets. If
we cannot adequately resolve the issue with our users, our users may have a negative experience with our offerings, our brand or reputation
may be negatively affected, and our users may be less inclined to continue or resume utilizing our products or recommend our platform
to other potential users. 

Our success in the competitive gaming and interactive entertainment
industries depends on our ability to develop and manage frequent introductions of innovative products and operate within the guidelines
of the content owners (publishers) in order to attract and retain users. 

The online gaming and interactive entertainment
industries are characterized by dynamic customer demand and technological advances. As a result, we must continually introduce and successfully
market new technologies in order to remain competitive and effectively stimulate customer demand. The process of developing new products
and systems is inherently complex and uncertain. It requires accurate anticipation of changing customer needs and end user preferences
as well as emerging technological trends. If our competitors develop new content and technologically innovative products, and we fail
to keep pace, our business could be adversely affected. Additionally, the introduction of products embodying new technology and the emergence
of new industry standards can render our existing offerings obsolete and unmarketable. To remain competitive, we must invest resources
towards research and development efforts to introduce new and innovative products with dynamic features to attract new customers and retain
existing customers. If we fail to accurately anticipate customer needs and end-user preferences through the development of new products
and technologies, we could lose business to our competitors, which would adversely affect our results of operations and financial position. 

We can provide no assurance that we will successfully
develop new products or enhance and improve our existing products, that new products and enhanced and improved existing products will
achieve market acceptance or that the introduction of new products or enhanced existing products by others will not render our products
obsolete. Dynamic customer demand and technological advances often demand high levels of research and development expenditures in order
to meet accelerated product introductions, and the life cycles of certain products may be short, which could adversely affect our operating
results. In some cases, our new products and solutions may require long development and testing periods and may not be introduced in a
timely manner or may not achieve the broad market acceptance necessary to generate significant revenue. Our inability to develop solutions
that meet customer needs and compete successfully against competitors offerings could have a material adverse effect on our business,
financial condition and results of operations. 

14 

Reductions in discretionary consumer spending could have an adverse
effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

The demand for entertainment and leisure activities
tends to be highly sensitive to changes in consumers disposable income, and thus can be affected by changes in the economy and
consumer tastes, both of which are difficult to predict and beyond our control. Unfavorable changes in general economic conditions, including
recessions, economic slowdown, and sustained high levels of unemployment may reduce customers disposable income or result in fewer
individuals engaging in entertainment and leisure activities, including gambling. As a result, we cannot ensure that demand for our products
or services will remain constant. Continued or renewed adverse developments affecting economies throughout the world, including a general
tightening of availability of credit, decreased liquidity in many financial markets, increasing interest rates, increasing energy costs,
acts of war or terrorism, natural disasters, declining consumer confidence, sustained high levels of unemployment or significant declines
in stock markets, could lead to a further reduction in discretionary spending on leisure activities, such as gambling. Any significant
or prolonged decrease in consumer spending on entertainment or leisure activities could reduce our online games, reducing our cash flows
and revenues. If we experience a significant unexpected decrease in demand for our products, we could incur losses. 

Negative events or negative media coverage relating to, or a
declining popularity of, daily fantasy sports, sports betting, the underlying sports or athletes, online sports betting or esports in
particular, could have an adverse impact on our business. 

Public opinion can significantly influence our
business. Unfavorable publicity regarding us, for example, changes to our product, product quality, litigation, or regulatory activity,
or regarding the actions of third parties with whom we have relationships or the underlying sports or esports could seriously harm our
reputation. Negative public perception could also lead to new restrictions on or to the prohibition of esports or sports betting in jurisdictions
in which we currently operate. Such negative publicity could also adversely affect the size, demographics, engagement, and loyalty of
our customer base and result in decreased revenue or slower user growth rates, which could seriously harm our business. 

Public opinion can also exert a significant influence
over the regulation of the gaming industry. A negative shift in the public s perception of gaming could affect future legislation
in different jurisdictions. Among other things, such a shift could cause jurisdictions to abandon proposals to legalize gaming, thereby
limiting the number of new jurisdictions into which we could expand. Negative public perception could also lead to new restrictions on
or to the prohibition of gaming in jurisdictions in which we currently operate. 

We face competition from other companies and our operating results
will suffer if we fail to compete effectively. 

There is intense competition amongst gaming solution
providers. There are a number of established, well financed companies producing both land-based and online gaming and interactive entertainment
products and systems that compete with the products of the Company. As most of our competitors have financial resources that are greater
than us, they may spend more money and time on developing and testing products, undertake more extensive marketing campaigns, adopt more
aggressive pricing policies or otherwise develop more commercially successful products than us, which could impact our ability to win
new marketing contracts. Furthermore, new competitors may enter our key market areas. If we are unable to obtain significant market presence
or if we lose market share to our competitors, our results of operations and future prospects would be materially adversely affected.
There are many companies with already established relationships with third parties, including gaming operators that are able to introduce
directly competitive products and have the potential and resources to quickly develop competitive technologies. Our success depends on
our ability to develop new products and enhance existing products. 

15 

We rely on third-party payment processors to process deposits
and withdrawals made by our users into the platform, and if we cannot manage our relationships with such third parties or other payment-related
risks occur (such as risks associated with the fraudulent use of credit or debit cards, which could have adverse effects on our business
due to chargebacks from customers), our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. 

We allow funding and payments to accounts using
a variety of methods, including electronic funds transfer EFT ), and credit and debit cards. As we continue to introduce
new funding or payment options to our players, we may be subject to additional regulatory and compliance requirements. We also may be
subject to the risk of fraudulent use of credit or debit cards, or other funding and/or payment options. For certain funding or payment
options, including credit and debit cards, we may pay interchange and other fees which may increase over time and, therefore, raise operating
costs and reduce profitability. We rely on third parties to provide payment-processing services and it could disrupt our business if these
companies become unwilling or unable to provide these services to us. We have had difficulty accessing the service of banks, credit card
issuers and payment processing services providers in the past, which may make it difficult to sell and collect on the sales of our products
and services. We are also subject to rules and requirements governing EFT which could change or be reinterpreted to make it difficult
or impossible for us to comply. If we fail to comply with these rules or requirements, we may be subject to fines and higher transaction
fees or possibly lose our ability to accept credit or debit cards, or other forms of payment from customers which could have a material
adverse impact on our business. 

Chargebacks occur when customers seek to void credit
card or other payment transactions. Cardholders are intended to be able to reverse card transactions only if there has been unauthorized
use of the card or the services contracted for have not been provided. In our industry, customers occasionally seek to reverse online
gaming losses through chargebacks, which have adverse effects on our business or results of operations. 

We rely on licenses to use the intellectual property rights of
third parties which are incorporated into our products and services, and our failure to renew or expand existing licenses may require
us to modify, limit or discontinue certain offerings. 

A significant portion of our revenues may be generated
from products using intellectual property we license from third parties. For example, we license intellectual property from third parties
for use in our gaming products. Our future success may depend upon our ability to obtain licenses to use new and existing intellectual
property and our ability to retain or expand existing licenses for certain products. If we are unable to obtain new licenses or renew
or expand existing licenses, our operating results would be negatively impacted if we were unsuccessful in licensing certain of those
rights and/or protecting those rights from infringement, including losses of proprietary information from breaches of our cyber security
efforts. 

We rely on information technology and other systems and platforms
(including with respect to validating the identity and location of our users), and any failures, errors, defects or disruptions in our
and third-party systems or platforms could diminish our brand and reputation, subject us to liability, disrupt our business, and adversely
affect our operating results and growth prospects. 

Our business depends upon the capacity, reliability
and security of the infrastructure owned by third parties over which our offerings are deployed. We have no control over the operation,
quality or maintenance of a significant portion of that infrastructure or whether or not those third parties will upgrade or improve their
equipment. If one or more of these companies is unable or unwilling to supply or expand our levels of service in the future, our operations
could be adversely impacted. Also, to the extent the number of users of networks utilizing our future products and services suddenly increases,
the technology platform and secure hosting services which will be required to accommodate a higher volume of traffic may result in slower
response times or service interruptions. System interruptions or increases in response time could result in a loss of potential or existing
users and, if sustained or repeated, could reduce the appeal of the networks to users. In addition, users depend on real-time communications;
outages caused by increased traffic could result in delays and system failures. These types of occurrences could cause users to perceive
that our products and services do not function properly and could therefore adversely affect our ability to attract and retain licensees,
strategic partners and customers. 

16 

Information technology and infrastructure may be vulnerable to
attacks by hackers or breached due to employee error, malfeasance or other disruptions. 

We receive, process, store and use personal information
and other customer data. There are numerous federal, state and local laws regarding privacy and the storing, sharing, use, processing,
disclosure and protection of personal information and other data. Any failure or perceived failure by us to comply with our privacy policies,
our privacy-related obligations to customers or other third parties, or our privacy-related legal obligations, or any compromise of security
that results in the unauthorized release or transfer of personally identifiable information or other player data, may result in governmental
enforcement actions, litigation or public statements against us by consumer advocacy groups or others and could cause our customers to
lose trust in us which could have an adverse impact on our business. The costs of compliance with these types of laws may increase in
the future as a result of changes in interpretation or changes in law. Any failure on our part to comply with these types of laws may
subject us to significant liabilities. 

Third parties we work with may violate applicable
laws or our policies, and such violations may also put our customers information at risk and could in turn have an adverse impact
on our business. We will also be subject to payment card association rules and obligations under each association s contracts with
payment card processors. Under these rules and obligations, if information is compromised, we could be liable to payment card issuers
for the associated expense and penalties. If we fail to follow payment card industry security standards, even if no customer information
is compromised, we could incur significant fines or experience a significant increase in payment card transaction costs. 

Security breaches, computer malware and computer
hacking attacks have become more prevalent. Any security breach caused by hacking which involves efforts to gain unauthorized access to
information or systems, or to cause intentional malfunctions or loss or corruption of data, software, hardware or other computer equipment,
and the inadvertent transmission of computer viruses could harm our business. Though it is difficult to determine what harm may directly
result from any specific interruption or breach, any failure to maintain performance, reliability, security and availability of our network
infrastructure to the satisfaction of our players may harm our reputation and our ability to retain existing players and attract new players. 

Because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized
access, disable or degrade service, or sabotage systems, change frequently and often are not recognized until launched against a target,
we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or to implement adequate preventative measures. 

We are subject to risks related to holding cryptocurrencies and
accepting cryptocurrencies as a form of payment. 

We have in the past, and may in the future, accept
bitcoin or other cryptocurrencies from our customers as a form of deposit on our platform. 

Cryptocurrencies are not considered legal tender
or backed by any government and have experienced price volatility, technological glitches and various law enforcement and regulatory interventions.
The use of cryptocurrency such as bitcoin has been prohibited or effectively prohibited in some countries. If we fail to comply with any
such prohibitions that may be applicable to us, we could face regulatory or other enforcement actions and potential fines and other consequences. 

Cryptocurrencies have in the past and may in the
future experience periods of extreme volatility. Fluctuations in the value of any cryptocurrencies that we hold may also lead to fluctuations
in the value of our common stock. In addition, there is substantial uncertainty regarding the future legal and regulatory requirements
relating to cryptocurrency or transactions utilizing cryptocurrency. For instance, governments may in the near future curtail or outlaw
the acquisition, use or redemption of cryptocurrencies. In such case, ownership of, holding or trading in cryptocurrencies may then be
considered illegal and subject to sanction. These uncertainties, as well as future accounting and tax developments, or other requirements
relating to cryptocurrency, could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

17 

Our business depends substantially on the continuing efforts
of our executive officers and our business may be severely disrupted if we lose their services. 

Our future success depends substantially on the
continued services of our executive officers, especially our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Aaron Speach, and our Chief Operating
Officer, Bart Barden. We do not presently maintain key man life insurance on any of our executive officers and directors. If one or more
of our executive officers are unable or unwilling to continue in their present positions, we may not be able to replace them readily,
if at all. The loss of any of our executive officers could cause our business to be disrupted, and we may incur additional and unforeseen
expenses to recruit and retain new officers. 

Risks Related to the Company s Legal and Regulatory Requirements 

Our current operations are dependent on our ability to comply
with our own gaming license and market access rights secured with the Aspire acquisition, and if we do not retain these rights we will
not be able to operate. 

Our Curacao gaming license is a sublicense of a
master license a The Curacao Ministry of Justice has only granted four online gaming Master Licenses. Our license is a sublicense from
one of the four master license holders, Gaming Services Provider N.V. #365/JAZ. The Curacao Ministry of Justice allows an applicant for
a sublicense from a Master License holder to operate under the master license holder s license, so long as they meet certain operating
and compliance criteria. These criteria must be met at the stage of application as well as on an ongoing basis. As such, so long as we
maintain the requisite criteria for holding the sublicense, as a sublicensee we can enjoy the same privileges and rights that the Master
License holder has, but without the ability to issue licenses. 

All of our operations are conducted pursuant to
the foregoing sublicense. If we are unable to maintain our gaming licenses for any reason, we would be unable to conduct any gaming business
and our business would be materially harmed. 

In addition, under our gaming license, we can accept
wagers from residents of a limited number of jurisdictions, primarily in parts of Asia and South America. In order to expand our operations
in the future, particularly into the United States and many European countries, we will need to obtain gaming licenses in such jurisdictions
or partner with companies already operating in such jurisdictions. We can provide no assurance that we will be able to maintain our current
gaming license or obtain future gaming licenses. 

The acquisition of the Aspire B2C business included
sublicenses to allow us to operate in several western European Markets. We are required to comply with requirements of each of these licenses
to maintain market access. If we fail to comply with the various regulations, we may be unable to conduct any gaming business in that
jurisdiction and our business would be materially harmed. 

We cannot be certain that our platform will maintain regulatory
approval, and without regulatory approval we will not be able to market and grow our business around the world. 

Any license, permit, approval or finding of suitability
may be revoked, suspended or conditioned at any time. The loss of a license in one jurisdiction could trigger the loss of a license or
affect our eligibility for a license in another jurisdiction. We may be unable to obtain or maintain all necessary registrations, licenses,
permits or approvals, and could incur fines or experience delays related to the licensing process which could adversely affect our operations.
A gaming regulatory body may refuse to issue or renew a registration. 

We currently block direct access to wagering on
our website from the United States and other jurisdictions in which we do not have license to operate through IP address filtering. Individuals
are required to enter their age upon gaining access to our platform. Despite all such measures, it is conceivable that that a user, underage,
or otherwise could devise a way to evade our blocking measures and access our website from the United States or any other foreign jurisdiction
in which we are not currently permitted to operate. 

Violations of laws in one jurisdiction could result
in disciplinary action in other jurisdictions. Licenses, approvals or findings of suitability may be revoked, suspended or conditioned.
In sum, we may not be able to obtain or maintain all necessary registrations, licenses, permits or approvals. The licensing process may
result in delays or adversely affect our operations and our ability to maintain key personnel, and our efforts to comply with any new
licensing regulations will increase our costs. 

18 

If our trading platform, which is in development, is deemed to
be a secondary exchange or alternative trading platform, we will likely be required to terminate such platform, which will adversely affect
our financial condition and future business strategy. 

We intend to build a trading platform which will
allow for more of a business-to-business experience by matching up larger volume betting and position asks across businesses operating
in the esports wagering space. When the platform is introduced, we will seek to have other wagering sites as customers or users of the
platform. If a wagering site had a position in a particular esports event for which it wished to reduce its exposure, the site would seek
to take (or request) a matching wager on the platform and another customer or user of the platform could choose to accept such wager.
By doing so, the initial wagering site would reduce its overall exposure to the esports event. We currently expect that we would receive
a fee on each matched transaction. At this time, the size of the fee is unknown, but would likely be relative to the size of the wager. 

We do not believe such a platform would be considered
to be a marketplace for securities or that it would be considered to be a secondary exchange or alternative trading platform
in the jurisdictions in which we intend to operate, which would expose us to significant and costly regulation in such jurisdictions.
However, as platforms of this nature are new and evolving, we can provide no assurance that one or more jurisdictions would not deem our
platform to be a secondary exchange or alternative trading platform. Such a determination would subject us to significant regulations
and costs, and would likely result in our being unable to operate the platform in those jurisdictions. In addition, to the extent we have
not complied with any laws, rules, and regulations, we could be subject to significant fines, revocation of licenses, limitations on our
products and services, reputational harm, and other regulatory consequences, each of which may be significant and could adversely affect
our business, operating results, and financial condition. If we were required to cease the use of our platform, we would have expended
material costs and expenses for a product that we could not utilize and our business would be materially harmed. 

We are subject to various laws relating to foreign corrupt practices,
the violation of which could adversely affect its operations, reputation, business, prospects, operating results and financial condition. 

We are subject to risks associated with doing business
outside of the United States, including exposure to complex foreign and U.S. regulations such as the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (the
 FCPA and other anti-corruption laws which generally prohibit U.S. companies and their intermediaries from making improper
payments to foreign officials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business. Violations of the FCPA and other anti-corruption laws
may result in severe criminal and civil sanctions and other penalties. It may be difficult to oversee the conduct of any contractors,
third-party partners, representatives or agents who are not our employees, potentially exposing us to greater risk from their actions.
If our employees or agents fail to comply with applicable laws or company policies governing our international operations, we may face
legal proceedings and actions which could result in civil penalties, administration actions and criminal sanctions. Any determination
that we have violated any anti-corruption laws could have a material adverse impact on our business. 

Violations of these laws and regulations could
result in significant fines, criminal sanctions against us, our officers or our employees. Additionally, any such violations could materially
damage our reputation, brand, international expansion efforts, ability to attract and retain employees and our business, prospects, operating
results and financial condition. 

Historically, we have dealt with significant amounts
of cash in our operations, which have subjected us to various reporting and anti-money laundering regulations. Any violation of anti-money
laundering laws or regulations by us could have a material adverse impact on our business. 

19 

Our growth prospects depend on a variety of U.S. and foreign
laws, many of which are unsettled and still developing with respect to the legal status of real-money gaming in various jurisdictions,
regulatory restrictions and/or taxes which could subject us to claims or otherwise harm our business. 

If a large number of U.S. states or the federal
government enact online real money gaming legislation and we are unable to obtain the necessary licenses to operate online real money
gaming websites in the United States jurisdictions where such games are legalized, our future growth in real money gaming could be materially
impaired. 

States or the federal government may legalize online
real money gaming in a manner that is unfavorable to us. Several states and the federal government are considering draft laws that require
online casinos to also have a license to operate a brick-and mortar casino, either directly or indirectly through an affiliate. If state
jurisdictions enact legislation legalizing online real money casino gaming subject to this brick-and-mortar requirement, we may be unable
to offer online real money gaming in such jurisdictions if we are unable to establish an affiliation with a brick-and-mortar casino in
such jurisdiction on acceptable terms. 

In the online real money gaming industry, a significant
 first mover advantage exists. Our ability to compete effectively in respect of a particular style of online real money gaming
in the United States may be premised on introducing a style of gaming before our competitors. Failing to do so could materially impair
our ability to grow in the online real money gaming space. 

Failure to protect or enforce our intellectual property rights
or the costs involved in such enforcement could harm our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

We may from time to time seek to enforce our intellectual
property rights against infringers when we determine that a successful outcome is probable and may lead to an increase in the value of
the intellectual property. If we choose to enforce our intellectual property rights against a party, then that individual or company has
the right to ask the court to rule that such rights are invalid or should not be enforced. These lawsuits and proceedings are expensive
and would consume time and resources and divert the attention of managerial and operational personnel even if we were successful in stopping
the infringement of such rights. In addition, there is a risk that the court will decide that such rights are not valid and that we do
not have the right to stop the other party from using the inventions. 

Further, our competitors have been granted patents
protecting various gaming products and solutions. If our products and solutions employ these processes, or other subject matter that is
claimed under our competitors patents, or if other companies obtain patents claiming subject matter that we use, those companies
may bring infringement actions against us. The question of whether a product infringes a patent involves complex legal and factual issues,
the determination of which is often uncertain. In addition, because patent applications can take many years to issue, there may be applications
now pending of which we are unaware, which might later result in issued patents that our products and solutions may infringe. There can
be no assurance that our products will not be determined to have infringed upon an existing third-party patent. If any of our products
and solutions infringes a valid patent, we may be required to discontinue offering certain products or systems, pay damages, purchase
a license to use the intellectual property in question from its owner, or redesign the product in question to avoid infringement. A license
may not be available or may require us to pay substantial royalties, which could in turn force us to attempt to redesign the infringing
product or to develop alternative technologies at a considerable expense. Additionally, we may not be successful in any attempt to redesign
the infringing product or to develop alternative technologies, which could force us to withdraw our products or services from the market. 

We may also infringe other intellectual property
rights belonging to third parties, such as trademarks, copyrights and confidential information. As with patent litigation, the infringement
of trademarks, copyrights and confidential information involve complex legal and factual issues and our products, branding or associated
marketing materials may be found to have infringed existing third-party rights. When any third-party infringement occurs, we may be required
to stop using the infringing intellectual property rights, pay damages and, if we wish to keep using the third-party intellectual property,
purchase a license or otherwise redesign the product, branding or associated marketing materials to avoid further infringement. Such a
license may not be available or may require us to pay substantial royalties. 

The success of our business depends on our continued
ability to use our tradenames in order to increase our brand awareness. As of the date hereof, we do not have any federally registered
trademarks owned by us, but we may pursue registered trademarks in the future. The unauthorized use or other misappropriation of any of
the foregoing trademarks or tradenames could diminish the value of our business which would have a material adverse effect on our financial
condition and results of operation. 

20 

If we are not able to adequately prevent disclosure of trade
secrets and other proprietary information, the value of our technology and products could be significantly diminished. 

We rely on trade secrets to protect our proprietary
technologies. However, trade secrets are difficult to protect. We rely in part on confidentiality agreements with our employees, consultants,
and other advisors to protect our trade secrets and other proprietary information. These agreements may not effectively prevent disclosure
of confidential information and may not provide an adequate remedy in the event of unauthorized disclosure of confidential information.
In addition, others may independently discover our trade secrets and proprietary information. Costly and time-consuming litigation could
be necessary to enforce and determine the scope of our proprietary rights, and failure to obtain or maintain trade secret protection could
adversely affect our competitive business position. 

Risks Related to Our Common Stock 

Future sales of
shares by existing stockholders could cause our stock price to decline. 

If our existing stockholders, who acquired their
shares of common stock at prices substantially below our current trading price, sell, or indicate an intention to sell, substantial amounts
of our common stock in the public market after the contractual lock-up agreements described below expire and other restrictions on resale
lapse, the trading price of our common stock could be adversely impacted. 

Certain of our initial
stockholders holding an aggregate of 4,428,106 shares and our officers and directors, have agreed not to offer, sell, dispose of or hedge
such shares of our common stock, subject to specified limited exceptions, during the period continuing through the date that is fifteen
months after the date of our IPO, or July 15, 2022. Upon the expiration of the lock-up agreements, all such shares will be eligible for
resale in the public market, subject to applicable securities laws, including the Securities Act. Upon expiration of each of these lock-up
periods or upon the ability to sell shares pursuant to Rule 144, the trading price of our common stock could be adversely impacted if
these stockholders sell, or indicate an intention to sell, substantial amounts of our common stock in the public market. 

Nevada law and provisions in our articles of incorporation and
bylaws could make a takeover proposal more difficult. 

We are a Nevada corporation and the anti-takeover
provisions of the Nevada Revised Statutes may discourage, delay or prevent a change in control by prohibiting us from engaging in a business
combination with an interested stockholder for a period of three years after the person becomes an interested stockholder, even if a change
in control would be beneficial to our existing stockholders. In addition, our articles of incorporation and bylaws may discourage, delay
or prevent a change in our management or control over us that stockholders may consider favorable. Our articles of incorporation and bylaws: 

authorize the issuance of blank check preferred stock that could be issued by our board of directors to thwart a takeover attempt; 

place restrictive requirements (including advance notification of stockholder nominations and proposals) on how special meetings of stockholders may be called by our stockholders; do not provide stockholders with the ability to cumulate their votes; and 

provide that our board of directors may amend our bylaws. 

Additionally, our authorized capital includes preferred
stock issuable in one or more series. Our board has the authority to issue preferred stock and determine the price, designation, rights,
preferences, privileges, restrictions and conditions, including voting and dividend rights, of those shares without any further vote or
action by stockholders. The rights of the holders of common stock will be subject to, and may be adversely affected by, the rights of
holders of any preferred stock that may be issued in the future. The issuance of additional preferred stock, while providing desirable
flexibility in connection with possible financings and acquisitions and other corporate purposes, could make it more difficult for a third
party to acquire a majority of the voting power of our outstanding voting securities, which could deprive our holders of common stock
of a premium that they might otherwise realize in connection with a proposed acquisition of our company. 

21 

Our management team has limited experience managing a public
company and regulatory compliance may divert our attention from the day-to-day management of its business. 

Our management team has limited experience managing
a publicly-traded company and limited experience complying with the increasingly complex laws pertaining to public companies. These obligations
typically require substantial attention from our senior management and could divert our attention away from the day-to-day management
of our business. 

Our current shareholders ownership may be diluted if additional
capital stock is issued to raise capital, to finance acquisitions or in connection with strategic transactions. 

We have in the past and intend in the future to
seek to raise additional funds, finance acquisitions or develop strategic relationships by issuing equity or convertible debt securities,
which would reduce the percentage ownership of our existing stockholders. Our board of directors has the authority, without action or
vote of the stockholders, to issue all or any part of our authorized but unissued shares of common or preferred stock. Our articles of
incorporation authorize us to issue up to 100,000,000 shares of common stock and 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock. Future issuances
of common or preferred stock would reduce your influence over matters on which stockholders vote and would be dilutive to earnings per
share. In addition, any newly issued preferred stock could have rights, preferences and privileges senior to those of the common stock.
Those rights, preferences and privileges could include, among other things, the establishment of dividends that must be paid prior to
declaring or paying dividends or other distributions to holders of our common stock or providing for preferential liquidation rights.
These rights, preferences and privileges could negatively affect the rights of holders of our common stock, and the right to convert such
preferred stock into shares of our common stock at a rate or price that would have a dilutive effect on the outstanding shares of our
common stock. 

As an emerging growth company under the Jumpstart
Our Business Startups Act, or JOBS Act, we are permitted to, and intend to, rely on exemptions from certain disclosure requirements. 

As an emerging growth company under
the JOBS Act, we are permitted to, and intend to, rely on exemptions from certain disclosure requirements. We are an emerging growth company
until the earliest of: 

the last day of the fiscal year during which we have total annual gross revenues of 1 billion or more; 

the last day of the fiscal year following the fifth anniversary of this offering; 

the date on which we have, during the previous 3-year period, issued more than 1 billion in non-convertible debt; or 

the date on which we are deemed a large accelerated issuer as defined under the federal securities laws. 

22 

For so long as we remain an emerging growth company,
we will not be required to: 

have an auditor report on our internal control over financial reporting pursuant to the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002; 

comply with any requirement that may be adopted by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board regarding mandatory audit firm rotation or a supplement to the auditor s report providing additional information about the audit and the financial statements (auditor discussion and analysis); 

submit certain executive compensation matters to shareholders advisory votes pursuant to the say on frequency and say on pay provisions (requiring a non-binding shareholder vote to approve compensation of certain executive officers) and the say on golden parachute provisions (requiring a non-binding shareholder vote to approve golden parachute arrangements for certain executive officers in connection with mergers and certain other business combinations) of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010; 

include detailed compensation discussion and analysis in our filings under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and instead may provide a reduced level of disclosure concerning executive compensation; 

may present only two years of audited financial statements and only two years of related Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, or MD and 

are eligible to claim longer phase-in periods for the adoption of new or revised financial accounting standards under 107 of the JOBS Act. 

We intend to take advantage of all of these reduced
reporting requirements and exemptions. 

Certain of these reduced reporting requirements
and exemptions were already available to us due to the fact that we also qualify as a smaller reporting company under SEC
rules. For instance, smaller reporting companies are not required to obtain an auditor attestation and report regarding management s
assessment of internal control over financial reporting; are not required to provide a compensation discussion and analysis; are not required
to provide a pay-for-performance graph or CEO pay ratio disclosure; and may present only two years of audited financial statements and
related MD A disclosure. 

We cannot predict if investors will find our securities
less attractive due to our reliance on these exemptions. 

Failure to maintain effective internal control over our financial
reporting in accordance with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act could cause our financial reports to be inaccurate. 

We are required pursuant to Section 404 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, or Section 404, to maintain internal control over financial reporting and to assess and report on the effectiveness
of those controls. This assessment includes disclosure of any material weaknesses identified by our management in our internal control
over financial reporting. If we are not able to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting, our financial statements,
including related disclosures, may be inaccurate, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

23 

Failure to continue improving our accounting systems and controls
could impair our ability to comply with the financial reporting and internal controls requirements for publicly traded companies. 

As a public company, we operate in an increasingly
demanding regulatory environment, which requires us to comply with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, and the related rules and regulations
of the SEC. Company responsibilities required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act include establishing corporate oversight and adequate internal
control over financial reporting and disclosure controls and procedures. Effective internal controls are necessary for us to produce reliable
financial reports and are important to help prevent financial fraud. For as long as we remain an emerging growth company 
as defined in the JOBS Act, we have and intend to consider taking advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements
that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not
being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. We may continue to take
advantage of these reporting exemptions until we are no longer an emerging growth company. If we cannot provide reliable
financial reports or prevent fraud, our business and results of operations could be harmed, and investors could lose confidence in our
reported financial information. 

If securities or industry analysts do not publish research or
reports about us, or if they adversely change their recommendations regarding our common stock, then our stock price and trading volume
could decline. 

The trading market for our common stock will be
influenced by the research and reports that industry or securities analysts publish about us, our industry and our market. If no analyst
elects to cover us and publish research or reports about us, the market for our common stock could be severely limited and our stock price
could be adversely affected. As a small-cap company, we are more likely than our larger competitors to lack coverage from securities analysts.
In addition, even if we receive analyst coverage, if one or more analysts ceases coverage of us or fails to regularly publish reports
on us, we could lose visibility in the financial markets, which in turn could cause our stock price or trading volume to decline. If one
or more analysts who elect to cover us issue negative reports or adversely change their recommendations regarding our common stock, our
stock price could decline. 

Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments. 

None. 

Item 2. 
 Properties. 

Our corporate and executive offices are in located
in a leased facility in Las Vegas, Nevada. Our European headquarters is located in a leased facility in Malta. We also have a leased facility
in Dublin, Ireland. We believe our facilities are sufficient to meet our current needs and that suitable space will be available as and
when needed. We do not own any real property. 

Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings. 

From time to time in the ordinary course of our
business, we may be involved in legal proceedings, the outcomes of which may not be determinable. The results of litigation are inherently
unpredictable. Any claims against us, whether meritorious or not, could be time consuming, result in costly litigation, require significant
amounts of management time and result in diversion of significant resources. However, we are currently not a party to any pending legal
actions. We have insurance policies covering any potential losses where such coverage is cost effective. 

We are not at this time involved in any additional
legal proceedings that we believe could have a material effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 

Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures. 

Not applicable. 

24 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 

Our common stock has been listed on the NASDAQ
Capital Market under the symbol EBET since April 15, 2021. 

Holders of Common Equity 

As of December 7, 2021, we had approximately 114
stockholders of record of our common stock. This does not include beneficial owners of our common stock. 

Dividends 

We have never declared or paid any cash dividends
on our capital stock. We currently intend to retain earnings, if any, to finance the growth and development of our business. We do not
expect to pay any cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future. Payment of future dividends, if any, will be at the discretion
of our board of directors and will depend on our financial condition, results of operations, capital requirements, restrictions contained
in any financing instruments, provisions of applicable law and other factors the board deems relevant. 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 

There have been no sales of unregistered securities
during the quarter ended September 30, 2021, that have not been previously disclosed on a Form 8-K. 

Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 

We did not repurchase any of our equity securities
during the year ended September 30, 2021. 

Equity Compensation Plan Information 

See Part III, Item 12 to this Form 10-K for information
relating to securities authorized for issuance under our equity compensation plans. 

Item 6. 
 Selected Financial Data. 

We are a smaller reporting company as defined by
Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information required under this item. 

25 

Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

You should read the following discussion and
analysis of our financial condition and results of operations in conjunction with the financial statements and the related notes appearing
elsewhere in this Form 10-K. This discussion contains forward-looking statements reflecting our current expectations that involve risks
and uncertainties, including those set forth under Cautionary Statement About Forward-Looking Statements. Actual results
and experience could differ materially from the anticipated results and other expectations expressed in our forward-looking statements
as a result of a number of factors, including but not limited to those discussed in this Item and in Item 1A - Risk Factors. 
Actual results and the timing of events could differ materially from those discussed in our forward-looking statements as a result of
many factors, including those set forth under Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Form 10-K. 

Overview 

We develop products and operate platforms to provide a real money online
gambling experience focused on esports and competitive gaming. 

We operate licensed online gambling platforms which
are real money betting platforms. Our mission is to define, shape and drive growth of the current and future esports wagering ecosystem
by providing advanced product, platform and marketing solutions directly to service providers and customers. We accept wagers on major
esports titles including: Counter-Strike: GO, League of Legends, Dota 2, StarCraft 2, Rocket League, Rainbow Six, Warcraft 3, King
of Glory and FIFA ; as well as professional sports including the National Football League, National Basketball Association,
Major League Baseball, soccer and more. 

On November 29, 2021, we acquired the Business
to Consumer (B2C) business of Aspire Global plc Aspire ). The B2C business offers a portfolio of distinctive proprietary
brands focused primarily on igaming, which is online casino and table games such as blackjack, virtual sport computer simulated games
and slot machines, as well as traditional sports betting, in the locations where we are licensed to do so, to a diverse customer base
operating across regulated markets. We acquired the B2C business for 65,000,000 payable as follows: (i) a cash amount of 50,000,000;
(ii) 10,000,000, payable in accordance with the terms of an unsecured subordinated promissory note; and (iii) 186,838 shares of
our common stock, which were valued at 5,000,000. 

26 

Results of Operations for the Year Ended September 30, 2021, compared
to the Year Ended September 30, 2020 

Results of Operations 

Results of operations in dollars
and as a percentage of net revenue were as follows: 

Years Ended September 30, 

2021 
 2020 

Revenue 
 164,807 
 100 
 195,778 
 100 
 
 Cost of revenue 
 (37,744 
 -23 
 (114,564 
 -59 

Gross profit (loss) 
 127,063 
 77 
 81,214 
 41 

Operating expenses: 

Sales and marketing expenses 
 3,221,218 
 1955 
 
 0 
 
 Product and technology expenses 
 3,103,611 
 1883 
 
 0 
 
 Acquisition costs 
 147,616 
 90 
 
 0 
 
 General and administrative expenses 
 7,103,943 
 4310 
 192,160 
 98 
 
 Total operating expenses 
 13,576,388 
 8238 
 192,160 
 98 

Income (loss) from operations 
 (13,449,325 
 -8161 
 (110,946 
 -57 

Other expenses: 

Interest expense 
 (1,704,395 
 -1034 
 (150,376 
 -77 
 
 Foreign currency loss and other 
 (46,304 
 -28 
 (46,154 
 -24 
 
 Loss on debt extinguishment 

(265,779 
 -136 
 
 Total other expense 
 (1,750,699 
 -1062 
 (462,309 
 -236 

Income (loss) before provision for income taxes 
 (15,200,024 
 -9223 
 (573,255 
 -293 
 
 Provision for income taxes 
 
 0 
 
 0 

Net income (loss) 
 (15,200,024 
 -9223 
 (573,255 
 -293 

27 

Year Ended September 30, 2021, compared to September 30, 2020 

Revenue and Gross Profit 

During the year ended September 30, 2021, we generated
 164,807 in revenue and 127,063 in gross profit. For the year ended September 30, 2020, we generated 195,778 in revenue and 81,214
in gross profit. The decrease in revenue in the year ended September 30, 2021, when compared with the same period in the prior year was
primarily driven by the disruption to our business required to launch our improved wagering platform and expanding our payment solutions.
The launch of our improved wagering platform delayed launching our marketing campaign resulting in reduced outreach to new and existing
customers, which resulted in lower revenues. The increase in gross profit in the year ended September 30, 2021, when compared with the
same resulted from a modified contractual relationship with our new wagering platform requiring the costs of the platform to be recorded
in product and technology expense. 

Sales and Marketing Expense 

Sales and marketing expense was 3,221,218 for
the year ended September 30, 2021, an increase from zero in the same period in the prior year. This increase was a result of adding marketing
staff of approximately 0.4 million to prepare for our outreach campaign related to our new wagering products and services, 1.1 million
of stock-based compensation costs to employees and consultants, licensing of software and external consultants of 1.7 million and the
initial roll out of our marketing campaigns focused primarily on our free to play game. We expect sales and marketing expenses to increase
in future periods as our marketing campaigns increase in both number and volume. 

Product and Technology Expense 

Product and technology expense was 3,103,611 for
the year ended September 30, 2021, as compared to zero for the same period in the prior year. The increase is due to increased hiring
of both employees and consultants focused on expanding our product offerings. Product and technology expenses for the year ended September
30, 2021, included payroll-related costs of 1.6 million, stock-based compensation of 0.6 million and other development costs of 0.9
million consisting primarily of consulting and other development costs. 

General and Administrative Expense 

General and administrative expense was 7,103,943
for the year ended September 30, 2021, as compared to 192,160 for the same period in the prior year. General and administrative expense
included payroll-related costs of 1.6 million, 2.4 million of stock-based compensation cost (of which 1.5 million was to outside consultants),
and professional fees of approximately 1.9 million. 

Interest and Other Expenses 

During
the year ended September 30, 2021, we recognized interest expense of 1,704,395 ,
which included amortization of debt discount of 1.5 million related to the convertible debt issued to acquire certain intangible assets
consisting of acquired domain names. We also incurred a foreign currency loss of 46,304. 

Net Income/Loss 

Net loss for the year ended September 30, 2021,
was 15,200,024 compared to a net loss of 573,255 for the same period in the prior year. The increase in net loss was primarily due to
the significant in increase in general and administrative expenses of 6.9 million, an increase in product and technology expenses of
 3.1 million and a increase in our Sales and Marketing costs of 3.2 million as we expand our business and develop new products and services.
The increase in interest expense of 1.5 million also contributed to the increase in net loss. 

28 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

On September 30, 2021, we had cash and cash equivalents
of 9,064,859, and had working capital of 7,997,241. We have historically funded our operations from proceeds from debt and equity sales,
and funds received from customers. 

During October and November 2020, we completed
a private placement of 2,000,000 shares of our common stock for gross proceeds of 4.0 million. 

During January and February 2021, we completed
a private placement of 250,014 shares of our common stock at 3.00 per share for gross proceeds of 0.75 million. 

In April 2021, the Company completed its IPO and
issued 2,400,000 shares of common stock for gross cash proceeds of 14,400,000. The Company paid underwriting fees and other expenses
of 885,800 and issued 168,000 warrants to purchase shares of common stock at a price of 7.20 per share for a period of five years. 

Acquisition of Aspire Global Business to Consumer B2C Business 

In order to accelerate the growth and expand market
access for our esports product offerings, on November 29, 2021, we completed the acquisition of Aspire Global s B2C business for
 65,000,000 payable as follows: (i) a cash amount of 50,000,000; (ii) 10,000,000, payable in accordance with the terms
of an unsecured subordinated promissory note; and (iii) 186,838 shares of our common stock, which were valued at 5,000,000. 

On September 30, 2021, the Company entered into
subscription agreements (the Subscription Agreements with certain investors (the Investors ). Pursuant to
the Subscription Agreements, the Investors agreed to subscribe for and purchase, and the Company agreed to issue and sell to such Investors,
simultaneous with the closing of the Acquisition Agreement, shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock (the Preferred Stock for a purchase price of 1,000.00 per share (the Private Placement ). For each share of Preferred Stock issued, the Company
issued the Investor a warrant to purchase 150 of the shares of Company common stock underlying the Preferred Stock (the Warrants ).
The aggregate Private Placement, which was completed on the closing date of the Acquisition Agreement was 37.7 million. 

On November 29, 2021, the Company entered a credit
agreement (the Credit Agreement with CP BF Lending, LLC Lender ), pursuant to which the Lender agreed to
make a single loan to the Company of 30.0 million (the Loan ). The Loan bears interest on the unpaid principal amount at
a rate per annum equal to 15.0 as follows: (1) cash interest on the unpaid principal amount of the Loan at a rate equal to 14.0 per
annum, plus (2) payable-in-kind interest PIK Interest on the unpaid principal amount of the Loan at a rate equal to 1.0 
per annum. The Company paid to Lender on the closing date a non-refundable origination fee in an amount equal to 750,000. 

As of September 30, 2021, we have incurred an accumulated
deficit of 16,649,550 since inception and have not yet generated any meaningful income from operations. 

Cash used in operating activities 

Net cash used in operating activities was 8,308,198
for the year ended September 30, 2021, as compared to cash used in operating activities of 67,717 for the same period in the prior year.
Net cash used in operating activities during the twelve months ended September 30, 2021, included payments made for employee costs, professional
fees to our consultants, attorneys and accountants for services related to completion of our audit, development of our new wagering platform
and preparation of our public offering filings. 

29 

Cash used in investing activities 

Net cash used in investing activities was 577,811
for the year ended September 30, 2021 and was related to the purchase of software assets to support the new wagering platform, and the
purchase of long-term assets related to intellectual property rights. 

Cash used provided by financing activities 

Net cash provided by financing activities was 17,896,957
for the year ended September 30, 2021 and was related to the sale of 2,000,000 shares of common stock at 2.00 per share in a private
placement, partially offset by costs of capital to brokers of 351,929 as well as private placements of our common stock completed in
January and February 2021, at 3.00 per share for gross proceeds of 750,000. In April 2021, the Company completed its IPO and issued
2,400,000 shares of common stock for gross cash proceeds of 14,400,000. The Company paid underwriting fees and other expenses of 885,800
and issued 168,000 warrants to purchase shares of common stock at a price of 7.20 per share for a period of five years. 

Off Balance Sheet
Arrangements 

None. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 

The preparation of financial statements in conformity
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates, assumptions and judgments
that affect the amounts reported in the financial statements, including the notes thereto. We consider critical accounting policies to
be those that require more significant judgments and estimates in the preparation of our financial statements, including the following:
long lived assets; intangible assets valuations; and income tax valuations. Management relies on historical experience and other assumptions
believed to be reasonable in making its judgment and estimates. Actual results could differ materially from those estimates. 

Management believes its application of accounting
policies, and the estimates inherently required therein, are reasonable. These accounting policies and estimates are periodically reevaluated,
and adjustments are made when facts and circumstances dictate a change. 

Stock-based Compensation 

Our
historical and outstanding stock-based compensation awards, including the issuances of options and other stock awards under our equity
compensation plans, have typically included service-based or performance-based vesting conditions. For awards with only service-based
vesting conditions, we record compensation cost for these awards using the straight-line method over the vesting period. For awards with
performance-based vesting conditions, we recognize compensation cost on a tranche-by-tranche basis. 

Stock-based
compensation expense is measured based on the grant-date fair value of the stock-based awards and is recognized over the requisite service
period of the awards. The Black-Scholes model requires management to make a number of key assumptions, including expected volatility,
expected term, risk-free interest rate and expected dividends. The risk-free interest rate is estimated using the rate of return on U.S.
treasury notes with a life that approximates the expected term. The expected term assumption used in the Black-Scholes model represents
the period of time that the options are expected to be outstanding and is estimated using the midpoint between the requisite service period
and the contractual term of the option. 

The
assumptions underlying these valuations represent management s best estimates, which involve inherent uncertainties and the application
of management judgment. As a result, if factors or expected outcomes change and our management uses significantly different assumptions
or estimates, our stock-based compensation expense for future periods could be materially different, including as a result of adjustments
to stock-based compensation expense recorded for prior period. 

30 

Impairment of Long-Lived Assets 

We
regularly review our long-term assets, comprising intangible assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate
that the carrying amount of such assets may not be recoverable. Determination of recoverability generally requires us to estimate the
fair value of the long-term asset, including making assumptions and judgments on several items including, but not limited to, the future
cash flows that will be generated by these assets. Measurement of any impairment loss for long-lived assets is based on the amount by
which the carrying value exceeds the fair value of the asset. 

Business Combinations 

We
allocate the fair value of purchase consideration to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed in the companies acquired based on their
fair values at the acquisition date. The excess of the fair value of purchase consideration over the fair value of these assets acquired
and liabilities assumed is recorded as goodwill and may involve engaging independent third parties to perform an appraisal. When determining
the fair values of assets acquired and liabilities assumed in the acquired company, management makes significant estimates and assumptions,
especially with respect to intangible assets. 

Critical
estimates in valuing intangible assets include, but are not limited to, expected future cash flows, which includes consideration of future
growth rates, and discount rates. Fair value estimates are based on the assumptions management believes a market participant would use
in pricing the asset or liability. Amounts recorded in a business combination may change during the measurement period, which is a period
not to exceed one year from the date of acquisition, as additional information about conditions existing at the acquisition date becomes
available. 

Goodwill 

We
review goodwill for impairment annually or whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying amount of goodwill may not
be recoverable. A qualitative assessment is first performed to determine if the fair value of a reporting unit is more likely than not
to be less than its carrying amount. Judgment in the assessment of qualitative factors of impairment may include changes in business climate,
market conditions, or other events impacting the reporting unit. If we determine an impairment is more likely than not based on our qualitative
assessment, a quantitative assessment of impairment is performed. 

Performing
a quantitative goodwill impairment test includes the determination of the fair value of a reporting unit and involves significant estimates
and assumptions. These estimates and assumptions include, among others, revenue growth rates and operating margins used to calculate projected
future cash flows, risk-adjusted discount rates, future economic and market conditions, and the determination of appropriate market comparables.
If we determine the carrying amount exceeds fair value, goodwill is impaired, and the excess is recognized as an impairment loss. 

Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure About Market Risk. 

We are a smaller reporting company as defined by
Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information required under this item. 

31 

Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 

INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 F-1 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2021 and September 30, 2020 
 
 F-2 

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended September 30, 2021 and 2020 
 
 F-3 

Consolidated Statement of Changes in Shareholders Equity for the Years Ended September 30, 2021 and 2020 
 
 F-4 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended September 30, 2021 and 2020 
 
 F-5 

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 F-6 

32 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

To the Board of Directors and Shareholders 

 of Esports Technologies, Inc. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated
balance sheets of Esports Technologies, Inc. (the Company as of September 30, 2021 and 2020, and the related consolidated
statements of operations, shareholders equity and cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended September 30, 2021
and the related notes and schedules (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial
statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of September 30, 2021 and 2020, and the
results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended September 30, 2021, in conformity with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the entity s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits. We are
a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required
to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations
of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged
to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the entity s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

As discussed in Note 1 to the financial statements,
the Company s need for additional financing in order to fund its operations in 2021 raises substantial doubt about its ability to
continue as a going concern. These 2021 financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this
uncertainty. 

CRITICAL AUDIT MATTERS 

Critical audit matters arising from the current
period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relate
to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex
judgments. We determined that there are no critical audit matters. 

/s/ PWR CPA LLP 

We have served as the Company's auditor since 2020. 

Houston, Texas 

December 23, 2021 

F- 1 

ESPORTS TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

September 30, 
 September 30, 

2021 
 2020 

ASSETS 

Current assets: 

Cash 

Accounts receivable, net 

Prepaid expenses 

Right of use asset, operating lease, current portion 

Other current assets 

Total current assets 

Long term assets: 

Software and equipment, net 

Right of use asset, operating lease 

Intangible assets - cryptocurrency 

Intangible assets - license agreement, net 

Intangible assets - domain names 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Accounts payable, related party 

Current lease liabilities 

Liabilities to users 

Total current liabilities 

Convertible notes payable, net of discount 

Other long term liabilities, net of discount 

Total liabilities 

COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES 

Stockholders' equity: 

Preferred Stock 
 per value, 
 shares authorized, 
 issued and outstanding 

Common stock par value, shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated other comprehensive income 

Accumulated deficit 

Total stockholders equity 

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 2 

ESPORTS TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 

For the Years Ended 

September 30, 

2021 
 2020 

Revenue 

Cost of revenue 

Gross profit 

Operating expenses: 

Sales and marketing expenses 

Product and technology expenses 

Acquisition costs 

General and administrative expenses 

Total operating expenses 

Loss from operations 

Interest expense, net 

Other expense 

Foreign currency gain (loss) 

Loss on debt extinguishment 

Total other expense 

Loss before provision for income taxes 

Provision for income taxes 

Net loss 

Other comprehensive income : 

Foreign currency translation 

Total other comprehensive income 

Comprehensive loss 

Net loss per common share basic and diluted 

Weighted average common shares outstanding basic and diluted 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 3 

ESPORTS TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY 

 FOR THE YEARS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2021 AND 2020 

Common
 stock 
 Additional 
 Accumulated
 Other 

Number of 
 
 paid-in 
 Comprehensive 
 Accumulated 

Shares 
 Amount 
 capital 
 Income 
 deficit 
 Total 

Balance at September 30, 2019 

Beneficial conversion feature 

Net loss 

Balance at September 30, 2020 

Shares issued for cash, net 

Shares issued for conversion of debt 

Stock-based compensation 

Shares and stock options issued for assets 

Cashless exercise of warrants 

Exercise of common stock options for cash 

Net loss 

Comprehensive income 

Balance at September 30, 2021 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

ESPORTS TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For the Years Ended 

September 30, 

2021 
 2020 
 
 Cash flow from operating activities: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Amortization of debt discount 

Loss on extinguishment of debt 

Depreciation and amortization 

Bad debt expense 

Amortization of right of use assets 

Stock-based compensation 

Gain on cryptocurrency settlement 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 

Prepaid expenses 

Other current assets 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Accounts payable - related parties 

Right of use lease liabilities 

Liabilities to users 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash flow from investing activities: 

Purchase of software and equipment 

Purchase of other long-term assets 

Net cash used by investing activities 

Cash flow from financing activities: 

Proceeds from exercise of stock options 

Proceeds from equity issuance, net of costs of capital 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Effect of foreign exchange rates on cash 

NET CHANGE IN CASH 

CASH AT BEGINNING OF PERIOD 

CASH AT END OF PERIOD 

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: 

Cash paid for interest 

Cash paid for income taxes 

Non-cash transactions 

Beneficial conversion feature on convertible debt 

Acquisition of domain name for convertible notes payable 

Acquisition of assets for common shares and options 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

ESPORTS TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

shares of common stock. 

Pursuant to the Share Exchange, the merger between
Global E-Sports and the Company was accounted for as a reverse merger. Under this method of accounting, Esports Tech was treated as the
 acquired company for financial reporting purposes. The net assets of Global E-Sports are stated at historical cost, with
no goodwill or other intangible assets recorded. 

Going Concern 

The accompanying consolidated financial
statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. The Company has recurring losses and generated
negative cash flows from operations since inception. In April 2021, the Company completed its Initial Public Offering IPO and issued shares of common stock for gross cash proceeds of , receiving net proceeds of . The Company's
forecasts for 2022 and beyond indicate that it will have sufficient financial resources to continue to settle its debts as they fall due.
In making this assessment, the Directors considered the going concern status for a period of at least 12 months from the date of signing
the financial statements. For this reason, they continue to adopt the going concern basis in preparing the financial statements. 

Impact of COVID-19 

The outbreak of the 2019 novel coronavirus disease COVID-19 ), which was declared a global pandemic by the World Health Organization on March 11, 2020, and the related responses
by public health and governmental authorities to contain and combat its outbreak and spread, has severely impacted the U.S. and world
economies. Economic recessions, including those brought on by the COVID-19 outbreak may have a negative effect on the demand for the Company s
products and the Company s operating results. The range of possible impacts on the Company s business from the coronavirus
pandemic could include: (i) changing demand for the Company s online betting products; and (ii) increasing contraction in the capital
markets. 

Gogawi has always been a wholly-owned subsidiary
of ESEG Limited. All intercompany accounts, transactions and balances have been eliminated in consolidation. 

and as of September 30, 2021 and
2020, related to the third-party operator. 

at commencement based on the present value of lease payments at commencement and utilizing an estimate incremental borrowing rate of .
Operating lease expense was 
during the year ended September 30, 2021. 

and zero for years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively . 

shares), stock options shares) and common stock warrants shares) were excluded from the calculation of diluted net
loss per share due to their antidilutive effect. 

Total software and equipment 

Accumulated depreciation 

Software and equipment, net 

On November 5, 2020, the Company entered into
an asset purchase agreement with a third party to acquire certain proprietary technology data. The Company made a cash payment of 
and granted warrants to purchase shares of common stock at an exercise price of per share for a period of five years. The
fair value of the warrants was estimated to be as of the grant date. The total consideration paid of is included as part
of software costs within software and equipment on the Company s consolidated balance sheet. The Company also entered into an employment
agreement with the seller, effective November 1, 2020. The employee will be compensated at a rate of per year and will receive
a common stock award of shares, which vest annually over four years. 

The software costs above relate to acquired components of the Company s
existing platform and other future products which are being depreciated over the expected useful life of 3 years. The useful life of certain
software costs substantially related to the existing platform was accelerated to coincide with the expected migration to the Aspire platform
resulting in an increased depreciation charge of approximately 100,000. 

Intangible Assets Domain Names 

On September 1, 2020, the Company s wholly-owned
subsidiary, ESEG, entered into domain purchase agreements to acquire the rights to certain domain names from third parties. The cost to
acquire the domain names was , based on the estimated fair value of the consideration transferred to the sellers. ESEG issued
notes payable with a combined principal amount of , which were to mature on , bearing interest at . These notes
were exchanged for notes of the Company in September 2020. The Company also agreed to pay a total of on , with
no interest. The Company estimated discount of these liabilities totaling at the date of the transaction, to be amortized over
the maturity period of the liabilities. The domain names were recorded as an intangible asset with an indefinite useful life. The
Company s management evaluated the domain names at September 30, 2021 and determined no impairment was necessary. 

Intangible Assets - Cryptocurrencies 

The following table presents the activities of
the Company s cryptocurrency holdings for the year ended September 30, 2021: 

Additions of cryptocurrency 

Payments of cryptocurrency 

Gain on cryptocurrency 

Cryptocurrency at September 30, 2020 

Additions of cryptocurrency 

Payments of cryptocurrency 

Gain on cryptocurrency 

Cryptocurrency at September 30, 2021 

Additions of cryptocurrency during the year ended
September 30, 2021 represent settlement of outstanding accounts receivable of and net deposits from players of . Payments
of cryptocurrency during the year ended September 30, 2021 included payments of accounts payable and accrued expenses of and prepaid
expenses of . Use of cryptocurrency to settle receivables and payables during the period are reflected as a component of changes
in operating assets and liabilities in the consolidated statement of cash flows. 

Intangible Assets - License Agreement 

On October 1, 2020, the Company entered into
an option agreement which gave the Company rights to acquire a license for proprietary technology related to online betting. The
Company paid 
upon execution of the option agreement, paid an additional 
in cash, and issued 
shares of common stock upon exercise of the option on or about May 3, 2021. The shares had a fair value of 
at the date of exercise of the option and execution of the license agreement resulting in total value for the license agreement of
 .
During the year ended September 30, 2021, the Company recognized amortization expense of 
included in product and technology expenses. This asset is being amortized over its expected useful life of 3 years. 

. The notes bore interest at the rate of per annum and matured on
 . The Company also agreed to pay two of the lenders a total of on , bearing no interest. The Company
estimated total debt discount of these liabilities to be at the date of the transaction, of which related to the promissory
notes payable, and related to the other long-term liabilities. The discounts will be amortized over the maturity period of each
liability. As of September 30, 2021 and September 30, 2020, the carrying amount of the other long-term liabilities was and ,
respectively, which is net of the remaining discount totaling and , respectively. The carrying amount of the convertible
notes payable and associated discount is further discussed below. 

On September 26, 2020, the Company assumed
the notes payable with principal of 2,100,000 from ESEG. In connection with this assumption, Esports Tech issued each of the
lenders a conversion option at a fixed price of 0.50 per share and issued warrants
to purchase shares of the Company s common stock at an exercise price of per
share, each with a term of five years. The convertible notes bear interest at 10 per annum and mature on March 1, 2022. The holder
may convert the note into shares of common stock at any time throughout the maturity date, to the extent and provided that no holder
of the notes was or will be permitted to convert such notes so long as it or any of its affiliates would beneficially own in excess
of 4.99 of the Company s common stock after such conversion. The Company determined that the assignment of the notes payable
by the subsidiary to the parent company was an extinguishment of the original notes payable due to the addition of a substantive
conversion feature, and the Company recognized a loss on extinguishment of during
the year ended September 30, 2020. 

The Company evaluated the conversion option and
concluded a beneficial conversion feature was present at issuance. The Company recognized the beneficial conversion feature and relative
fair value of the warrants as a debt discount and additional paid in capital. The fair value of the warrants at the grant date was estimated
using a Black-Scholes model and the following assumptions: 1) volatility of approximately 85 based on a peer group of companies; 2) dividend
yield of 0 ; 3) risk-free rate of 0.26 ; and 4) an expected term of five years. The 2,100,000 debt discount will be amortized through
the maturity date of the convertible notes payable. 

During the twelve months ended September 30, 2021,
a total of of principal was converted into shares of common stock. As of September 30, 2021, the balance due under these
notes, net of unamortized discount of was that included accrued interest of . During the year ended September
30, 2021, the Company recorded a charge of in the accompanying consolidated statement of operations from the amortization of
its debt discount related to the convertible notes payable and other liabilities described above. The Company has classified these convertible
notes as level 2 financial instruments, as defined above in Note 2. 

in exchange for 
shares of common stock. In conjunction with this fundraising, broker commission and expenses of 
were paid and 
common stock warrants with an exercise price of 
and a five-year term were issued. The fair value of the warrants issued in connection with the financing was estimated to be
 as discussed below. 

In January 2021, the Company sold shares
of common stock to investors for 3 per share, receiving gross proceeds of . The company paid of broker fees and commissions
related to this fundraising and issued warrants to purchase common stock with an exercise price of per share and a term of 
years. The fair value of the warrants issued in connection with the financing was estimated to be as discussed below. 

In February 2021, the Company entered into an
agreement with a consultant where the Company agreed to issue warrants to purchase shares of stock with a term of years at an
exercise price of per share, and paid of cash for services rendered. The consultant will also receive 50,000 of consideration
per year for an additional two years in a combination of cash and common stock warrants. 

In April 2021, the Company completed its IPO
and issued 
shares of common stock for gross cash proceeds of 
and received net proceeds of 
after costs of 
which were recorded in shareholders equity. The Company also issued 
common stock warrants with a five-year term and exercise price of 
to the underwriter. These warrants have an estimated fair value of . 

2020 Stock Plan 

In December 2020, the Company adopted the Esports
Technologies, Inc. 2020 Stock Plan, or the 2020 Plan. The 2020 Plan is a stock-based compensation plan that provides for discretionary
grants of stock options, stock awards, stock unit awards and stock appreciation rights to key employees, non-employee directors and consultants. 

Under the 2020 Plan, the aggregate value of all
compensation granted or paid to any individual for service as a non-employee director with respect to any calendar year, including awards
granted under the 2020 Plan and cash fees paid to such non-employee director, will not exceed 300,000 in total value. For purposes of
this limitation, the value of awards is calculated based on the grant date fair value of such awards for financial reporting purposes. 

The number of shares of the common stock that
may be issued under the 2020 Plan is . As of September 30, 2021, the Company had awarded a total shares under the 2020
Plan, with remaining under the 2020 Plan. 

Common Stock Awards 

During the year ended September 30, 2021, the
Company agreed to award a total of 1,210,750 restricted stock units that convert into common stock to various employees, consultants and
officers under the 2020 Plan. Of the restricted stock unit awarded, 810,750 will vest annually over a period of one to four years, 200,000
will vest upon the completion of various performance goals related to the operations of the Company, and 200,000 shares of common stock
underlying awards made to the Company s CEO will vest equally upon reaching trailing twelve months revenue of 10 million and 20
million. The Company estimated the fair value of the awards granted prior to the IPO, at 2 per share based on recent sales of common
stock. For awards granted after the IPO, the closing price of the Company s stock on the grant date is used to determine the fair
value. 

In November 2020, the Company entered into four
consulting agreements under which the Company issued a total of shares of common stock, which vest equally over terms ranging
from three to twelve months. The Company also awarded 100,000 shares to an additional consultant in May 2021 which vested immediately
but were not yet issued as of September 30, 2021. 

During the year ended September 30, 2021, the
Company recognized a total of of stock-based compensation expense related to common stock awards and expects to recognize additional
compensation cost of upon vesting of all awards. 

Warrants 

As discussed above, the Company has issued common
stock warrants in connection with its fundraising activities to brokers, an asset purchase agreement and convertible notes issued during
the years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020. The following table summarizes warrant activity during the year ended September 30, 2021: 

Granted 

Cancelled 

Expired 

Exercised 

Outstanding at September 30, 2020 

Granted 

Cancelled 

Expired 

Exercised 

Outstanding at September 30, 2021 

Exercisable at September 30, 2021 

The outstanding and exercisable common stock warrants
as of September 30, 2021 had an estimated intrinsic value of . The Company estimated the fair value of the warrants using a
Black-Scholes option pricing model and the following assumptions: 1) stock price of 2 to 3 per share; 2) dividend yield of 0 ; 3) risk-free
rate of between 0.18 and 0.81 ; 4) expected term of between 2.5 and 5 years; 5) an exercise price of 0.25, 2 3 or 7.20 and 6) expected
volatility of between 84.1 and 99.0 based on a peer group of public companies. The warrants granted to brokers in connection with sales
of common stock during the year ended September 30, 2021, had an estimated fair value of which was reflected as a cost of capital,
warrants granted to consultants for services had a fair value of , and the warrants granted in connection with the asset purchase
agreement had an estimated fair value of . 

Options 

During the year ended September 30, 2021, the
Company entered into various agreements with employees and consultants whereby the Company agreed to award a total of common
stock options, including to consultants and to members of the Board of Directors under the 2020 Plan. Of the 
unvested options as of September 30, 2021, will vest upon future performance conditions being met, and the remainder vest equally
over periods of between one and four years from issuance. 

The following table summarizes option activity during the year ended
September 30, 2021: 

Granted 

Cancelled/Forfeited 

Exercised 

Outstanding at September 30, 2021 

Exercisable at September 30, 2021 

During the year ended September 30, 2021, the
Company recognized stock-based compensation expense of related to common stock options awarded. The exercisable common stock
options had an intrinsic value as of September 30, 2021, of . The Company expects to recognize an additional of compensation
cost related to stock options expected to vest. 

The Company estimated the fair value of the stock
options awarded using a Black-Scholes option pricing model and the following assumptions: 1) stock price of 2 to 3 per share; 2) dividend
yield of 0 ; 3) risk-free rate of between 0.22 and 0.98 ; 4) expected term of between 3.5 and 6.25 years; 5) an exercise price between
 0.25 and 34.34 and 6) expected volatility of between 80.3 and 96.1 based on a peer group of public companies. 

and issued warrants
to purchase shares of common stock at a price of per share for a period of five years. 

On September 26, 2020, the Company entered into
a consulting agreement with a registered foreign broker dealer for fundraising services and paid 10 of any gross proceeds through capital
raises from non-US investors introduced by the consultant, up to a maximum payment to the consultant of 200,000 and the consultant also
received warrants to purchase shares of the Company s common stock at an exercise price of 2.00 per share. These warrants were
exercised in April 2021 and were converted into shares of the Company stock. 

to Gogawi Inc. (a company
controlled by certain initial shareholders of the Company). At September 30, 2020 the amounts owed to these related parties was .
The advances are due on demand and are non-interest bearing. In May 2021, the Company repaid the advances in full. 

On November 10, 2020, the Company entered into
an employment agreement with Michael Barden, a family member of the Company s Chief Operating Officer, to serve as the Company s
marketing director. The employment agreement provides for an annual salary of 132,000, a technology allowance of 5,000, and an award
of 30,000 shares of common stock in the Company, vesting in four equal annual installments. 

Non-deductible expenses 

Change in valuation allowance 

Provision for income taxes 

Significant components of the Company s
deferred tax assets after applying enacted corporate income tax rates are as follows: 

Valuation allowance 

Net deferred income tax assets 

The Company has an operating loss carry forward of approximately .
Management currently believes that since the Company has a history of losses it is more likely than not that the deferred tax regarding
the loss carry forwards and other temporary differences will not be realized in the foreseeable future. The Company believes that carryforward
limitations will be applied to the historical net operating losses prior to the Share Exchange. 

The Company has recorded no liability for income taxes associated with
unrecognized tax benefits at the date of adoption and has not recorded any liability associated with unrecognized tax benefits during
2021 and 2020. Accordingly, the Company has not recorded any interest or penalty in regard to any unrecognized benefit. 

Ancillary Agreements 

On the closing date,
the parties entered into the Transitional Services Agreement pursuant to which Aspire agreed to provide continuation of services related
to the Assets for all enterprise agreements, including content and data provider agreements, between Aspire and any third-party business
serviced by the Aspire. 

On the closing date,
Aspire and Karamba entered into an Operator Services Agreement and the Migration Plan as approved by the Malta Gaming Authority MGA ).
Pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Operator Services Agreement, Aspire committed for a period of four years to operate on behalf
of Karamba, in addition to the Assets, two additional Company-branded websites (Esportsbook.com and other URL brands to be determined
solely by the Company) pursuant to Aspire s operating license in any and all territories in which Aspire is licensed and operational
as of the closing date as well as any additional territories in which Aspire may become licensed following the closing sate and/or during
the term of the Operator Services Agreement. The Operator Services Agreement provides for a revenue sharing arrangement based on certain
net gaming revenue share definitions, in addition to various other fees related to the services. 

Private Placement 

On October 1, 2021, the
Company entered into subscription agreements (the Subscription Agreements with certain investors (the Investors ).
Pursuant to the Subscription Agreements, the Investors agreed to subscribe for and purchase, and the Company agreed to issue and sell
to such Investors, simultaneous with the closing of the Acquisition Agreement, an aggregate of 37,700 shares of Series A Convertible Preferred
Stock (the Preferred Stock for a purchase price of 1,000.00 per share, for aggregate gross proceeds of 37,700,000 (the
 Private Placement ). For each share of Preferred Stock issued, the Company issued the Investor a warrant to purchase 150 
of the shares of Company common stock underlying the Preferred Stock (the Warrants ). 

Pursuant to the Subscription
Agreement, the Company is required to hold a special meeting of shareholders of the Company (the Shareholder Meeting ), no
later than 120 days after the issuance date soliciting the affirmative vote at the Shareholder Meeting for approval of resolutions providing
for the approval of the conversion of the Preferred Stock and Warrants into Company common stock in compliance with the rules and regulations
of the Nasdaq Stock Market (the Shareholder Approval ). 

Until Shareholder Approval
is received, without the approval of the holders of 60 of the Preferred Stock, other than certain exempt issuances, the Company is not
permitted to (i) issue, enter into any agreement to issue or announce the issuance or proposed issuance of any common stock or common
stock equivalents or (ii) file any registration statement or any amendment or supplement thereto. 

The Preferred Stockholders
are entitled to receive dividends, at a rate of 14.0 per annum, which shall be payable quarterly in arrears on January 1, April 1, July
1 and October 1, beginning on the first such date after the issuance date. With limited exceptions, the Preferred Stockholders will have
no voting rights. Upon any liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of the Company, the holders of the Preferred Stock shall be entitled
to receive out of the assets, whether capital or surplus, of the Company available to shareholders, an amount equal to the greater of:
(i) the purchase price for each share of Preferred Stock then held, or (ii) the amount the holders would have received had the holders
fully converted the Preferred Stock to Company common stock, in each case, before any distribution or payment shall be made to the holders
of the Company s common stock. If, and only, if the Company receives Shareholder Approval, the Preferred Stock will be convertible
into Company common stock at an initial conversion price of 28.00 per share Conversion Price provided that the Conversion
Price is subject to anti-dilution protection upon any subsequent transaction at a price lower than the Conversion Price then in effect.
In addition, nine months from the issuance date (the Adjustment Date ), the Conversion Price shall be adjusted to the lesser
of: (i) the Conversion Price in effect on the Adjustment Date, or (ii) 85 of the average closing price of the Company s common
stock for the fifteen trading days prior to the Adjustment Date. If the Company s EBITDA is equal to or greater than 2.0 million
for the quarter ending March 31, 2022, then no adjustment pursuant to the foregoing sentence will cause the Conversion Price to be less
than 20.00. 

Upon receipt of Shareholder
Approval, the Warrants will become exercisable and will expire on the fifth anniversary thereafter. The Warrants will initially be exercisable
at an exercise price of 30.00 per share, provided that the exercise price is subject to anti-dilution protection upon any subsequent
transaction at a price lower than the exercise price then in effect. The Warrants can be exercised on a cashless basis if there is no
effective registration statement registering, or no current prospectus available for, the resale of the ordinary shares underlying the
Warrants. 

The holders of the Preferred
Stock and Warrants will not have the right to convert or exercise any portion of the Preferred Stock and Warrants to the extent that,
after giving effect to such conversion, such holder (together with certain related parties) would beneficially own in excess of 4.99 
of the Company s common stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to such conversion or exercise. 

The Company agreed to
use commercially reasonable efforts to file as soon as reasonably practicable, but in any event no later than 45 calendar days after the
issuance date and use commercially reasonable efforts to cause to be declared effective as soon as reasonably practicable thereafter,
a registration statement filed with the SEC registering the resale of all of the Company common stock underlying the Preferred Stock and
Warrants issued to the Investors. 

Credit Agreement 

On November 29, 2021,
the Company entered a credit agreement (the Credit Agreement with CP BF Lending, LLC Lender ), pursuant to
which the Lender agreed to make a single loan to the Company of 30,000,000 (the Loan ). The Loan bears interest on the unpaid
principal amount at a rate per annum equal to 15.0 as follows: (1) cash interest on the unpaid principal amount of the Loan at a rate
equal to 14.0 per annum, plus (2) payable-in-kind interest PIK Interest on the unpaid principal amount of the Loan at
a rate equal to 1.0 per annum. The Company paid to Lender on the closing date a non-refundable origination fee in an amount equal to
 750,000. 

The Loan matures in 36
months, provided that the Company may receive two 12-month extensions of the maturity date by paying to the Lender (1) an extension fee
equal to 1.0 of the unpaid principal balance of the Loan as of the date of such extension, and (2) all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket
fees and expenses paid or incurred by Lender, in each case in connection with the extension request, including but not limited to fees
and expenses for appraisals, collateral exams and audits, and legal counsel. The foregoing extension right is subject to, among other
items, (i) the Loan not being in default, (ii) the representations and warranties contained in Credit Agreement being true and correct;
and (iii) the Lender granting its written approval thereof in its sole discretion. 

The Loan may be prepaid by the Company at any
time. In addition, the Credit Agreement provides that in the event there shall be excess cash flow from the Aspire Business (as such concept
is defined in the Credit Agreement) for any calendar month, commencing with the month ended December 31, 2022, the Company shall apply
such excess cash flow amount to prepay the outstanding principal balance of the Loan; provided that no such prepayment shall be required
once the unpaid principal balance of the Loan has been reduced to 15,000,000. 

The Credit Agreement requires the Company to meet
certain financial covenants commencing March 31, 2022. The Loan is secured by all of the assets of the Company and its subsidiaries. The
Loan may be accelerated by the Lender upon an event of default, which in addition to customary events of default include: (i) if (1) any
of the Company or its subsidiaries shall fail to maintain in full force and effect any gaming approval (as defined in the Credit Agreement)
required for the operation of its business or (2) any gaming regulator shall impose any condition or limitation on any of the foregoing
entities that could be reasonably expected to have a material adverse effect; or (ii) the suspension from trading or failure of the Company s
common stock to be trading or listed on the Nasdaq exchange for a period of three consecutive trading days. 

In connection with the Loan, the Company issued
the Lender a warrant (the Lender Warrant to purchase 1,567,840 shares of Company common stock at an exercise price of 25.00
per share expiring on the earlier to occur of (i) five years following the issue date or (ii) the second anniversary of the satisfaction
of all obligations of the Company under the Credit Agreement. The exercise price is subject to appropriate adjustment in the event of
certain stock dividends and distributions, stock splits, stock combinations, reclassifications or similar events affecting the Company s
common stock. In addition, the exercise price of the Lender Warrant is subject to weighted-average anti-dilution protection
for issuances by the Company below the exercise price (other than certain defined exempt issuances), and, upon shareholder approval, the
number of shares underlying the Lender Warrant shall also be adjusted for issuances to which the weighted-average anti-dilution
protection applies. The Lender will not have the right to exercise any portion of the Lender Warrant if the Lender (together with its
affiliates) would beneficially own in excess of 4.99 of the number of shares of Company common stock outstanding immediately after giving
effect to the exercise, as such percentage ownership is determined in accordance with the terms of the Lender Warrant, which beneficial
ownership amount, at the election of the Lender may be increased to any other percentage not in excess of 19.99 as specified by the Lender.
If a fundamental transaction occurs, then the successor entity will succeed to, and be substituted for the Company, and will assume all
of the Company s obligations under the Lender Warrant with the same effect as if such successor entity had been named in the Lender
Warrant itself. 

Employment Agreements 

On November 5, 2021,
the Company entered into an amended and restated employment agreement, effective October 1, 2021, with Aaron Speach pursuant to which
Mr. Speach agreed to continue to serve as the Company s Chief Executive Officer for an initial term of three years. The agreement
provides for an initial annual base salary of 315,000, which may be increased to 350,000 retroactively as of the effective date provided
the closing and consummation of the share purchase transaction by and between Company and Aspire Global plc occurs. Pursuant to the agreement,
Mr. Speach is eligible for an annual bonus of up to 75 of his base salary, as determined solely at the discretion of the Compensation
Committee. Pursuant to the agreement, if Mr. Speach is required to be located outside of the United States for a period of 30 consecutive
days or more, the Company shall pay him a pro-rated monthly travel stipend of 3,500 for each month that he is so required to live outside
of the United States. Pursuant to the agreement, Mr. Speach is eligible to receive the following potential performance stock grants: (i)
100,000 shares of Company common stock at such date as the Company reaches total gross revenues of 10,000,000 in any trailing 12 month
period during the term of the employment agreement; and (ii) 100,000 shares of Company common stock at such date as the Company reaches
total gross revenues of 20,000,000 in any trailing 12 month period during the term of the employment agreement. Contemporaneous with
the execution of the agreement, Mr. Speach received a restricted stock unit award (the RSU Grant for 100,000 shares of
Company common stock. The RSU Grant shall vest in four equal annual installments, provided Mr. Speach is employed on each such vesting
date. If Mr. Speach s employment is terminated at our election without cause (as defined in the agreement), Mr. Speach
shall be entitled to receive severance payments equal to 150 of the balance due of Mr. Speach s base salary for the remainder of
the initial term of three years. 

On November 5, 2021,
the Company entered into an amended and restated employment agreement, effective October 1, 2021, with Bart Barden pursuant to which Mr.
Barden will continue to serve as the Company s Chief Operating Officer. The initial term of the employment agreement will continue
for a period of 12 months. The employment agreement provides for an initial annual base salary of 213,400, which may be increased
to 237,000 retroactively as of the effective date provided the closing and consummation of the share purchase transaction by and
between Company and Aspire Global plc occurs. Pursuant to the agreement, Mr. Barden is eligible for an annual bonus of up to 50 of his
base salary, as determined solely at the discretion of the Compensation Committee. Contemporaneous with the execution of the agreement,
Mr. Barden received a restricted stock unit award (the RSU Grant for 25,000 shares of Company common stock. The RSU Grant
shall vest in four equal annual installments, provided Mr. Barden is employed on each such vesting date. 

On November 5, 2021,
the Company s Board of Directors, upon recommendation of the Compensation Committee, approved the following policy for compensating
non-employee members of the Board. Each independent director shall receive annual cash compensation of 40,000. In addition, the chairperson
of the Audit Committee, Compensation Committee and Nominating and Governance Committee shall receive an annual compensation of 15,000,
 10,000 and 5,000, respectively; the other members of such committees shall receive an annual compensation of 7,500, 5,000 and 2,500,
respectively. In addition, the Company agreed to pay a one-time make-whole payment to the independent directors for services rendered
since the Company s initial public offering of 27,000. 

F- 22 

Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosures. 

None. 

Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures. 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Our management, including our chief executive officer,
who serves as our principal executive officer, and our chief financial officer, who serves as our principal financial officer, evaluated
the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under
the Exchange Act), as of the end of the period covered by this Form 10-K. Based on this evaluation, our chief executive officer and our
chief financial officer, concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at ensuring that information required to
be disclosed in the reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time
periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission's rules and forms and that such information is accumulated and communicated
to our management, including our chief executive officer and our chief financial officer, or persons performing similar functions, as
appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding disclosure. 

We do not expect that our disclosure controls and
procedures will prevent all errors and all instances of fraud. Disclosure controls and procedures, no matter how well conceived and operated,
can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the disclosure controls and procedures are met. Further, the
design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits must be considered
relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all disclosure controls and procedures, no evaluation of disclosure controls
and procedures can provide absolute assurance that we have detected all our control deficiencies and instances of fraud, if any. The design
of disclosure controls and procedures also is based partly on certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can
be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. 

Attestation Report of the Registered Public Accounting Firm 

Our independent registered public accounting firm
will not be required to formally attest to the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting for as long as we are an
 emerging growth company pursuant to the provisions of the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act. 

Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

This Annual Report on Form 10-K does not include
a report of management s assessment regarding internal control over financial reporting due to a transition period established by
rules of the SEC for newly public companies. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Not applicable. 

Item 9B. 
 Other Information. 

On December 22, 2021,
the Company entered into an amended and restated employment agreement, effective October 1, 2021, with Jim Purcell pursuant to which Mr.
Purcell will continue to serve as the Company s Chief Financial Officer. The employment agreement provides for an initial annual
base salary of 213,400. In addition, Mr. Purcell is eligible for the following additional payments: (a) a 1,000 per month
health care and benefit stipend. Pursuant to the agreement, Mr. Purcell is eligible for an annual bonus of up to 40 of his base salary,
as determined solely at the discretion of the Compensation Committee. Contemporaneous with the execution of the agreement, Mr. Purcell
received a restricted stock unit award (the RSU Grant for 20,000 shares of Company common stock. The RSU Grant shall vest
in four equal annual installments, provided Mr. Purcell is employed on each such vesting date.. 

33 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

The information required by this item is incorporated
by reference to our Proxy Statement for the 2021 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
within 120 days of the fiscal year ended September 30, 2021. 

Our Board of Directors has adopted a written Code
of Business Conduct and Ethics applicable to all officers, directors and employees, which is available on our website (esportstechnologies.com)
under Governance Documents within the Corporate Governance section. We intend to satisfy the disclosure requirement
under Item 5.05 of Form 8-K regarding amendment to, or waiver from, a provision of this Code and by posting such information on the website
address and location specified above. 

Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 

The information required by this item is incorporated
by reference to our Proxy Statement for the 2021 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
within 120 days of the fiscal year ended September 30, 2021. 

Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

The information required by this item is incorporated
by reference to our Proxy Statement for the 2021 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
within 120 days of the fiscal year ended September 30, 2021. 

Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation
Plans 

The following table sets forth information regarding
our equity compensation plans at September 30, 2021: 

Plan category 
 Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights (a) 
 Weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights (b) 
 Number of securities (by class) remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a)) (c) 
 
 Equity compensation plans approved by security holders (1) 
 2,344,348 
 2.57 
 434,902 
 
 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders (2) 
 36,166 
 0.57 

(1) Represents shares of common stock issuable upon exercise
of outstanding stock options and rights under our 2020 Stock Plan. 

 (2) Consists of warrants issued to consultants. 

34 

Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

The information required by this item is incorporated
by reference to our Proxy Statement for the 2021 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
within 120 days of the fiscal year ended September 30, 2021. 

Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 

The information required by this item is incorporated
by reference to our Proxy Statement for the 2021 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
within 120 days of the fiscal year ended September 30, 2021. 

35 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 

(a) The
following documents are filed or furnished as part of this Form 10-K: 

1. Financial
Statements. The financial statements and notes thereto which are attached hereto have been included by reference into Item 8 of this part
of the annual report on Form 10-K. See the Index to Financial Statements on page 32. 

2. Financial
Statement Schedules. The Financial Statement Schedules have been omitted either because they are not required or because the information
has been included in the financial statements or the notes thereto included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

3. Exhibits 

EXHIBIT INDEX 

Exhibit 
 Number 
 Description of Document 
 
 2.1 
 Share Purchase Agreement, dated as of September 30, 2021 (incorporated by reference to the exhibit 2.1 of the Form 8-K filed October 1, 2021) 

3.1 
 Articles of Incorporation of Esports Technologies, Inc. (incorporated by reference to exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Form S-1 file no. 333-254068) 

3.2 
 Bylaws of Esports Technologies, Inc. (incorporated by reference to exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Form S-1 file no. 333-254068) 

3.3 
 Certificate of Designation of Preferences, Rights and Limitations of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock (incorporated by reference to exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed December 1, 2021) 

4.1 
 Form of Common Stock Certificate (incorporated by reference to exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Form S-1/A file no. 333-254068) 

4.2 
 Form of Warrant issued in connection with Domain Purchase Agreements (incorporated by reference to exhibit 4.3 to the Company s Form S-1 file no. 333-254068) 

4.3 
 Form of Convertible Note issued in connection with Domain Purchase Agreements (incorporated by reference to exhibit 4.4 to the Company s Form S-1 file no. 333-254068) 

4.4 
 Form of Promissory Note between Esports Technologies, Inc., Esports Product Technologies Malta Ltd. and Aspire Global Plc (incorporated by reference to exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed December 1, 2021) 

4.5 
 Form of Preferred Stock Investor Warrant (incorporated by reference to exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Form 8-K filed December 1, 2021) 

36 

4.6 
 Form of Lender Warrant (incorporated by reference to exhibit 4.3 to the Company s Form 8-K filed December 1, 2021) 

4.7 
 Description of Securities of Esports Technologies, Inc. 

10.1 
 2020 Stock Plan of Esports Technologies, Inc., as amended, and forms of award agreements thereunder (incorporated by reference to exhibit 99.1 to the Company s Form S-8 file no. 333-256062) 

10.2 
 Domain Purchase Agreement between ESEG Limited and Dover Hill LLC (incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.7 to the Company s Form S-1 file no. 333-254068) 

10.3 
 Domain Purchase Agreement between ESEG Limited and Esports Group LLC (incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.8 to the Company s Form S-1 file no. 333-254068) 

10.4 
 Domain Purchase Agreement between ESEG Limited and YSW Holdings, Inc. (incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.9 to the Company s Form S-1 file no. 333-254068) 

10.5 
 Form of Independent Director Agreement (incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.10 to the Company s Form S-1 file no. 333-254068) 

10.6 + 
 Software License Agreement between Galaxy Group Ltd. and ESEG Limited Dated September 28, 2020 (incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.11 to the Company s Form S-1 file no. 333-254068) 

10.7 + 
 White Label Agreement by and between Splash Technology Limited, and Esports Technologies, Inc.
 dated February 5, 2021 (incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.12 to the Company s Form S-1 file no. 333-254068) 

10.8 
 License Agreement between Esports Technologies, Inc. and Colossus (IOM) Limited dated May 6, 2021 (incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed May 12, 2021) 

10.9 
 First Amended and Restated Employment Agreement between Esports Technologies, Inc. and Aaron Speach dated November 5, 2021 (incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed November 9, 2021) 

10.10 + 
 First Amended and Restated Statement of Employment Terms between Esports Technologies, Inc. and Bart Barden dated November 5, 2021 (incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Form 8-K filed November 9, 2021) 

10.11 
 Non-Employee Director Compensation Policy (incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Form 8-K filed November 9, 2021) 

10.12 
 Form of Preferred Stock Subscription Agreement (incorporated by reference to the Exhibit 10.1 of the Form 8-K filed October 1, 2021) 

10.13 + 
 Credit Agreement dated November 29, 2021 between Esports Technologies, Inc., certain subsidiaries of Esports Technologies, Inc., and CP BF Lending, LLC (incorporated by reference to the Exhibit 10.2 of the Form 8-K filed December 1, 2021) 

10.14 
 First Amended and Restated Employment Agreement between Esports Technologies, Inc. and James Purcell dated December 22, 2021 

37 

21 
 List of Subsidiaries 

23.1 
 Consent of PWR CPA LLP 

31.1 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended 

31.2 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended 

32.1 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32.2 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

101.INS 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document (the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 
 
 101.SCH 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 104 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted in IXBRL, and included in exhibit 101). 

Filed herewith. 

Management contract or compensatory plan, contract or arrangement. 
 
 + 
 Pursuant to Item 601(b)(10)(iv) of Regulation S-K promulgated by the SEC, certain portions of this exhibit have been redacted. The Company hereby agrees to furnish supplementally to the SEC, upon its request, an unredacted copy of this exhibit. 

Item 16. 
 10-K Summary 

None. 

38 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13
or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
thereunto duly authorized. 

ESPORTS TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

By: 
 /s/ Aaron Speach 

Aaron Speach, 

Chief Executive Officer and Chairman 

Date: December 23, 2021 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant in the capacities and on the dates
indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ Aaron Speach 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and Chairman 
 
 December 23, 2021 
 
 Aaron Speech 
 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ James Purcell 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 December 23, 2021 
 
 James Purcell 
 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

/s/ Michael Nicklas 
 
 Director 
 
 December 23, 2021 
 
 Michael Nicklas 

/s/ Dennis Neilander 
 
 Director 
 
 December 23, 2021 
 
 Dennis Neilander 

/s/ Christopher S. Downs 
 
 Director 
 
 December 23, 2021 
 
 Christopher S. Downs 

39 

<EX-4.7>
 2
 esports_ex0407.htm
 DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES OF ESPORTS TECHNOLOGIES, INC.

Exhibit
4.7 

DESCRIPTION OF THE COMPANY S SECURITIES 

The following summary is a description of the
material terms of our capital stock. This summary is not complete, and is qualified by reference to our amended and restated articles
of incorporation, and our amended and restated bylaws, which are filed as exhibits to this Annual Report on Form 10-K and are incorporated
by reference herein. We encourage you to read our amended and restated articles of incorporation, our amended and restated bylaws and
the applicable provisions of the Nevada Revised Statutes for additional information. 

Our amended and restated articles
of incorporation authorize us to issue up to 100,000,000 shares of common stock and 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock. 

Common Stock 

Shares of our common stock have the following rights,
preferences and privileges: 

Voting 

Each holder of common stock is entitled to one
vote for each share of common stock held on all matters submitted to a vote of stockholders. Any action at a meeting at which a quorum
is present will be decided by a majority of the voting power present in person or represented by proxy, except in the case of any election
of directors, which will be decided by a plurality of votes cast. There is no cumulative voting. 

Dividends 

Holders of our common stock are entitled to receive
dividends when, as and if declared by our board of directors out of funds legally available for payment, subject to the rights of holders,
if any, of any class of stock having preference over the common stock. Any decision to pay dividends on our common stock will be at the
discretion of our board of directors. Our board of directors may or may not determine to declare dividends in the future. The board s
determination to issue dividends will depend upon our profitability and financial condition any contractual restrictions, restrictions
imposed by applicable law and the SEC, and other factors that our board of directors deems relevant. 

Liquidation Rights 

In the event of a voluntary or involuntary liquidation,
dissolution or winding up of the Company, the holders of our common stock will be entitled to share ratably on the basis of the number
of shares held in any of the assets available for distribution after we have paid in full, or provided for payment of, all of our debts
and after the holders of all outstanding series of any class of stock have preference over the common stock, if any, have received their
liquidation preferences in full. 

Other 

Our issued and outstanding shares of common stock
are fully paid and nonassessable. Holders of shares of our common stock are not entitled to preemptive rights. Shares of our common stock
are not convertible into shares of any other class of capital stock, nor are they subject to any redemption or sinking fund provisions. 

1 

Preferred Stock 

We are authorized to issue up to 10,000,000 shares
of preferred stock. Our articles of incorporation authorizes the board to issue these shares in one or more series, to determine the designations
and the powers, preferences and relative, participating, optional or other special rights and the qualifications, limitations and restrictions
thereof, including the dividend rights, conversion or exchange rights, voting rights (including the number of votes per share), redemption
rights and terms, liquidation preferences, sinking fund provisions and the number of shares constituting the series. Our board of directors
could, without stockholder approval, issue preferred stock with voting and other rights that could adversely affect the voting power and
other rights of the holders of common stock and which could have the effect of making it more difficult for a third party to acquire,
or of discouraging a third party from attempting to acquire, a majority of our outstanding voting stock. 

Series A Preferred Stock Offering 

On September 30, 2021, the Company entered into
subscription agreements (the Subscription Agreements with certain investors (the Investors ). Pursuant to
the Subscription Agreements, the Investors agreed to subscribe for and purchase, and the Company agreed to issue and sell to such Investors
shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock (the Preferred Stock for a purchase price of 1,000.00 per share (the Private
Placement ). For each share of Preferred Stock issued, the Company issued the Investor a warrant to purchase 150 of the shares
of Company common stock underlying the Preferred Stock (the Warrants ). The aggregate Private Placement, which was completed
on November 29, 2021 was 37,700,000. 

The Preferred Stock is entitled to receive dividends,
at a rate of 14.0 per annum, in cash or in kind, which shall be payable quarterly in arrears on January 1, April 1, July 1 and October
1, beginning on the first such date after the issuance date and ending on the 18-month anniversary. With limited exceptions, the Preferred
Stock will have no voting rights. Upon any liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of the Company, the holders of the Preferred Stock shall
be entitled to receive out of the assets, whether capital or surplus, of the Company available to shareholders, an amount equal to the
greater of: (i) the purchase price for each share of Preferred Stock then held, or (ii) the amount the holders would have received had
the holders fully converted the Preferred Stock to Company common stock, in each case, before any distribution or payment shall be made
to the holders of the Company s common stock. If, and only, if the Company receives shareholder approval, the Preferred Stock will
be convertible into Company common stock at an initial conversion price of 28.00 per share Conversion Price ); provided
that the Conversion Price is subject to anti-dilution protection upon any subsequent transaction at a price lower than the Conversion
Price then in effect. In addition, nine months from the issuance date (the Adjustment Date ), the Conversion Price shall
be adjusted to the lesser of: (i) the Conversion Price in effect on the Adjustment Date, or (ii) 85 of the average closing price of the
Company s common stock for the fifteen trading days prior to the Adjustment Date. If the Company s EBITDA is equal to or greater
than 2,000,000 for the quarter ending March 31, 2022, then no adjustment pursuant to the foregoing sentence will cause the Conversion
Price to be less than 20.00. 

Upon receipt of shareholder approval, the Warrants
will become exercisable and will expire on the fifth anniversary thereafter. The Warrants will initially be exercisable at an exercise
price of 30.00 per share, provided that the exercise price is subject to anti-dilution protection upon any subsequent transaction at
a price lower than the exercise price then in effect. The Warrants can be exercised on a cashless basis if there is no effective registration
statement registering, or no current prospectus available for, the resale of the shares of common stock underlying the Warrants. 

The holders of the Preferred Stock and Warrants
will not have the right to convert or exercise any portion of the Preferred Stock and Warrants to the extent that, after giving effect
to such conversion, such holder (together with certain related parties) would beneficially own in excess of 4.99 of the Company s
common stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to such conversion or exercise. 

2 

Warrants and Convertible Notes 

On September 1, 2020, our wholly owned subsidiary,
ESEG Limited, entered into three domain purchase agreements. Each of the domain purchase agreements required the issuance of a 10 convertible
note in principal amount of 700,000 and the issuance of a warrant to purchase ordinary shares of ESEG. Two of these agreements also require
an additional cash payment after five years, totaling 675,000. Upon our acquisition of ESEG, we exchanged the ESEG securities issued
to the domain sellers for our securities. Accordingly, we issued each of the three domain seller a 10 convertible note in principal amount
of 700,000, which matures on March 1, 2022 and is convertible at the option of the holder at a conversion price of 0.50 per share, and
we issued the three domain sellers a five-year warrant to purchase 745,000 shares, 635,000 shares, and 635,000 shares, respectively, of
our common stock at an exercise price of 0.30 per share. Each of the foregoing convertible notes and warrants provide that no holder
of these notes or warrants will be permitted to convert such notes or exercise such warrants to the extent that the holder or any of its
affiliates would beneficially own in excess of 4.99 of our common stock after such conversion or exercise. 

Articles of Incorporation and Bylaw Provisions 

Our articles of incorporation and bylaws include
a number of anti-takeover provisions that may have the effect of encouraging persons considering unsolicited tender offers or other unilateral
takeover proposals to negotiate with our board of directors rather than pursue non-negotiated takeover attempts. These provisions include: 

Advance Notice Requirements . Our bylaws
establish advance notice procedures with regard to stockholder proposals relating to the nomination of candidates for election as directors
or new business to be brought before meetings of stockholders. These procedures provide that notice of stockholder proposals must be timely
and given in writing to our corporate Secretary. Generally, to be timely, notice must be received at our principal executive offices not
fewer than 120 calendar days prior to the first anniversary date on which our notice of meeting and related proxy statement were mailed
to stockholders in connection with the previous year s annual meeting of stockholders. The notice must contain the information required
by the bylaws, including information regarding the proposal and the proponent. 

Special Meetings of Stockholders . Our bylaws
provide that special meetings of stockholders may be called at any time by only the Chairman of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer,
the President or the board of directors, or in their absence or disability, by any vice president. 

No Written Consent of Stockholders . Our
articles of incorporation and bylaws provide that any action required or permitted to be taken by stockholders must be effected at a duly
called annual or special meeting of stockholders and may not be effected by any consent in writing by such stockholders. 

Amendment of Bylaws . Our stockholders may
amend any provisions of our bylaws by obtaining the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of each class of issued and outstanding
shares of our voting securities, at a meeting called for the purpose of amending and/or restating our bylaws. 

Preferred Stock . Our articles of incorporation
authorizes our board of directors to create and issue rights entitling our stockholders to purchase shares of our stock or other securities.
The ability of our board to establish the rights and issue substantial amounts of preferred stock without the need for stockholder approval
may delay or deter a change in control of us. See Preferred Stock above. 

Nevada Takeover Statute 

The Nevada Revised Statutes contain provisions
governing the acquisition of a controlling interest in certain Nevada corporations. Nevada s acquisition of controlling interest 
statutes (NRS 78.378 through 78.3793, inclusive) contain provisions governing the acquisition of a controlling interest in certain Nevada
corporations. These control share laws provide generally that any person that acquires a controlling interest 
in certain Nevada corporations may be denied voting rights, unless a majority of the disinterested stockholders of the corporation elects
to restore such voting rights. These laws will apply to us if we were to have 200 or more stockholders of record (at least 100 of whom
have addresses in Nevada appearing on our stock ledger) and do business in the State of Nevada directly or through an affiliated corporation,
unless our articles of incorporation or bylaws in effect on the tenth day after the acquisition of a controlling interest provide otherwise.
These laws provide that a person acquires a controlling interest whenever a person acquires shares of a subject corporation
that, but for the application of these provisions of the NRS, would enable that person to exercise (1) one-fifth or more, but less than
one-third, (2) one-third or more, but less than a majority or (3) a majority or more, of all of the voting power of the corporation in
the election of directors. Once an acquirer crosses one of these thresholds, shares which it acquired in the transaction taking it over
the threshold and within the 90 days immediately preceding the date when the acquiring person acquired or offered to acquire a controlling
interest become control shares to which the voting restrictions described above apply. These laws may have a chilling effect
on certain transactions if our amended and restated articles of incorporation or amended and restated bylaws are not amended to provide
that these provisions do not apply to us or to an acquisition of a controlling interest, or if our disinterested stockholders do not confer
voting rights in the control shares. 

3 

Nevada s combinations with interested
stockholders statutes (NRS 78.411 through 78.444, inclusive) provide that specified types of business combinations 
between certain Nevada corporations and any person deemed to be an interested stockholder of the corporation are prohibited
for two years after such person first becomes an interested stockholder unless the corporation s board of directors
approves the combination (or the transaction by which such person becomes an interested stockholder in advance, or unless
the combination is approved by the board of directors and 60 of the corporation s voting power not beneficially owned by the interested
stockholder, its affiliates and associates. Furthermore, in the absence of prior approval certain restrictions may apply even after such
two-year period. For purposes of these statutes, an interested stockholder is any person who is (1) the beneficial owner,
directly or indirectly, of 10 or more of the voting power of the outstanding voting shares of the corporation, or (2) an affiliate or
associate of the corporation and at any time within the two previous years was the beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of 10 or
more of the voting power of the then-outstanding shares of the corporation. The definition of the term combination is sufficiently
broad to cover most significant transactions between a corporation and an interested stockholder . These laws generally apply
to Nevada corporations with 200 or more stockholders of record. However, a Nevada corporation may elect in its articles of incorporation
not to be governed by these particular laws, but if such election is not made in the corporation s original articles of incorporation,
the amendment (1) must be approved by the affirmative vote of the holders of stock representing a majority of the outstanding voting power
of the corporation not beneficially owned by interested stockholders or their affiliates and associates, and (2) is not effective until
18 months after the vote approving the amendment and does not apply to any combination with a person who first became an interested stockholder
on or before the effective date of the amendment. We have not made such an election in our original articles of incorporation or in our
amended and restated articles of incorporation. 

Limitations on Liability and Indemnification of Officers and Directors 

Our articles of incorporation and bylaws limit
the liability of our officers and directors and provide that we will indemnify our officers and directors, in each case, to the fullest
extent permitted by the Nevada Revised Statutes. We expect to obtain additional directors and officers liability insurance
coverage prior to the completion of this offering. 

Listing 

Our common stock is listed on the NASDAQ Capital
Market under the symbol EBET. 

Transfer Agent 

The transfer agent for our common stock is Continental
Stock Transfer and Trust located at 1 State Street, 30 th Floor, New York, NY 10004. 

4 

</EX-4.7>

<EX-10.14>
 3
 esports_ex1014.htm
 FIRST AMENDED AND RESTATED EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT BETWEEN ESPORTS TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND JAMES PURCELL DATED DECEMBER 22, 2021

EXHIBIT 10.14 

FIRST AMENDED AND RESTATED EMPLOYMENT
AGREEMENT 

This First Amended and Restated
Employment Agreement the Agreement ), together with all other documents herein referred to, forms your Terms and Conditions
of Employment and sets out particulars of the terms on which of Esportsbook Technologies Limited the Company ), having its
registered office at 1 Terenure Place, Terenure, Dublin 6W, Ireland, employs Jim Purcell (hereinafter you and / or Employee as employee. 

The Agreement constitutes the
written statement of your terms and conditions of employment which the Company is required to give you under Section 3 of the Terms of
Employment (Information) Act, 1994, together with any documentation which may be produced and distributed from time to time by or for
and on behalf of the Company and which is stated as being contractually binding on you. 

This First Amended and Restated
Agreement of Employment Terms shall supersede and replace in full that certain Employment Agreement entered by and between the parties
effective as of March 18, 2021 Original Agreement ). In the case of any inconsistency between the Agreement and any documentation
referred to therein (including the Original Agreement), the Agreement shall prevail and supersedes and replaces and earlier statement,
contract, letter or notice (verbal or written) relating to your employment with the Company. 

THE EFFECTIVE DATE 

Your employment commenced on the
effective date of the Original Agreement and you have been continually employed with the Company as an employee since and shall continue
hereafter based on the terms and conditions stated hereunder until terminated. This Agreement shall be deemed effective as of full execution
hereof Effective Date and executed as of the mutual date of execution hereinbelow. 

JOB TITLE 

You are employed as Chief Financial
Officer CFO and Managing Director of the Company and as CFO of Esports Technologies, Inc, a Nevada corporation, parent
of Company EBET and your duties will be as advised by the CEO of EBET. Your duties may be modified from time to time to
suit the needs of the business. 

APPLICABLE LAW 

The terms and conditions of your
employment shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws applicable to the Republic of Ireland and the parties shall
submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Courts and Tribunals of Ireland. 

PLACE OF WORK 

Your normal place of employment will be working from
your home office at 128b Kimmage Road, Lower Harold s Cross Dublin D6WNY24. However, you also agree to work at any Company place
of business on a temporary or permanent basis as the Company or the Company may reasonably require. You will also be prepared to undertake
any reasonable travel on business which is deemed necessary by the Company or the Company. 

1 

As this is a homeworking arrangement
you agree to complete a self-certification risk assessment confirmation in respect of the suitability of your home as a workplace and
to comply with the Company s policy on homeworking. You further agree to notify your home insurance provider that you will be working
from home and to make the necessary amendments to your insurance policy to ensure that the Company is indemnified against any claims in
respect of your homeworking arrangement including but not limited to personal injuries. 

However, the Company reserves the
right and by signing this agreement you hereby agree to carry out your work, either on a temporary or permanent basis, at such location
as the Company may reasonably require from time to time. 

The Company reserves the right to change the place of your
employment, in which event you will be given four weeks notice. 

HOURS OF WORK 

Your normal hours of work are 8
per day, 40 per week, 10.00 a.m. to 6.00 p.m. Monday to Friday. You will receive appropriate unpaid rest breaks depending on the length
of your shift and in accordance with the Organisation of Working Time Act 1997. 

From time to time, you may be required
to travel and/or work such additional time outside normal core hours as may be required to complete your responsibilities without additional
remuneration, holidays or leave. 

MINIMUM REST PERIODS 

As part of your employment, and in accordance with the Organisation
of Working Time Act, if you work more than 4.5 hours you will be entitled to a 15 minute unpaid rest break each day. If you work for more
than six hours you will be entitled to a 30 minute unpaid rest break each day (which may be inclusive of the previous 15 minute break).
As part of your employment you will also be entitled to a daily rest period of 11 consecutive hours in a 24 hour period and a weekly rest
period of 24 consecutive hours per seven days, following a daily rest period. Should you fail to receive your breaks or rest periods you
should notify the CEO or the Company in writing, within one week and they will seek to ensure you are afforded this as soon as possible.
Breaks over and above Minimum entitlements are specified in the Hours of Work section and are further set out in the Organisation
of Working Time Act 1997. 

REMUNERATION 

You base salary for
so long as you are employed hereunder shall be Two Hundred Thirteen Thousand and Four Hundred Euro 213,400) per annum as compensation
to be paid in regular payments, in accordance with Employer s salary payment procedures as in effect from time to time. This salary
has been approved by the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors of Company Committee and shall be reviewed from
time to time during the Term of this Agreement by the Committee. 

Your salary is subject to deduction
of tax, USC, PRSI and any other deductions required by law or provided for under this agreement. In accordance with section 23 of the
National Minimum Wage Act, 2000, you may request a written statement of your average hourly rate of pay for any pay reference period falling
within the previous 12 months. For the purposes of the National Minimum Wage Act, the pay reference period is a calendar month. 

You are not entitled to payment
for additional hours as this is reflected in your current salary. The Company will ensure at all times that its obligations under National
Minimum Age regulations are met. 

BENEFITS 

Your salary
amount includes an additional 1,000 per month health care and benefit stipend, which will be paid with your monthly salary payments.
The company has complete discretion to manage, adjust or withdraw these amounts. This stipend will no longer be made, if the company provides
adequate health care and benefits package to their employees. 

2 

1. Option Grant. For the avoidance of doubt and as confirmation
of same, on the effective date of the Original Agreement, you were granted an option, to purchase 280,000 shares of Company common stock
at an exercise price of USD 2.00 per share (the Option Grant ). The Option Grant has a term of 7 years and vests (provided
Employee remains continuously employed by Company on and does not resign or your employment is terminated prior to each such vesting)
in equal increments of 70,000 each over the four annual anniversary dates commencing after the first full year subsequent to the effective
date of the Original Agreement. The Option Grant has been made pursuant to the Esports Technologies, Inc. 2020 Stock Plan, and shall in
all respects be subject to the terms and conditions of such plan. The Option Grant and any and all shares issued pursuant to any exercise
of same shall be subject at all times to the share restrictions that are outlined in Exhibit A attached hereto. 

2. Bonus Eligibility: 

a. For the avoidance of doubt and confirmation only,
you were paid a cash bonus of 45,000 upon the listing of EBET on the NASDAQ. This bonus event has occurred and said bonus has been
paid in full. 

b. Commencing on the Effective Date hereof, you will
be entitled to a performance bonus of 40 of your base salary based on key performance indicators set by EBET and its Compensation Committee
of the Board of Directors and as the Company and/or Company may in its absolute discretion determine from time to time. The terms of the
bonus plan will be provided by and discussed with the EBET CEO. The Company and/or Company reserve the right to amend the terms of this
bonus structure at its absolute discretion. 

3. RSU Grant: Contemporaneous with the execution of this Agreement, Employee will receive a restricted stock unit award (the RSU
Grant for 20,000 of the Company s shares of common stock subject to vesting in accordance herewith. The RSU Grant shall
vest in four equal tranches of 5,000 RSU s each, vesting on each annual anniversary date of this Agreement and commencing on the
Effective Date hereof and for the four annual anniversary dates thereafter and provided Employee is employed on each such vesting date.
The foregoing grant shall be made pursuant to the Company s 2020 Stock Plan and an RSU Grant Agreement, and shall in all respects
be subject to the terms and conditions of such plan and agreement. 

The terms of your employment shall
not be affected in any way by your participation or entitlement to participate in any long-term incentive plan or share option scheme.
Except for the above, such schemes and/or plans shall not form part of the terms of your employment (express or implied). In calculating
any payment, compensation or damages on the termination of your employment for whatever reason (whether lawful or unlawful) which might
otherwise be payable to you, no account shall be taken of your participation in any such schemes and/or plans or any impact upon participation
such termination may have. The Company reserves the right to withdraw or vary any such plans or schemes at its absolute discretion and
your participation in any such schemes or plans is a privilege rather than a contractual entitlement. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, the vesting of the entirety
of the Option Grant referenced hereinabove will accelerate and occur upon any acquisition or merger transaction whereby a change of control
of the shareholders of EBET occurs. For the avoidance of doubt, the term change of control shall mean a change of more than
50 of the beneficial ownership of the total issued and outstanding EBET common stock shares. 

ANNUAL HOLIDAYS 

Your holiday year begins on 1st
January and ends on 31st December each year. If you work for at least 1365 hours during the holiday year you will receive a paid holiday
entitlement of five of your working weeks during the complete holiday year. Alternatively you will receive a paid holiday entitlement
of 8 of the total hours worked in the leave year, subject to a maximum of four of your working weeks. You must remain in employment with
the Company for the complete holiday year to avail of the full entitlement. 

For part years of service your
entitlement will be calculated as 1/52nd of the annual entitlement for each completed week of service during that holiday year. 

Conditions relating to the taking
of annual holidays are shown in the Employee Handbook to which you should refer. 

3 

PUBLIC HOLIDAYS 

In addition to the annual holiday
entitlement you are allowed the following public/bank holidays each year with pay or alternative days as decided by us:- 

New Year's Day 
 The first Monday in August 
 
 St Patrick's Day 
 The last Monday in October 
 
 Easter Monday 
 Christmas Day 
 
 The first Monday in
May 
 St Stephen's Day 
 
 The first Monday in June 

For full time workers there is
no service requirement in respect of benefits for Public Holiday entitlements, for part time workers you must have worked 40 hours in
the preceding five weeks to the Public Holiday to benefit from the Public Holiday entitlement. If you are not required to work on one
of the above days, and it is a day you do not normally work, you will receive one fifth of your last normal weekly wage for that day.
In the event of you working on one of the above days, in addition to basic pay for the hours worked, you will either be paid an additional
days pay calculated on the basis of the number of hours worked on your last working day before the Public Holiday or you will receive
the appropriate time off in lieu, at our discretion. The date when time off in lieu is taken must be mutually agreed with us. 

JOB FLEXIBILITY 

It is an express condition of
employment that you are prepared, whenever necessary, to transfer to any alternative departments or duties either on a temporary or permanent
basis within our business. This flexibility is essential as the type and volume of work is always subject to change, and it allows us
to operate efficiently and gain maximum potential from our work force. This may also include performing services for and on behalf of
one or more of the Company's affiliated entities. 

SICKNESS PAY AND CONDITIONS 

There is no contractual sickness/injury payments scheme
in addition to state benefit save unless otherwise provided for by Statute. 

In case of sickness or other incapacity
for work, you must comply with the Company's policy from time to time in force, regarding notification and medical certification. Failure
to do so may result in disciplinary action and/or termination of sick pay (if applicable). 

The Company reserves the right
to have you medically examined by a doctor and/or medical consultant at any time during employment. By signing this Agreement you agree
that any information or report arising from such examination shall be disclosed to the Company and that the Company is entitled to make
relevant determinations based on the advice of its nominated doctor and/or consultant. 

Failure to attend at a medical
examination when requested to do so may result in disciplinary action and/or termination of sick pay (if applicable). 

The Company has issued to you
and will be issuing from time to time an updated Employee Handbook, and Employee agrees to those policies will be part of his agreement
with the Company so long as they do not contradict the terms set forth in this Agreement. 

NOTICE OF TERMINATION TO BE GIVEN BY THE COMPANY 

120 days advance notice in writing (Company may elect to
make an up front lump sum payment of Employee salary for said 120 day period upon notice of termination and immediately dismiss Employee
upon payment of same). 

4 

NOTICE OF TERMINATION TO BE GIVEN BY EMPLOYEE 

Under 13 weeks service - Nil. 

 13 weeks service or more - 4 weeks. 

We reserve the contractual right to give pay in lieu of
all or any part of the above notice by either party. Notice will be effective on the day that it is given. 

If the Company terminates your
employment other than in accordance with its rights, any entitlement to damage for the breach of contract will be assessed on normal common
law principles (including your obligation to mitigate your loss). In the event of notice by either party, the Company may request you
to take garden leave and not to attend for work or perform duties during all or part of the notice period. During that time
you will continue to be employed by the Company and continue to owe duties of fidelity and good faith to the Company, but you will no
longer continue to vest into any shares pursuant to any agreements with the Company. You will remain bound by the terms of this Agreement
and shall not be entitled to enter into any other employment. 

TRAINING AGREEMENT 

As part of your employment, you
may receive training from external providers from to time. Should your employment with the Company end within one year of receiving such
training you may be required to re- pay the Company a portion of the cost of providing such training. Further details are provided for
in the Training Agreement. 

NON DISPARAGEMENT 

You acknowledge that the Company
and each affiliated entity would be irreparably damaged if you were to take actions that would damage or misappropriate the goodwill of
the Company and/or the affiliated entity. Accordingly, you agree during the Term of Employment and at all times thereafter not to take
any actions or to make, publish or endorse any statements or communications to any third party (whether verbal or in writing) that: (i)
disparage, defame, ridicule, criticize, or are derogatory or otherwise reflect adversely upon, the Company and/or each affiliated entity,
and their respective businesses, services, products (including, without limitation, shows and other media content produced and/or distributed
by the Company and/or each affiliated entity, and the host talent and guests related to such shows and content), managers, directors,
members, contractors or employees (in their capacity as such); and/or (ii) could reasonably be expected to cause injury to the relationships
between the Company and/or each affiliated entity and their respective customers, subscribers, vendors, advertisers, suppliers, distributors,
employees, contractors, consultants or other business associates. The limitations in this paragraph apply to any and all statements and
communications, including, but not limited to, any statements and communications made via websites, blogs, and postings to the Internet,
or e-mail messages, whether or not they are made anonymously or through the use of a pseudonym. However, the limitations in this paragraph
do not apply to truthful statements made in connection with the legal process, governmental testimony or filings, or administrative or
arbitral proceedings (including, without limitation, depositions in connection with such proceedings), or in connection with statutorily
privileged statements made to governmental or law enforcement agencies relating to rights protected under Irish law; provided that when
possible, any public records or filings in connection with such legal process, governmental testimony, filings, administrative or arbitral
proceedings, and statements made to governmental agencies in connection therewith, shall be made on a sealed or other confidential basis
and made subject to a protective order. For the avoidance of doubt, nothing in this Agreement shall prevent you from making a protected
disclosure under the Protected Disclosures Act 2014. 

PERSONAL RETIREMENT SAVINGS ACCOUNT (PRSA) 

There is a personal retirement
savings account (PRSA) scheme applicable to your employment, details of which are available separately. The Company does not contribute
to PRSA. The Company does not operate a pension scheme to which you have access. 

5 

RESTRICTIVE COVENANTS 

You confirm that you have read,
understood and agree to the terms and conditions of the Restrictive Covenants Agreement which has been provided to you separately. 

You further confirm that any breach
by you of the provisions of the Restrictive Covenants Agreement will be regarded by the Company as a serious disciplinary matter and may,
if committed while you are employed by the Company, result in disciplinary actions being taken against you up to and including dismissal
without notice. 

INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY 

You confirm that you have read,
understood and agree to the terms and conditions of the Restrictive Covenants Agreement which has been provided to you separately. 

You further confirm that any breach
by you of the provisions of the Restrictive Covenants Agreement will be regarded by the Company as a serious disciplinary matter and may,
if committed while you are employed by the Company, result in disciplinary actions being taken against you up to and including dismissal
without notice. 

DATA PROTECTION 

Details of
how and why the Company processes your personal data are contained in the Company's data protection policy and Privacy Notice. You will
be asked to acknowledge receipt of the data protection and Privacy Notice. 

The Company also has a data protection
policy which is applicable to all employees. For further information on data protection procedures and processes please refer to the data
protection policy. 

The Company reserves the right
to change, replace or withdraw its data protection policy at any time and you are required to comply with all policies and procedures
in force from time to time. Failure to comply with the data protection policy may lead to disciplinary action, up to and including dismissal. 

RETIREMENT AGE 

The normal retirement age in our Company
is in line with State Pension Age. 

SAFETY 

We take our obligations regarding
the safety, health and welfare of our employees seriously and in this regard your attention is drawn to our Safety Agreement which is
available on the premises. 

DEDUCTIONS FROM PAY 

For the purpose of the Payment
of Wages Act 1991, as amended, the Company shall be entitled to deduct from your salary or other payments due to you any sums which you
may owe to the Company at any time (including but not limited to overpayment of wages, holiday pay, expenses, or sick pay, if applicable). 

6 

You confirm that you have read,
understood and agree to the policies in relation to deductions from pay, and agree that the Company may make deductions in line with the
procedures set out in the Employee Handbook and the Deductions from Pay Agreement. 

MISCELLANEOUS 

Unless the context otherwise requires,
words denoting the singular include the plural and words denoting the masculine include the feminine and vice versa. 

No failure or delay by the Company
in exercising any remedy, right, power of privilege under or in relation to this agreement or at law shall operate as a waiver of the
same nor shall any single or partial exercise of any remedy, right, power or privilege preclude any further exercise of the same or the
exercise of any other remedy, right, power or privilege. 

This agreement contains the entire
agreement between the parties. All previous agreements, understandings, assurances, statements, promises, warranties, representations
or misrepresentations (whether written or oral) between the parties are superseded by this agreement including the Original Agreement. 

If any provision of the agreement
should be declared void or unenforceable by a court of administrative body of competent jurisdiction, the validity of the remaining provisions
shall not be affected. 

The information contained in this
agreement constitutes a written statement of particulars of your employment with the Company in accordance with the requirements of section
3 of the Terms of Employment (Information) Act 1994 to 2014. 

AMENDMENTS TO TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF EMPLOYMENT 

The Company reserves the right
to make reasonable amendments to your terms and conditions of employment, and will provide you with 28 days notice of any change
coming into effect, taking into account the requirements of the business. 

7 

I hereby verify that through signing
this statement of main terms of employment I have read, understood and accept all terms and conditions in relation to my employment with
Esportsbook Technologies, Limited. 

I acknowledge receipt of this statement. 

FOR: Esportsbook Technologies Limited 

/s/ Aaron Speach 

 Managing Director 

Effective Date: 

SIGNATURE: 
 /s/ James Purcell 
 Employee 

DATE: 
 12/22/2021 

8 

EXHIBIT A 

As such, the
undersigned hereby agrees that, the undersigned will not, during the Lock-Up Period (as defined below), (1) offer, pledge, sell, contract
to sell, grant, lend, or otherwise transfer or dispose of, directly or indirectly, the Shares; (2) enter into any swap or other arrangement
that transfers to another, in whole or in part, any of the economic consequences of ownership of the Shares, whether any such transaction
described in clause (1) or (2) above is to be settled by delivery of Shares, in cash or otherwise; or (3) publicly disclose the intention
to make any offer, sale, pledge or disposition, or to enter into any transaction, swap, hedge or other arrangement relating to any Shares. 

The Lock-Up Period shall mean: 

From and after
the date hereof and until 15 months day after the date the Common Stock is first listed for trading on a national securities exchange
(such first trading day, the Lock-Up Trigger Date ), the undersigned agrees not to sell, transfer or otherwise dispose
of any Shares. 

After such
15-month period and until 24 months from the closing of the IPO, such individuals and entities may sell their shares pursuant to the following
criteria: 

(i) if our common stock price is over 7.00 per share
for five consecutive trading days then the holder can sell up to 3 of their holdings on a monthly basis, subject to a maximum sale on
any trading day of 3 of the daily volume; 

(ii) if our common stock price is over 10.00 per share
for five consecutive trading days then the holder can sell up to an additional 5 of their holdings on a monthly basis, subject to a maximum
sale on any trading day of 3 of the daily volume; and 

(iii) if our common stock price is over 14.00 per share
then the holder is not restricted from making any sales until such time as our common stock price falls back below 14.00 per share. 

In addition to the restrictions noted above, the undersigned
will be limited on any trading day to selling less than 3 of the day s trading volume. 

The undersigned
also agrees and consents to the entry of stop transfer instructions with the Company s transfer agent and registrar against the
transfer of the undersigned s Shares except in compliance with this lock-up agreement. The undersigned understands that in addition
to the lock-up provisions of this agreement, the Shares are also subject to all any restrictions imposed by the Securities Act of 1933,
as amended. 

The undersigned
understands that the Company relying upon this lock-up agreement in proceeding the Offering. The undersigned further understands that
this lock-up agreement is irrevocable and shall be binding upon the undersigned s heirs, legal representatives, successors and
assigns. 

(Name - Please Print) 

(Signature) 

(Name of Signatory, in the case of entities - Please Print) 

(Title of Signatory, in the case of entities - Please Print) 

Address: 

Date: __________________ 

9 

</EX-10.14>

<EX-21>
 4
 esports_ex2100.htm
 LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES

EXHIBIT 21 

List of Subsidiaries 

Name 
 Jurisdiction 
 Ownership 
 
 Global Esports Entertainment Group, LLC 
 Nevada 
 100 owned by Company 
 
 Esports Tech Holdings LLC 
 Nevada 
 100 owned by Company 
 
 Esportsbook Technologies Ltd. 
 Ireland 
 100 owned by Company 
 
 ESEG Ltd. 
 Belize 
 100 owned by Global Esports Entertainment Group, LLC 
 
 Gogawi Entertainment Group 
 Cyprus 
 100 owned by ESEG Ltd. 
 
 Esports Product Technologies Malta Ltd. 
 Malta 
 100 owned by Esportsbook Technologies Ltd. 
 
 Esports Marketing Technologies Ltd. 
 Gibraltar 
 100 owned by Esportsbook Technologies Ltd. 
 
 Karamba Ltd. 
 Malta 
 100 owned by Esports Product Technologies Malta Ltd. 
 
 Esports Product Trading Malta Limited 
 Malta 
 100 owned by Esports Marketing Technologies Ltd. 

</EX-21>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 esports_ex3101.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT 31.1 

CERTIFICATION BY OFFICER 

I, Aaron Speach, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2021 of Esports Technologies, Inc.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15(d)-15(f)) for the registrant and we have: 

a. 
 designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
 [intentionally omitted]; 

c. 
 evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. 
 disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. 
 all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. 
 any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: December 23, 2021 
 By: 
 /s/ Aaron Speech 

Aaron Speech 

Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 esports_ex3102.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT 31.2 

CERTIFICATION BY OFFICER 

I, James Purcell, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2021 of Esports Technologies, Inc.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15(d)-15(f)) for the registrant and we have: 

a. 
 designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
 [intentionally omitted]; 

c. 
 evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. 
 disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. 
 all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. 
 any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: December 23, 2021 
 By: 
 /s/ James Purcell 

James Purcell 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 esports_ex3201.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT 32.1 

CERTIFICATION OF OFFICER 

Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002 

(Subsections (a) and (b) of Section 1350,
Chapter 63 of Title 18, United States Code) 

Pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
of 2002 (subsections (a) and (b) of section 1350, chapter 63 of title 18, United States Code), the undersigned officer
of Esports Technologies, Inc., a Nevada corporation (the Company ), does hereby certify, to such officer s knowledge,
that: 

The Form 10-K for the year ended September
30, 2021 (the Report of the Company fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended, and information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and
results of operations of the Company. 

Date: December 23, 2021 
 By: 
 /s/ Aaron Speach 

Aaron Speech 

Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 8
 esports_ex3202.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT 32.2 

CERTIFICATION OF OFFICER 

Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002 

(Subsections (a) and (b) of Section 1350,
Chapter 63 of Title 18, United States Code) 

Pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
of 2002 (subsections (a) and (b) of section 1350, chapter 63 of title 18, United States Code), the undersigned officer
of Esports Technologies, Inc., a Nevada corporation (the Company ), does hereby certify, to such officer s knowledge,
that: 

The Form 10-K for the year ended September
30, 2021 (the Report of the Company fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended, and information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and
results of operations of the Company. 

Date: December 23, 2021 
 By: 
 /s/ James Purcell 

James Purcell 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 ebet-20210930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 ebet-20210930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 ebet-20210930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 ebet-20210930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

