<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20211123_10-K_edgar_data_794172_0001193125-21-337663.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>11880738</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>282461</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1963576</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4360500</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2466770</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2352817</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>13</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001193125-21-337663.hdr.sgml : 20211123
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20211123084609
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-21-337663
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		106
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20210930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20211123
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20211123

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			MERIDIAN BIOSCIENCE INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000794172
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	IN VITRO & IN VIVO DIAGNOSTIC SUBSTANCES [2835]
		IRS NUMBER:				310888197
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			OH
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0930

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-14902
		FILM NUMBER:		211434822

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3471 RIVER HILLS DR
		CITY:			CINCINNATI
		STATE:			OH
		ZIP:			45244
		BUSINESS PHONE:		5132713700

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3471 RIVER HILLS DRIVE
		CITY:			CINCINNATI
		STATE:			OH
		ZIP:			45244

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	MERIDIAN DIAGNOSTICS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001193125-21-337663.txt : 20211123

10-K
 1
 d228317d10k.htm
 10-K

10-K 

Table of Contents 
 UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED . 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

FOR THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM 
 TO 

Commission File No. 

, 

IRS Employer ID No. 

State of Incorporation: 

Phone: ) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class

Trading Symbol

Name of each exchange on which registered

, No Par Value

(NASDAQ Global Select Market)

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 

None 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. YES NO 

 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. YES NO 

Table of Contents 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. YES NO 

 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T
 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). YES NO 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated
 filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2
 of the Exchange Act. 

Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Exchange Act Rule 12b-2). YES NO 
 
 The aggregate market value of Common Shares held by non-affiliates
 as of March 31, 2021 was based on a closing sale price of 26.25 per share on March 31, 2021. As of October 31, 2021, shares of Common Stock, no par value, were issued and outstanding. 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

 Portions of the Proxy Statement for the 2022 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, which will be filed within one hundred and twenty days of the fiscal year ended September 30, 2021 (2022 Proxy Statement), are incorporated by reference into Part III of this report to the extent described herein. 

Table of Contents 
 MERIDIAN BIOSCIENCE, INC. 

INDEX TO ANNUAL REPORT 

ON FORM 10-K

Page

Part I 

Item 1

Business 

5

Item 1A

Risk Factors 

11

Item 1B

Unresolved Staff Comments 

24 

Item 2

Properties 

24 

Item 3

Legal Proceedings 

24 

Item 4

Mine Safety Disclosures 

25 

Part II 

Item 5

Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

25

Item 6

Intentionally Omitted 

26

Item 7

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

26

Item 7A

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 

37

Item 8

Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

38

Item 9

Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

74

Item 9A

Controls and Procedures 

74

Item 9B

Other Information 

75

Part III 

Item 10

Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

75

Item 11

Executive Compensation 

75

Item 12

Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

76

Item 13

Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

76

Item 14

Principal Accountant Fees and Services 

76

Item 15

Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 

76

Item 16

Form 10-K Summary 

78

NOTE ABOUT FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This report includes estimates, projections, statements relating to our business plans, objectives, and expected operating results that are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Forward-looking statements may appear throughout this report, including the following sections: Business (Part I, Item 1 of this Form 10-K),
 Risk Factors (Part I, Item 1A of this Form 10-K),
 and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (Part II, Item 7 of this Form 10-K).
 These forward-looking statements generally are identified by the words believe, project, expect, anticipate, estimate, intend, strategy, future, opportunity, plan, may, should, will, would, will be, will continue, will likely result, and similar expressions. Forward-looking statements are based on current expectations and assumptions that are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially. We describe risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results and events to differ materially in Risk Factors, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk (Part II, Item 7A of this Form 10-K)
 and elsewhere in this Form 10-K.
 Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date they are made. We undertake no obligation to update or revise publicly any forward-looking statements, whether because of new information, future events, the novel coronavirus COVID-19 pandemic, or otherwise. 
 Unless the context requires otherwise, references in this Annual Report on Form 10-K
 Form 10-K to Meridian, we, us, our, Company, or our company refer to Meridian Bioscience, Inc. and its subsidiaries. 

Table of Contents 
 In the discussion that follows, all dollar amounts and share amounts are in thousands (both tables and text), except per share data. 

 This Form 10-K
 refers to trademarks such as Alethia 

, BreathID 

, BreathTek 

, Curian 

, HpSA 
, Immuno Card

, Immuno Card

 STAT! 

, LeadCare 

, MyTaq 
, PREMIER 

, revogene 

and SensiFAST 
, which are protected under applicable intellectual property laws and are our property. Solely for convenience, our trademarks and tradenames referred to in this Form 10-K
 may appear without the 

or 
 symbols, but such references are not intended to indicate in any way that we will not assert, to the fullest extent under applicable law, our rights to these trademarks and tradenames. Our molecular diagnostic test platform formerly known under the tradenames illumi

gene

 and illumi

pro

, has been rebranded under the tradename Alethia. References to Alethia throughout this Form 10-K
 refer to our molecular diagnostic tests and instrumentation formerly marketed and sold under the illumi

gene

 and illumi

pro

 brands. Such references are not intended to indicate, in any way, that we will not assert, to the fullest extent permitted by law, our rights to our trademarks. 

WEBSITE AND SOCIAL MEDIA DISCLOSURE 

We use our website www.meridianbioscience.com) and our corporate Facebook, Instagram, LinkedIn, Twitter, Vimeo and YouTube accounts as channels of distribution of company information. The information we post through these channels may be deemed material. Accordingly, investors should monitor these channels, in addition to following our press releases, Securities and Exchange Commission SEC filings and public conference calls and webcasts. The contents of our website and social media channels are not, however, a part of this report. 
 MARKET AND INDUSTRY INFORMATION 

Market data used throughout this Form 10-K
 is based on management s knowledge of the industry and good faith estimates of management. All of management s estimates presented herein are based on industry sources, including analyst reports and management s knowledge. We also relied, to the extent available, upon management s review of independent industry surveys and publications prepared by a number of sources and other publicly available information. We are responsible for all of the disclosures in this Form 10-K
 and while we believe that each of the publications, studies and surveys used throughout this Form 10-K
 are prepared by reputable sources, we have not independently verified market and industry data from third-party sources. 
 All of the market data used in this Form 10-K
 involves a number of assumptions and limitations, and you are cautioned not to give undue weight to such estimates. While we believe the estimated market position, market opportunity and market size information included in this Form 10-K
 is generally reliable, such information, which in part is derived from management s estimates and beliefs, is inherently uncertain and imprecise and has not been verified by any independent source. Projections, assumptions and estimates of our future performance and the future performance of the industry in which we operate are subject to a high degree of uncertainty and risk due to a variety of factors, including those described in Item 1A. Risk Factors of Part I of this Form 10-K
 and elsewhere in this Form 10-K.
 These and other factors could cause results to differ materially from those expressed in our estimates and beliefs and in the estimates prepared by independent parties. 

- 4 - 

Table of Contents 
 PART I. 

 ITEM 1. 

 BUSINESS 

 Overview 

Meridian is a fully-integrated life science company with principal businesses in: (i) the development, manufacture, sale and distribution of diagnostic testing systems and kits, primarily for certain gastrointestinal and respiratory infectious diseases, and elevated blood lead levels; and (ii) the manufacture and distribution of bulk antigens, antibodies, immunoassay blocking reagents, specialized Polymerase Chain Reaction PCR master mixes, and bioresearch reagents used by other diagnostic test manufacturers and researchers in immunological and molecular tests for human, animal, plant and environmental applications. 

Our website is www.meridianbioscience.com
. We make available our Annual Reports on Form 10-K,
 Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q,
 Current Reports on Form 8-K,
 Proxy Statements and any amendments thereto, free of charge through this website, as soon as reasonably practicable after such material has been electronically filed with or furnished to the SEC. The SEC maintains an internet site containing these filings and other information regarding Meridian at www.sec.gov
. The information on our website is not and should not be considered part of this Form 10-K.
 
 Reportable Segments 

Our reportable segments are Diagnostics and Life Science, both of which are headquartered in Cincinnati, Ohio. We describe these reportable segments in this Business section and in other locations in this report: 

Type of Segment Information

Location within Form 10-K

Physical locations and activities 
 
 Item 2. Properties 

Revenue by geographic region 
 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition Results of Operations (hereafter MD A 

Financial information 
 
 Item 8. Note 15 of Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Diagnostics Segment 

Products and Markets 

Prior to the onset of the COVID-19
 pandemic early in 2020, our largest source of net revenues was clinical diagnostic products, historically representing approximately two-thirds
 of our consolidated net revenues. However, primarily due to the effects of the COVID-19
 pandemic, our Diagnostics segment provided 40 of consolidated net revenues for fiscal 2021, following 48 of consolidated net revenues for fiscal 2020. In 2022, we expect our Diagnostics segment to contribute approximately 50 of our consolidated net revenues. 
 Our clinical diagnostic products provide accuracy, simplicity and speed; enable early diagnosis and treatment of acute medical conditions; and provide for better patient outcomes at reduced costs. We target diagnostics for disease states that: (i) are conditions where rapid diagnosis impacts patient outcomes; (ii) have opportunistic demographic and disease profiles; (iii) are underserved by current diagnostic products; and/or (iv) have difficult sample handling requirements (e.g., stool). This approach has allowed us to establish meaningful market share in our target disease states, gastrointestinal and respiratory illnesses, and tests for elevated lead levels in blood. 

Our product portfolio includes just under 200 diagnostic tests and transport media, and is marketed to acute care hospitals, reference laboratories, outpatient clinics and physician office laboratories in over 70 countries around the world. Our testing platforms include: Real-time PCR Amplification (Revogene brand); Isothermal DNA Amplification (Alethia brand); Lateral Flow Immunoassay using fluorescent chemistry (Curian brand); Rapid Immunoassay (Immuno Card

 and Immuno Card

 STAT! brands); Enzyme-linked
 Immunoassay (PREMIER brand); Anodic Stripping Voltammetry (LeadCare brands); and urea breath testing for H. pylori

 (BreathID and BreathTek brands). 

- 5 - 

Table of Contents 
 Our diagnostic assay research and development programs are focused on menu expansion for our Curian and Revogene instrument platforms, with disease targets in the gastrointestinal and respiratory areas, as well as next generation blood-chemistry testing. Currently pending clearance at the U.S. Food and Drug Administration FDA is a 510(k) application for the Curian Campylobacter assay. Our current new product development pipeline includes gastrointestinal and respiratory multi-plex assays on our Revogene instrument platform, and EHEC Shiga Toxin and C. difficile

 combo common antigen and Toxins A and B on our Curian instrument platform. In addition, we have other assays on both platforms moving through our upstream marketing assessment processes that are expected to add to the development pipeline. For our BreathID platform, we are actively looking at the feasibility of combining Urea and Citrica into a single sachet or pouch, which would meaningfully improve our cost of manufacturing BreathID assays. We are also pursuing opportunities to complement our internal research and development programs by securing rights to finished diagnostics tests that we can immediately commercialize. 
 The April 2020 acquisition of Exalenz Bioscience Ltd. Exalenz and the BreathID system, along with the July 2021 acquisition of the BreathTek business, strengthened our position in H. pylori

 testing, as these products provide an alternative non-invasive
 testing approach versus stool antigen testing. 
 Market Trends 

Despite the effects of the COVID-19
 pandemic and the intense focus on SARS-CoV-2

 testing, we believe the global market for infectious disease tests continues to expand as new disease states are identified, new therapies become available, and worldwide standards of living and access to health care improve. There is a continuing shift from conventional testing to more technologically advanced testing, which can be performed by less highly trained personnel and completed in minutes or hours. 
 The growing global pressures to contain total health care costs have accelerated the increased use of diagnostic testing. Integrated Delivery Networks IDNs in our U.S. market have the goal of increasing the efficiency of health care delivery, reducing spending and improving clinical outcomes. We believe our product portfolio positions us competitively with IDNs and health care systems that are transitioning from fee-for-service

 compensation models to value-based reimbursement. 
 We also continue to see aggregation of buying power in our U.S. market via multi-hospital group purchasing organizations and IDNs, consolidation among reference laboratories, hospital laboratories being operated by large reference laboratories, and acquisition of physician practices by hospitals, health systems and for-profit
 specialty health care companies. 
 Cost containment pressures have also affected health care systems outside the U.S., particularly in Europe, where the health care systems are generally government-run.
 The level of government budget deficits can have an adverse effect on the amount of government health care spend. 
 Sales, Marketing and Distribution 

Our Diagnostics segment relies on direct sales personnel and independent distribution networks. We have a direct sales force in four countries, covering the United States U.S. and certain major markets in the EMEA region (i.e., in Europe, the Middle East and Africa). We also use independent distributors either in a complementary manner with our direct sales force (e.g., the U.S.) or solely to supply our products to end-users.
 We have two independent distribution customers and a reference laboratory customer that together comprised 33 of Diagnostics segment net revenues in fiscal 2021, with each contributing 10 or greater of the Diagnostics segment s net revenues. 
 Competition 

Our major competitors in molecular diagnostics are Cepheid (a Danaher business) and Becton Dickinson, both of which have systems with multiple-assay menus. We also face competition in molecular diagnostics, but to a lesser degree, from companies such as Abbott (former Alere business) and Quidel. 

- 6 - 

Table of Contents 
 Our major competitors in rapid immunoassay diagnostics are primarily Abbott (former Alere business) and Quidel. In recent years, companies such as bioMerieux have captured market share in our gastrointestinal category via its BioFire multi-plex panel tests. However, since their introduction to the market, payors have raised concerns over reimbursement levels relative to clinical utility, particularly for panels with 12 or more targets. 

 For blood lead testing, we believe we have the only FDA-cleared,
 CLIA-waived point-of-care

 test available commercially. Other blood lead testing systems in use, marketed by our competitors, include Graphite Furnace Atomic Absorption Spectroscopy, which requires a highly skilled technician and larger laboratory space to operate, in addition to not being portable or suitable for point-of-care

 use. See product recall discussion included in Lead Testing Matters beginning on page 29 within MD A. 
 Research and Development 

Our Diagnostics segment s research and development personnel are organized into three pre-clinical
 teams: immunoassay, PCR-based
 molecular and blood-chemistry. We have a separate team responsible for execution of clinical trials across all three pre-clinical
 programs. Our research and development activities are focused on new product and new technology development, new applications for our existing technologies, and improvements to existing products, including assay-menu expansion. Research and development efforts may occur in-house
 or with collaborative partners. We believe that new product development is a key source for sustaining revenue growth. The products within our Revogene and Alethia molecular platforms, H. pylori

 product family and blood lead testing family were developed in-house.
 
 Manufacturing 

Our diagnostics products are manufactured at four principal sites in Billerica, Massachusetts (blood-chemistry); Cincinnati, Ohio (immunoassays and molecular tests); Modi in, Israel, (urea breath tests for H. pylori
); and Quebec City, Quebec, Canada (molecular tests). Our immunoassay and molecular assay products require the production of highly specialized reagents, primers and enzymes, and our BreathID and BreathTek products require the production of urea in pharmaceutical-grade form. We produce the vast majority of our own immunoassay requirements. Reagents, primers and enzymes for our Revogene molecular assay products, primers for our Alethia molecular assay products, and urea for our BreathID and BreathTek systems are purchased from outside vendors. Our blood lead testing products require the production of electrical chemical sensors, which we manufacture using critical raw materials purchased from outside vendors. 
 Intellectual Property, Patents and Licenses 

We own or license U.S. and foreign patents, most of which are for select products manufactured by our Diagnostics segment. These patents are used in our manufacturing processes for select products (e.g., method patents) or may relate to the design of the test device technology format (e.g., design patents). In the absence of patent protection, we may be vulnerable to competitors who successfully replicate our production and manufacturing technologies and processes. Our employees are required to sign confidentiality and non-disclosure
 agreements designed to protect our proprietary products. 
 The patents applicable to our Alethia products, which represented 4 , 7 and 12 of consolidated net revenues for fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively, have been and continue to be licensed from a third party, Eiken Chemical Co., Ltd., under a non-exclusive
 license agreement, with the last remaining U.S. patent expiring in 2022. 
 The patents for the Revogene platform and related products acquired as part of the GenePOC business are either wholly owned or licensed from two third parties, Laval University and The Regents of California, under an exclusive license agreement. These patents are issued in the U.S., European Union EU and other countries. The term of our exclusive license agreement and the related patents currently runs through June 15, 2034, after which we will be free to practice the patents without any restriction or royalty obligation. In September 2021, the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office granted to Meridian Bioscience Canada Inc. (a wholly owned subsidiary) and Laval University a patent for our current Revogene test device and its microfluidic use in our Revogene instrument. 

 The patents for the BreathID system and related urea breath test for H. pylori

 are either wholly owned or licensed from a third party, Oridion Medical 1987 Ltd., under an exclusive, royalty free, license agreement. The licensed and wholly owned patents are issued in the U.S., EU, Israel, Japan, Australia and China. The wholly owned patents have varying expiration dates, with the last being in 2033. 

- 7 - 

Table of Contents 
 The patents for our stool antigen H. pylori

 products, owned by us and which represented approximately 7 , 9 and 17 of consolidated net revenues for fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively, expired in May 2016 in the U.S. and in May 2017 in countries outside the U.S. As a result, competition with respect to our stool antigen H. pylori

 products has increased, adversely impacting our selling prices for these products, and/or our ability to retain business at prices acceptable to us. To mitigate certain of the pricing and volume pressures we face within the gastrointestinal product category, we have: (i) operated under a strategic collaboration agreement with DiaSorin to sell H. pylori

 tests; (ii) adjusted selling prices to secure volume; and (iii) upon FDA clearance in March 2020, launched Curian HpSA, our first assay on the Curian platform, which we expect will help protect our existing customer base using lateral flow tests. We also expect the BreathID and BreathTek products to mitigate competitive pressures, as these products provide an alternative non-invasive
 option to stool antigen testing. We are unable to provide assurances that we will be successful with any strategy or that any strategy will prevent an adverse effect on our future results of operations and liquidity, including net revenues and gross profit. 
 Government Regulation 

Our diagnostic products are regulated by the FDA as devices pursuant to the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act FDCA ). Under the FDCA, medical devices are classified into one of three classes (i.e., Class I, II or III). Class I and II devices are not expressly approved by the FDA, but, instead, are cleared for marketing. Class III devices generally must receive pre-market
 approval PMA from the FDA as to safety and effectiveness. Our diagnostics manufacturing facilities are subject to periodic inspection by the FDA. See page 29 within MD A for discussion regarding the FDA s inspection of our Billerica facility. 
 Each of the diagnostic products currently marketed by Meridian in the U.S. has been cleared, approved or authorized for use by the FDA or are exempt from such requirements. The majority of such products have been cleared by the FDA pursuant to its 510(k) clearance process, with our BreathTek product having been approved under the FDA s PMA process. In the case of our Revogene SARS-CoV-2

 test, it has not been FDA cleared or approved but rather has been authorized by the FDA for emergency use under its Emergency Use Authorization EUA process. We believe that most products under development will be classified as Class I or II medical devices and, in the case of most of our Class I and all Class II devices, will be eligible for 510(k) clearance; however, we can make no assurances in this regard. Our urea breath test for H. pylori 

on the BreathID system was cleared as a Class I medical device since the urea drug component was approved by the FDA separately via the New Drug Application process. Our urea breath test for H. pylori

 on the BreathTek system was approved by the FDA via the PMA process in 2012. Our SARS-CoV-2

 test on the Revogene platform was submitted to the FDA under its EUA program on June 25, 2021, with EUA being granted on November 9, 2021. 
 Sales of our diagnostic products in foreign countries are subject to foreign government regulation, which is similar to that of the FDA. Our Diagnostics segment facilities are certified to ISO 13485. 

 Following a five-year transition period, sales of our diagnostic products in the EU will be subject to new regulations under the In Vitro Diagnostics Regulation of 2017 IVDR beginning in May 2022. IVDR replaces the previous IVD Regulation (98/79/EC). In October 2021, the European Commission submitted a proposal to the European Parliament that would move back the May 2022 implementation date for diagnostic tests that are currently CE Marked to dates ranging from May 2025 to May 2028, depending on the risk classification of the diagnostic test. We have completed an assessment of needed remediation activities to comply with IVDR and also determined that several products will not be sellable under IVDR. The net revenues associated with these products are not expected to be material. New diagnostic products launched after May 2022 are required to comply with IVDR. 

 Life Science Segment 

Products and Markets 

Our Life Science segment develops, manufactures, sells and distributes bulk antigens, antibodies, immunoassay blocking reagents, specialized PCR master mixes, isothermal reagents, enzymes, nucleotides, and bioresearch reagents used predominantly by in vitro device IVD manufacturing companies, and to a lesser degree, by researchers and non-human
 clinical customers such as veterinary, food and environmental. The COVID-19
 pandemic has provided the opportunity for our Life Science segment to showcase the breadth of its reagent products across not only SARS-CoV-2

 testing platforms (molecular, rapid antigen and serology), but also RNA and DNA based molecular tests for nearly any infectious disease. For fiscal 2021, approximately 87 of Life Science segment net revenues were generated from the industrial market, defined as IVD manufacturers, and reagents for use in SARS-CoV-2

 tests contributed approximately 111,900 of net revenues, following 71,500 in fiscal 2020. We engage direct sales teams in the U.S., the United Kingdom U.K. ), France, Germany, China and Australia. During fiscal 2021, 22 of net revenues for this segment were from three IVD manufacturing customers. 

- 8 - 

Table of Contents 
 Our Life Science segment products are marketed to IVD manufacturing customers as a source of raw materials for their human clinical diagnostics tests, or as an outsourced step in their manufacturing processes. Selectively, we seek and maintain multi-year supply arrangements to provide stability in volumes and pricing. Independent distributors market our molecular biology products to academic/research customers. These products are used in detecting DNA and RNA in human, animal, plant and environmental applications. 

 Market Trends 

Major IVD manufacturing customers often have global footprints, where we are supplying reagents to specific manufacturing sites around the world. IVD manufacturers in specific countries of the Asia-Pacific region (e.g., China) are increasing their efforts in the development and manufacturing of infectious disease tests. We intend to use the breadth of our product portfolio, particularly molecular reagents, to continue to increase the penetration of our products in IVD manufacturing customers tests, regardless of customer class (large multi-national companies or regional companies). 

 Competition 

The market for bulk biomedical reagents is highly competitive with respect to product quality, price, customer service and reputation. Our competitors, such as Thermo Fisher, often have greater financial, research and development, sales and marketing, and manufacturing resources. Customers also may choose to manufacture their biomedical reagents in-house
 rather than purchase from us. 
 Research and Development 

Our research and development activities for the Life Science segment focus on molecular reagents for use in PCR and isothermal chemistries in detecting both DNA and RNA. Our new product development programs are progressing through sample-specific (e.g., blood, saliva, urine, stool, and plant) mixes in both air-dryable
 and lyophilization-ready forms, and isothermal reagents in both air-dryable
 and lyophilization-ready forms. We also have enzyme development programs that meet the EU Registration, Evaluation, Authorization, and Restriction of Chemicals regulation. See Operating Expenses section on page 33 within MD A. 
 Manufacturing and Government Regulation 

Our Life Science segment facilities are ISO 13485 certified, and where appropriate, our Life Science segment facilities comply with Regulation EC 1069. 

 International Markets 

International markets are an important source of net revenues and future growth opportunities for both of our reportable segments. For both reportable segments combined, net revenues from customers located outside of the U.S. and its territories approximated 173,000 or 55 of consolidated 2021 net revenues, 122,000 or 48 of consolidated 2020 net revenues, and 74,000 or 37 of consolidated 2019 net revenues. Since the outbreak of the COVID-19
 pandemic in fiscal 2020 and throughout fiscal 2021, a significantly higher percentage of our Life Science segment s net revenues have been generated from international markets, and we expect to continue to look to key European and Asian markets as a source of revenue growth. For the Life Science segment, we also continue to focus resources on IVD manufacturing customers in China, India, Japan and Korea. To date, we have not experienced any adverse effects from the trade tensions between the U.S. and China, but we cannot be sure that we will not experience any adverse effects in the future. 
 Fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates in fiscal 2021 compared to fiscal 2020 had an approximate 9,200 favorable impact on consolidated 2021 net revenues; 1,300 within the Diagnostics segment and 7,900 within the Life Science segment. This compares to year-to-year

 currency exchange rates having an approximate 1,250 unfavorable impact on consolidated net revenues in 2020; 150 within the Diagnostics segment and 1,100 within the Life Science segment. In fiscal 2019, the unfavorable effect on net revenues totaled 2,200; 1,150 within the Diagnostics segment and 1,050 within the Life Science segment. 

- 9 - 

Table of Contents 
 Environmental 

We are in compliance with applicable portions of the federal and state hazardous waste regulations and have never been a party to any environmental proceeding. 

 Human Capital 

As of September 30, 2021, our Diagnostics segment had approximately 560 employees in ten countries, our Life Science segment had approximately 200 employees in seven countries, and Corporate had five employees, all in the U.S. Approximately 55 of our employees are women. In addition, of our U.S. based employees, which represents approximately 60 of our total worldwide workforce, approximately 25 are ethnically diverse. 

 Below is additional demographic information about our current employee base as of September 30, 2021. 

Meridian Employees

2021

Salaried workforce

543 

Managers and above

159 

Part-time employees

27 

Average age

43 

Average length of service in years

7 

Employee turnover rate (voluntary)

19 

Fiscal 2021 net revenues per employee (in thousands)

415 

Equal Employment Opportunity Table (by number of employees)

U.S. Employee Diversity as of September 30, 2021

Job category

Gender

White

Black/African American

Hispanic/Latino

Asian

American Indian/Alaskan Native

Two or more races

Total

Executive/senior level officials and managers

Male 

12 

12 

Female 

3 

1 

4 

First/mid-level
 officials and managers

Male 

41 

4 

2 

3 

50 

Female 

36 

4 

4 

1 

45 

Professionals

Male 

60 

4 

4 

5 

1 

74 

Female 

71 

9 

5 

9 

2 

96 

All other

Male 

59 

11 

8 

5 

1 

84 

Female 

83 

18 

7 

8 

2 

118 

Total

Male 

172 

19 

14 

13 

2 

220 

Female 

193 

31 

13 

21 

5 

263 
 
 We believe that developing a diverse, equitable and inclusive culture is critical to continuing to attract and retain the top talent necessary to deliver on our growth strategy. As such, we continue to invest in the creation of a work environment where our employees can feel inspired to deliver their workplace best every day. We continue to expand our Human Resources Information System HRIS and other systems to track key human capital metrics, including workforce demographics, diversity, turnover, engagement, and training data. 

 Diversity, Equity and Inclusion 

In 2020, we initiated the One Meridian Inclusion Diversity and Equity Team, which is comprised of a group of employees around the world and led by Dr. Lourdes Weltzien, Executive Vice President, Life Science. This team has developed a mission statement and promotes awareness so we can encourage and support an environment in which all employees feel included and empowered to achieve their best. 

- 10 - 

Table of Contents 
 Compensation and Benefits 

We strive to provide pay, benefits, and services that are competitive to market and create incentives to attract and retain employees globally. Our compensation packages include market-competitive pay, cash bonuses, health care and retirement benefits, paid time off, and family leave, among others, depending upon locale. We are focused on pay equity globally and are striving to close the gap in pay among similar roles and responsibilities in certain locations within our organization, after accounting for legitimate business factors that can explain differences, such as performance, time at grade level, and tenure. We intend to conduct market surveys every two years to assess market compensation levels from a total compensation perspective. We also continue to advance transparency in our pay and representation data by complying with all applicable statutory filing requirements. 

 Communication and Engagement 

We strongly believe that Meridian s success depends on employees understanding how their work contributes to the Company s overall strategy. To this end, we utilize a variety of channels to facilitate open and direct communication, including: (i) One Meridian Company-wide intranet; (ii) quarterly CEO update videos; (iii) open forums or town hall meetings with executives; (iv) regular ongoing update communications; and (v) employee engagement surveys. 

 Health, Wellness and Safety 

We are committed to the safety of our employees and communities, from operations to product development to supplier partnerships. Our ultimate goal is to achieve zero serious injuries through continued investment in, and focus on, our core safety programs and injury-reduction initiatives. We provide access to a variety of innovative, flexible, and convenient health and wellness tools. 

 ITEM 1A. 

 RISK FACTORS 

 In addition to the other information set forth in this report, you should carefully consider the following factors, which could materially affect our business, financial condition, cash flows or future results. Any one of these factors could cause our actual results to vary materially from recent results or from anticipated future results. The risks described below are not the only risks facing our company. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us, or that we currently deem to be immaterial, also may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and/or operating results. 

 Risk Factors Summary 

Risks Related to Our Strategy 

Our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be adversely affected by the ongoing and evolving COVID-19
 pandemic. 

Net revenues for our Diagnostics segment may be impacted by our reliance upon large customers in North America, seasonal factors and sporadic outbreaks, and changing diagnostic market conditions. 

Net revenues for our Life Science segment may be impacted by customer concentrations and buying patterns. 

Intense competition could adversely affect our profitability and operating results. 

We expect to continue to face increased competition resulting from the expiration of our H. pylori

 patents. 
 
 Risks Related to our Intellectual Property 

We may be unable to protect or obtain adequate patent protection for intellectual property that we utilize or intend to utilize. 

Product infringement claims by other companies could result in costly disputes and could limit our ability to sell our products. 

Risks Related to our Operations 

We may be unable to develop new products or acquire products on favorable terms. 

- 11 - 

Table of Contents 

We may be unable to successfully integrate operations or to achieve expected cost savings from acquisitions we make. 

The effective tax rate of the Company may be negatively impacted by changes in the mix of earnings as well as future changes to tax laws in global jurisdictions in which we operate. 

Significant interruptions in production at our principal manufacturing facilities and/or third-party manufacturing facilities could adversely affect our business and operating results. 

We depend on sole-source suppliers for certain critical raw materials, components and finished products. A supply interruption could adversely affect our business. 

Our ability to meet future customer demand for selected products is dependent upon our ability to successfully manage our manufacturing capacity and supply chains. 

Increased prices for, poor quality of, or extended inability to source raw materials or services used in our products, and supply chain disruptions, could adversely affect profitability. 

Risks Related to Legal, Regulatory and International Matters 

We are subject to comprehensive regulation, and our ability to earn profits may be restricted by these regulations. 

If we or our third-party vendors fail to comply with FDA regulations relating to the manufacturing of our products or any component part, we may be subject to fines, injunctions and penalties, and our ability to commercially distribute and sell our products may be negatively impacted. 

We incur costs and demands upon management as a result of complying with the laws and regulations affecting public companies in the U.S., and failure to comply with these laws could harm our business and the price of our common stock. 

We could be adversely affected by health care reform legislation. 

Efforts to reduce the U.S. federal deficit could adversely affect our results of operations. 

Global market, political, environmental, and economic conditions, including those related to the financial markets, could have a material adverse effect on our operating results, financial condition, and liquidity. 

We depend on international net revenues, and our operating results may be adversely impacted by foreign currency, regulatory or other developments affecting international markets. 

New tariffs and other trade measures could adversely affect our operating results. 

If product liability lawsuits are successfully brought against us, we may incur substantial liabilities and may have to limit or cease sales of our products. 

Risks Related to Our Common Stock 

The market price of our common stock may be volatile and fluctuate significantly, which could result in substantial losses for stockholders and subject us to litigation. 

Our business could be negatively impacted as a result of shareholder activism, an unsolicited takeover proposal or a proxy contest. 

The authority of our board to issue preferred stock and the effects of certain provisions of Ohio corporation law may discourage takeover bids. 

General Risk Factors 

One or more cybersecurity incidents may adversely impact our financial condition, results of operations and reputation. 

Our business could be negatively affected if we are unable to attract, hire and retain key personnel. 

Our bank credit agreement imposes restrictions with respect to our operations, which could adversely impact our business. 

Risks Related to Our Strategy 

Our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be adversely affected by the ongoing and evolving COVID-19
 pandemic. 

Any outbreak of contagious diseases, such as COVID-19,
 or other adverse public health developments, could have material and adverse effects on our business operations. Such adverse effects could include diversion or prioritization of health care resources away from the conduct of diagnostic testing, disruptions of or restrictions on the ability of laboratories to process our tests, and delays with respect to or difficulties in patients accessing our tests, including those resulting from an inability to travel as a result of quarantines or other restrictions resulting from COVID-19.
 As COVID-19
 continues to affect individuals and businesses around the globe, we may experience disruptions that could severely impact our business, including: 

- 12 - 

Table of Contents 

decreased volume of testing and related sales of certain of our Diagnostics segment products as a result of disruptions to health care providers and limitations on the ability of providers to administer tests; 

disruptions or restrictions on the ability of the Company s, our collaborators , or our suppliers personnel to travel, and temporary closures of our facilities, or the facilities of our collaborators or suppliers; 

limitations on employee resources that would otherwise be focused on the development of our products, the processing of our diagnostic tests, and/or the conduct of our clinical trials, because of illness of employees or their families, or requirements imposed on employees to avoid contact with large groups of people; and 

delays in necessary interactions with local regulators, ethics committees, and other important agencies and contractors due to limitations in employee resources or forced furlough of government employees. 

In addition, the continued spread of COVID-19
 globally could adversely affect our manufacturing and supply chains. Parts of our direct and indirect supply chains are located overseas, including in China, and may accordingly be subject to disruption. Additionally, our results of operations could be adversely affected to the extent that COVID-19
 or any other epidemic harms our business or the economy in general either domestically or in any other region in which we do business. The extent to which COVID-19
 affects our operations will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted with confidence, including the duration of the outbreak, new information that may emerge concerning the severity of COVID-19,
 and the actions to contain COVID-19
 or treat its impact, among others, which could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Over the course of the COVID-19
 pandemic, we have generally seen a slowing of our assay instrument placements and sales of related test kits, as diagnostic testing sites turned their attention to critical care testing. We are unable to predict when expected sales volume levels for our instruments and related test kits will return. Also, as a result of the COVID-19
 pandemic, certain clinical trials related to our products which were underway or scheduled to begin have been temporarily placed on hold. Such delays will impact our timing for filing applications for product clearances with the FDA, as well as related timing of FDA clearances of such filings. Additionally, the COVID-19
 pandemic could slow down our efforts to expand our product portfolio through acquisition opportunities, impacting the speed with which we are able to bring additional products to market. 
 Net revenues for our Diagnostics segment may be impacted by our reliance upon large customers in North America, seasonal factors and sporadic outbreaks, and changing diagnostic market conditions. 

Key Distributors 

Our Diagnostics segment s net revenues from sales through three customers, including two key distributors, were approximately 33 , 32 and 31 of the Diagnostics segment s total net revenues for 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively, or approximately 13 , 15 and 21 , respectively, of each year s consolidated net revenues. The loss of any one of these customers could negatively impact our net revenues and results of operations unless suitable alternatives were timely found or in the case of distributor customers, lost sales to one distributor were absorbed by another distributor. Finding a suitable alternative on satisfactory terms may pose challenges in our industry s competitive environment. As an alternative, we could expand our efforts to distribute and market our products directly. This alternative, however, would require substantial investment in additional sales, marketing and logistics resources, including hiring additional sales and customer service personnel, which would significantly increase our future selling, general and administrative expenses. 

 In addition, buying patterns of these customers may fluctuate from quarter to quarter, potentially leading to uneven concentration levels on a quarterly basis. 

 Seasonal Factors and Sporadic Outbreaks 

Our principal business is the sale of a broad range of diagnostic test kits for common gastrointestinal and respiratory infectious diseases, and elevated blood lead levels. Certain infectious diseases may be seasonal in nature, while others may be associated with sporadic outbreaks, such as foodborne illnesses or pandemics such as an influenza outbreak or the COVID-19
 pandemic. While we believe that the breadth of our Diagnostics segment product lines normally reduces the risk that infections subject to seasonality and sporadic outbreaks will cause significant variability in Diagnostics segment net revenues, the COVID-19
 pandemic has had a significant adverse impact on our Diagnostics segment net revenues since it began in fiscal 2020. Accordingly, we can make no assurance that net revenues will not be negatively impacted period over period by such factors. 

- 13 - 

Table of Contents 
 Changing Diagnostic Market Conditions 

Changes in the U.S. health care delivery system have resulted in consolidation among reference laboratories, hospital laboratories being operated by large reference laboratories, and the formation of multi-hospital alliances, reducing the number of institutional customers for diagnostic test products. Consolidation in the U.S. health care industry has also led to the creation of group purchasing organizations GPOs and IDNs that aggregate buying power for hospital groups and put pressure on our selling prices. Due to such consolidation, we may not be able to enter into and/or sustain contractual or other marketing or distribution arrangements on a satisfactory commercial basis with institutional customers, GPOs and/or IDNs, which could adversely affect our results of operations. 

 Net revenues for our Life Science segment may be impacted by customer concentrations and buying patterns. 

Our Life Science segment s net revenues from three diagnostic manufacturing customers were 22 , 30 and 27 of the Life Science segment s total net revenues for 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. Sales to these three diagnostic manufacturing customers comprised 13 , 16 and 9 of consolidated net revenues for 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. In addition, in excess of 10 of the Life Science segment s total net revenues has historically been concentrated among a number of other significant customers. Any significant alteration of buying patterns from these customers resulting from the decline in COVID-19
 related demand, or otherwise, could adversely affect our period over period net revenues and results of operations. 
 Intense competition could adversely affect our profitability and operating results. 

The markets for our products and services are characterized by substantial competition and rapid change. Hundreds of companies around the world supply diagnostic tests and immunoassay and molecular reagents. These companies range from multinational health care entities, for which diagnostics is one line of business, to small start-up
 companies. Many of our competitors have significantly greater financial, technical, manufacturing and marketing resources than we do. We cannot provide assurance that our products and services will be able to compete successfully with the products and services of our competitors. 
 We expect to continue to face increased competition resulting from the expiration of our H. pylori patents. 

The patents for our stool antigen H. pylori

 products, owned by us, expired in May 2016 in the U.S. and in May 2017 in countries outside the U.S. As a result, competition with respect to our stool antigen H. pylori

 products, high margin products which represent approximately 7 of our total net revenues has increased, adversely impacting our selling prices for these products, and/or our ability to retain business at prices acceptable to us. To mitigate certain of the pricing and volume pressures we face within the gastrointestinal product category, we have: (i) operated under a strategic collaboration agreement with DiaSorin to sell H. pylori

 tests; (ii) adjusted selling prices to secure volume; and (iii) upon FDA clearance in March 2020, launched Curian HpSA, our first assay on the Curian platform, which we expect will help protect our existing customer base using lateral flow tests. We also expect the BreathID and BreathTek products to mitigate competitive pressures, as these systems provide an alternative non-invasive
 option to stool antigen testing. We are unable to provide assurances that we will be successful with any strategy or that any strategy will prevent an adverse effect on our future results of operations and liquidity, including net revenues and gross profit. 
 Risks Related to Our Intellectual Property 

We may be unable to protect or obtain adequate patent protection for intellectual property that we utilize or intend to utilize. 

In developing and manufacturing our products, we employ a variety of proprietary and patented technologies. In addition, we have licensed, and expect to continue to license, various complementary technologies and methods from academic institutions and public and private companies. We cannot provide assurance that the technologies that we own or license provide protection from competitive threats or from challenges to our intellectual property. In addition, we cannot provide assurances that we will be successful in obtaining and retaining licenses, or proprietary or patented technologies, in the future. 

- 14 - 

Table of Contents 
 Product infringement claims by other companies could result in costly disputes and could limit our ability to sell our products. 

Litigation over intellectual property rights is prevalent in the life science and diagnostic industries. As the market for diagnostics continues to grow and the number of participants in the market increases, we may increasingly be subject to patent infringement claims. It is possible that a third party may claim infringement against us. If found to infringe, we may attempt to obtain a license to such intellectual property; however, we may be unable to do so on favorable terms, or at all. Additionally, if our products are found to infringe on third-party intellectual property, we may be required to pay damages for past infringement and lose the ability to sell certain products, causing our revenues to decrease. Any substantial loss resulting from such a claim could have a material adverse effect on our profitability, and the damage to our reputation in the industry could have a material adverse effect on our future results of operations and liquidity, including net revenues and gross profit. 

 Risks Related to Our Operations 

We may be unable to develop new products or acquire products on favorable terms. 

The medical diagnostic and life science industries are characterized by ongoing technological developments and changing customer requirements. As such, our results of operations and continued growth depend, in part, on our ability in a timely manner to develop or acquire rights to, and successfully introduce into the marketplace, enhancements of existing products and services, or new products and services that incorporate technological advances, meet customer requirements, and/or respond to products developed by our competition. We cannot provide any assurance that we will be successful in developing or acquiring such rights to products and services on a timely basis, or that such products and services will adequately address the changing needs of the marketplace, either of which could adversely affect our results of operations. 

 In addition, we must regularly allocate considerable resources to research and development of new or acquired products, services and technologies, and protecting intellectual property. The research and development process generally takes a significant amount of time from research to product launch. This process is conducted in various stages. During each stage, there is a risk that we will not achieve our goals on a timely basis, or at all, and we may have to abandon a project in which we have invested substantial resources, any of which could adversely affect our results of operations. 

 We may be unable to successfully integrate operations or to achieve expected cost savings from acquisitions we make. 

One of our growth strategies is the acquisition of companies and/or products. Although additional acquisitions of companies and products may enhance the opportunity to increase net earnings over time, such acquisitions could result in greater administrative burdens, increased exposure to the uncertainties inherent in marketing new products, financial risks of additional operating costs, disrupted operations, challenges in employee retention, and increased risk of asset impairments if future net revenues and cash flows are deficient. The principal benefits expected to result from any acquisitions we make will not be achieved fully unless we are able to successfully integrate the operations of the acquired entities with our operations and realize the anticipated synergies, cost savings and growth opportunities from integrating these businesses into our existing businesses. We cannot provide assurance that we will be able to identify and complete additional acquisitions on terms we consider favorable or that, if completed, will be successfully integrated into our operations. Furthermore, we cannot predict the outcome of goodwill impairment testing and the impact of goodwill impairments on the Company s net earnings and results of operations. 

 The effective tax rate of the Company may be negatively impacted by changes in the mix of earnings as well as future changes to tax laws in global jurisdictions in which we operate. 

We are subject to income taxes in the U.S. and various other global jurisdictions. Our effective tax rate could be adversely affected by changes in the mix of earnings by jurisdiction and the valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities. Recently, the current U.S. presidential administration committed to tax reform, and if enacted, the impact could be material to our tax provision and value of deferred tax assets and liabilities. We recognize deferred tax assets and liabilities based on the differences between the consolidated financial statement carrying amounts and the tax basis of assets and liabilities. Significant judgment is required in determining our provision for income taxes. We regularly review our deferred tax assets for recoverability and establish a valuation allowance if it is more likely than not that some portion or all of a deferred tax asset will not be realized. If we are unable to generate sufficient future taxable income, if there is a material change in the actual effective tax rates, or if there is a change to the time period within which the underlying temporary differences become taxable or deductible, we could be required to increase our valuation allowance against our deferred tax assets, which could result in a material increase in our effective tax rate. 

- 15 - 

Table of Contents 
 Changes in tax laws or tax rulings could have a material impact on our effective tax rate. Many countries in the EU, as well as several other countries and organizations such as the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development, are actively considering changes to existing tax laws. Certain proposals could include recommendations that could increase our tax obligations in those countries where we do business. Any changes in the taxation of our activities in such jurisdictions may result in a material increase in our effective tax rate. 

 Significant interruptions in production at our principal manufacturing facilities and/or third-party manufacturing facilities would adversely affect our business and operating results. 

Products and services manufactured at facilities we own or lease comprised a majority of our net revenues. Our global supply of these products and services is dependent on the uninterrupted and efficient operation of these facilities. In addition, we currently rely on a small number of third-party manufacturers to produce certain of our diagnostic products and product components. The operations of our facilities or these third-party manufacturing facilities could be adversely affected by power failures, or natural or other disasters such as earthquakes, floods, tornadoes or terrorist threats. Although we carry insurance to protect against certain business interruptions at our facilities, there can be no assurance that such coverage will be adequate or that such coverage will continue to remain available on acceptable terms, if at all. Any significant interruption in the Company s or a third-party supplier s manufacturing capabilities, including interruptions that have resulted from product recall activities like those currently being experienced in our Billerica facility (see Lead Testing Matters beginning on page 29 within MD A) could materially and adversely affect our results of operations. 

 We depend on sole-source suppliers for certain critical raw materials, components and finished products. A supply interruption could adversely affect our business. 

Raw Materials and Components 

Our diagnostic products are made from a wide variety of raw materials that are biological or chemical in nature, and that generally are available from multiple sources of supply. We sole-source certain raw materials and components, which makes it time consuming and costly to switch raw materials and components in FDA-cleared
 products. If certain suppliers fail to supply required raw materials or components, we will need to secure other sources which may require us to conduct additional development and testing and obtain regulatory approval. These activities require significant time and resources, and there is no assurance that new sources will be secured or regulatory approvals, if necessary, will be obtained. 
 We utilize third-party manufacturers for certain of our instrumentation. One third party manufactures our proprietary Alethia Incubator/Reader (instrument), a component of our Alethia molecular system, and an additional third party manufactures our Curian instrument. These instruments are manufactured exclusively for Meridian according to our specifications. While other manufacturers for these types of instruments are available, we source each instrument solely from one manufacturer to limit the costs involved in clearing the system for marketing in the U.S. If these third-party manufacturers fail to supply us with instruments, we will need to secure another manufacturer, and it may take as long as 12 months to transfer instrument manufacturing. An interruption in the manufacturing of these instruments could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 

 Additionally, one third party manufactures a certain reagent for use with our Alethia assays. While alternative suppliers exist, we elect to utilize this third party exclusively in order to maintain consistency in our materials, which is critical in complying with FDA regulatory requirements. An interruption in the manufacturing of these reagents could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 

- 16 - 

Table of Contents 
 Finished Products 

We outsource the manufacturing for certain finished diagnostic products to third parties. A disruption in the supply of these finished products could have a material adverse effect on our business until we find another supplier or bring manufacturing in-house.
 
 Four products manufactured exclusively for us by two separate and independent companies accounted for 6 , 7 and 11 of consolidated net revenues in 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. Meridian owns all rights and title to the FDA 510(k) clearances for these products. 

 Activities undertaken by Meridian to reduce the risk of these sole-supplier arrangements include maintaining adequate inventory levels, supplier qualification procedures, supplier audits, site visits, and frequent communication. Additionally, we have identified potential alternate suppliers. 

 Our ability to meet future customer demand for selected products is dependent upon our ability to successfully manage our manufacturing capacity and supply chains. 

To manage our anticipated future growth effectively, it may become necessary for us to enhance our manufacturing and supply chain capabilities, infrastructure and operations, information technology infrastructure, and financial and accounting systems and controls. Organizational growth and scale-up
 of operations could strain our existing managerial, operational, financial, and other resources. If our management is unable to effectively prepare for our expected future growth, our expenses may increase more than anticipated, our net revenues could grow more slowly than expected, and we may not be able to achieve our commercialization, profitability, or product development goals. Our failure to effectively implement the necessary processes and procedures and otherwise prepare for our anticipated growth could have a material adverse effect on our future consolidated financial condition and results of operations. 
 Increased prices for, poor quality of, or extended inability to source raw materials or services used in our products, and supply chain disruptions, could adversely affect profitability. 

Our profitability is affected by the prices of the raw materials used in the manufacture of our products. These prices fluctuate based on a number of factors beyond our control, including changes in supply and demand, general economic conditions, labor costs, fuel-related delivery costs, competition, import duties, tariffs, currency exchange rates, and, in some cases, government regulation. Significant increases in the prices of raw materials, similar to the inflationary increases we have experienced in the second half of 2021, that cannot be recovered through increases in the price of our products and/or offset by savings in other areas, could adversely affect our results of operations and cash flows. 

 We cannot guarantee that the prices we are paying for raw materials today will continue in the future, or that the marketplace will continue to support current prices for our products, or that such prices can be adjusted to fully or partially offset raw material price increases in the future. Any increases in prices resulting from a tightening supply of these or other commodities could adversely affect our profitability. We do not engage in hedging transactions for raw material purchases, but we do enter into some fixed-price supply contracts. 

 Our dependency upon regular deliveries of supplies and the quality of those supplies upon delivery from particular suppliers means that interruptions, stoppages, or deterioration of quality in such deliveries could adversely affect our operations until arrangements with alternate suppliers could be made. Several of the raw materials used in the manufacture of our products currently are procured from a single source. In some cases, we also outsource certain services to suppliers, including but not limited to, engineering, assembly, shipping, and commissioning services. If a supplier were unable to deliver these materials or services, or if the quality of these materials or services declined, for an extended period of time as a result of financial difficulties, catastrophic events affecting their facilities, or other factors, including recent supply chain disruptions we have experienced, or if we were unable to negotiate acceptable terms for the supply of materials or services with these suppliers, our business could be adversely affected. We may not be able to find acceptable alternatives, and any such alternatives could result in increased costs. Extended inability to source a necessary raw material or service could cause us to cease manufacturing one or more products for a period of time, which could also lead to loss of customers, as well as reputational, competitive, or business harm, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, consolidated financial condition, and results of operations. 

- 17 - 

Table of Contents 
 Risks Related to Legal, Regulatory and International Matters 

We are subject to comprehensive regulation, and our ability to earn profits may be restricted by these regulations. 

Medical device diagnostics is a highly regulated industry. We cannot provide assurance that we will be able to obtain necessary governmental clearances or approvals, or timely clearances or approvals, to market future products in the U.S. and other countries. Costs and difficulties in complying with laws and regulations administered by the FDA, the U.S. Department of Agriculture, the U.S. Department of Commerce, the U.S. Drug Enforcement Agency, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention CDC ), or other regulators can result in unanticipated expenses and delays, and interruptions to the sale of new and existing products. 

 Regulatory approval can be a lengthy, expensive and uncertain process, making the timing and cost of approvals difficult to predict. Failure to comply with these regulations can result in delays in obtaining authorization to sell products, seizure or recall of products, suspension or revocation of authority to manufacture or sell products, and other civil or criminal sanctions. 

 If we or our third-party vendors fail to comply with FDA regulations relating to the manufacturing of our products or any component part, we may be subject to fines, injunctions and penalties, and our ability to commercially distribute and sell our products may be negatively impacted. 

Our diagnostics manufacturing facilities, and the manufacturing facilities of any of our third-party diagnostic component manufacturers or critical suppliers, are required to comply with the FDA s Quality System Regulation QSR ), which sets forth minimum standards for the procedures, execution and documentation of the design, testing, production, control, quality assurance, labeling, packaging, sterilization, storage, and shipping of the products we sell, and related regulations, including Medical Device Reporting MDR regulations regarding reporting of certain malfunctions and adverse events potentially associated with our products. The FDA may evaluate our compliance with the QSR, MDR and other regulations, among other ways, through periodic announced or unannounced inspections which could disrupt our operations and interrupt our manufacturing. If in conducting an inspection of our manufacturing facilities, or the manufacturing facilities of any of our third-party component manufacturers or critical suppliers, an FDA investigator observes conditions or practices believed to violate the QSR, the investigator may document their observations on a Form FDA 483 that is issued at the conclusion of the inspection. A manufacturer that receives an FDA 483 may respond in writing and explain any corrective actions taken in response to the inspectional observations. The FDA will typically review the facility s written response and may re-inspect
 to determine the facility s compliance with the QSR and other applicable regulatory requirements. Failure to take adequate and timely corrective actions to remedy objectionable conditions listed on an FDA 483 could result in the FDA taking administrative or enforcement actions. Among these may be the FDA s issuance of a Warning Letter to a manufacturer, which informs it that the FDA considers the observed violations to be of regulatory significance that, if not corrected, could result in further enforcement action. 
 FDA enforcement actions, which include seizure, injunction, criminal prosecution, and civil penalties, could result in total or partial suspension of a facility s production and/or distribution, product recalls, fines, suspension of the FDA s review of product applications, and/or the FDA s issuance of adverse publicity. Thus, an adverse inspection could force a shutdown of our manufacturing operations or a recall of our products. Adverse inspections could also delay FDA approval of our products and could have an adverse effect on our production, net revenues and profitability. 

 We and any of our third-party vendors may also encounter other problems during manufacturing including failure to follow specific protocols and procedures, equipment malfunction, and environmental factors, any of which could delay or impede our ability to meet demand. The manufacture of our product also subjects us to risks that could harm our business, including problems relating to our facilities and errors in manufacturing components that could negatively affect the efficacy or safety of our products or cause delays in shipment of our products. Any interruption or delay in the manufacture of the product, or any of its components, could impair our ability to meet the demand of our customers and cause them to cancel orders or switch to competitive products, which could, therefore, have a material adverse effect on our business, consolidated financial condition and results of operations. 

- 18 - 

Table of Contents 
 As described in Item 3. Legal Proceedings , on April 17, 2018, the Company s wholly owned subsidiary Magellan received a subpoena from the U.S. Department of Justice DOJ regarding its LeadCare product line. The subpoena outlines documents to be produced, and the Company is cooperating with the DOJ in this matter. The Company maintains rigorous policies and procedures to promote compliance with applicable regulatory agencies and requirements and is working with the DOJ to promptly respond to the subpoena, including responding to additional information requests that have followed receipt of the subpoena in April 2018. The Company has executed tolling agreements to extend the statute of limitations. In March and April 2021, DOJ issued two subpoenas calling for witnesses to testify before a federal grand jury related to this matter. The March 2021 subpoena was issued to a former employee of Magellan, and the April subpoena was issued to a current employee of Magellan. In September and October 2021, DOJ issued additional subpoenas to individuals seeking testimony and documents in connection with its ongoing investigation. The Company cannot predict when the investigation will be resolved, the outcome of the investigation, or its potential impact on the Company. Approximately 2,803, 2,035 and 1,585 of expense for attorneys fees related to this matter is included within the Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. 

 Magellan submitted 510(k) applications in December 2018, seeking to reinstate venous blood sample-types for its LeadCare II, LeadCare Plus and LeadCare Ultra testing systems. In February 2019 the FDA informed Magellan that each of these 510(k) applications had been put on Additional Information hold. On July 15, 2019, we provided responses to the FDA s requests for Additional Information. These 510(k) applications have since expired and are no longer under FDA review. Further, while Magellan s LeadCare testing systems remain cleared for marketing by the FDA and permitted for use with capillary blood samples, the FDA advised that it has commissioned a third-party study of the Company s LeadCare testing systems using both venous and capillary blood samples. According to the FDA, the results of the field study will be used in conjunction with other information to determine whether further action by the FDA or the CDC is necessary to protect the public health. The Company intends to fully cooperate with the FDA or CDC on any follow-up
 based on the third-party study. 
 During October 2019, the FDA performed a follow-up
 inspection of Magellan s manufacturing facility. The FDA issued five Form FDA 483 observations. On March 18, 2020, we participated in a regulatory meeting with the FDA at the FDA s request to further discuss the Form FDA 483 observations and our remediation efforts. Since the inspection, we have submitted a number of written responses to the FDA regarding the five Form FDA 483 observations issued in the October 2019 inspection, and have worked diligently to execute a remediation plan. During October 2020, the FDA issued Establishment Inspection Reports which closed out the inspections from June 2017 and October 2019 under 21 C.F.R.20.64(d)(3). 
 During June 2021, the FDA performed an inspection of Magellan s manufacturing facility. As a result of this inspection, the FDA issued one Form 483 observation. On August 3, 2021, FDA sent Magellan a close-out
 letter for the Warning Letter that FDA issued to Magellan on October 23, 2017. The FDA s close-out
 letter notified Magellan that FDA has completed an evaluation of Magellan s corrective actions in response to FDA s Warning Letter, and based on FDA s evaluation, Magellan has addressed the issues identified in the Warning Letter. FDA s close-out
 letter also stated that future FDA inspections of Magellan and regulatory activities will further assess the adequacy and sustainability of Magellan s corrections. 
 We incur costs and demands upon management as a result of complying with the laws and regulations affecting public companies in the U.S., and failure to comply with these laws could harm our business and the price of our common stock. 

As a public company listed in the U.S., we incur significant legal, accounting and other expenses. In addition, changing laws, regulations and standards relating to corporate governance and public disclosure, including regulations implemented by the SEC, the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board PCAOB and the NASDAQ Global Select Market, may increase our legal and financial compliance costs and/or make some activities more time consuming. These laws, regulations and standards are subject to varying interpretations and, as a result, their application in practice may evolve over time as new guidance is provided by regulatory and governing bodies. We intend to invest resources to comply with evolving laws, regulations and standards, and this investment may result in increased general and administrative expenses and a diversion of management s time and attention from revenue-generating activities to compliance activities. If we fail to comply with new laws, regulations and standards, regulatory authorities may initiate legal proceedings against us, and our business may be harmed. 

- 19 - 

Table of Contents 
 We could be adversely affected by health care reform legislation. 

Third-party payers for medical products and services, including state, federal and foreign governments, are increasingly concerned about escalating health care costs and can indirectly affect the pricing or the relative attractiveness of our products by regulating the maximum amount of reimbursement they will provide for diagnostic testing services. Following years of increasing pressure, during 2010 the U.S. government enacted comprehensive health care reform with the enactment of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, as amended by the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act, which made changes that significantly impact the pharmaceutical and medical device industries. The Protecting Access to Medicare Act of 2014 requires applicable laboratories to report all private payor reimbursement rates and the volumes for each test they perform. The statute requires that Medicare establish reimbursement rates based on the weighted median of private insurance reimbursement rates effective January 1, 2017. The new Medicare rates would be subject to a maximum reduction of 10 a year for the initial three-year period and a maximum of 15 a year for the subsequent three-year period. There is no limit on the amount of potential rate increases. As a result, some of our customers in the U.S. may experience lower Medicare reimbursement rates for our products, which may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. We are seeing some effect on the reimbursement rates for our products. If reimbursement amounts for diagnostic testing services decrease further in the future, such decreases may reduce the amount that will be reimbursed to hospitals or physicians for such services and consequently, could place constraints on the levels of overall pricing, which could have a material effect on our net revenues and results of operations. 

 Additional state and federal health care reform measures may be adopted in the future, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our ability to successfully commercialize our products and on our industry in general. For example, the U.S. government has in the past considered, is currently considering, and may in the future consider, health care policies and proposals intended to curb rising health care costs, including those that could significantly affect both private and public reimbursement for health care services. Further, state and local governments, as well as a number of foreign governments, are also considering or have adopted similar types of policies. Future significant changes in the health care system in the U.S. or elsewhere, and current uncertainty about whether and how changes may be implemented, could have a negative impact on the demand for our products. We are unable to predict whether health care policies, including policies stemming from legislation or regulations affecting our business, may be proposed or enacted in the future, what effect such policies would have on our business, or the effect that ongoing uncertainty about these matters will have on the purchasing decisions of our customers. 

 Efforts to reduce the U.S. federal deficit could adversely affect our results of operations. 

Any reductions in government health care spending or research funding in an effort to reduce the U.S. federal deficit could result in reduced demand for our products or additional pricing pressure. Further, there is ongoing uncertainty regarding the federal budget and federal spending levels, including the possible impacts of a failure to increase the debt ceiling. Any U.S. government default on its debt could have broad macroeconomic effects that could, among other things, raise our borrowing costs. Any future shutdown of the federal government or failure to enact annual appropriations could also have a material adverse impact on our consolidated financial condition, and results of operations. 

 Global market, political, environmental, and economic conditions, including those related to the financial markets, could have a material adverse effect on our operating results, financial condition, and liquidity. 

Our business is sensitive to changes in general economic, political and environmental conditions, both inside and outside the U.S. Conditions such as the following, among others, may create additional risk to our results of operations: (i) continuing uncertainties in the eurozone; (ii) the effects of climate change regulation; (iii) the global effects of the ongoing COVID-19
 pandemic, including the Emergency Temporary Standard ETS COVID-19
 workplace vaccination and testing mandate from the Occupational Safety and Health Administration OSHA (iv) unanticipated implications from the voluntary exit of the U.K. from the EU; and (v) uncertainties in China and emerging markets. 
 Instability in the global economy and financial markets can adversely affect our business in several ways, including limiting our customers ability to obtain sufficient credit or pay for our products within the terms of sale. Competition could further intensify among the manufacturers and distributors with whom we compete for volume and market share, resulting in lower net revenue due to steeper discounts and product mix-down. In
 particular, if certain key or sole suppliers were to become capacity constrained or insolvent, it could result in a reduction or interruption in supplies or a significant increase in the price of supplies. 

- 20 - 

Table of Contents 
 The U.K. left the EU on January 31, 2020. While all EU rules and laws continued to apply to the U.K. through the transition period, which ended December 31, 2020, the U.K. and the EU reached a free trade agreement on December 24, 2020, which was ratified on April 28, 2021 and went into effect on May 1, 2021. The agreement includes regulatory and customs cooperation mechanisms, as well as provisions supporting open and fair competition. Under the trade agreement, the U.K. is free to set its own trade policy and can negotiate with other countries that do not currently have free trade deals with the EU. Although the full impact of the trade agreement is uncertain, it is possible that the recent changes to the trading relationship between the U.K. and the EU due to the trade agreement could result in increased cost of goods imported into and exported from the U.K., which may decrease the profitability of our operations. Additional currency volatility could drive a weaker British pound, which could increase the cost of goods imported into the U.K. and may decrease the profitability of our operations. A weaker British pound versus the U.S. dollar may also cause local currency results of our operations to be translated into fewer U.S. dollars during a reporting period. Given the lack of comparable precedent, it is unclear what financial, trade, regulatory and legal implications the trade agreement will have on our business; however, Brexit and its related effects could potentially have an adverse impact on our consolidated financial condition, and results of operations. 

 We depend on international net revenues, and our operating results may be adversely impacted by foreign currency, regulatory or other developments affecting international markets. 

We sell products and services into approximately 70 countries. For fiscal 2021, approximately 40 of our consolidated net revenues were transacted in currencies other than the U.S. dollar. We are subject to the risks associated with fluctuations in the exchange rates for the Australian dollar, British pound, Canadian dollar, Chinese yuan, Euro, and New Israeli shekel. In addition, we have manufacturing operations, suppliers, and employees located outside the U.S. Since our growth strategy depends in part on our ability to further penetrate markets outside the U.S., we expect to continue to increase our revenue and presence outside the U.S., including in emerging markets. 

 Our international business is subject to risks that are often encountered in non-U.S.
 operations, including: 

interruption in the transportation of materials to us and finished goods to our customers, including conditions where recovery from natural disasters may be delayed due to country-specific infrastructure and resources; 

differences in terms of sale, including payment terms; 

local product preferences and product requirements; 

changes in a country s or region s political or economic condition, including with respect to safety and health issues; 

trade protection measures and import or export licensing requirements; 

unexpected changes in laws or regulatory requirements, including unfavorable changes with respect to tax, trade or sanctions compliance matters; 

limitations on ownership and on repatriation of earnings and cash; 

difficulty in staffing and managing widespread operations; 

differing labor regulations; 

difficulties in enforcing contract and property rights under local law; 

difficulties in implementing restructuring actions on a timely or comprehensive basis; and 

differing protection of intellectual property. 

Such risks may be more likely or pronounced in emerging markets, where our operations may be subject to greater uncertainty due to increased volatility associated with the developing nature of their economic, legal, and governmental systems. 

 If we are unable to successfully manage the risks associated with expanding our global business or to adequately manage operational fluctuations, it could adversely affect our business, financial condition, or results of operations. 

- 21 - 

Table of Contents 
 New tariffs and other trade measures could adversely affect our operating results. 

The current U.S. administration has expressed strong concerns about imports from countries that it perceives as engaging in unfair trade practices, and it is possible the administration could impose import duties or other restrictions on products, components or raw materials sourced from those countries, which may include countries from which we import components or raw materials. We are currently not aware of any new import duties imposed on our products. Any such new import duties or restrictions could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition. Moreover, these new tariffs, or other changes in U.S. trade policy, could trigger retaliatory actions by affected countries. Certain foreign governments have instituted or are considering imposing trade sanctions on certain U.S. goods. 

 Other foreign governments are considering the imposition of sanctions that will deny U.S. companies access to critical raw materials. A trade war of this nature or other governmental actions related to tariffs or international trade agreements or policies has the potential to adversely impact demand for our products, our costs, customers, manufacturers, suppliers and/or the economic environments in which we operate and, thus may adversely impact our businesses. In addition, there may be changes to existing trade agreements, like the North American Free Trade Agreement NAFTA and its anticipated successor agreement, the U.S.-Mexico-Canada Agreement USMCA ), which is still subject to approval by the U.S., Mexico and Canada, greater restrictions on free trade generally, and significant increases in tariffs on goods imported into the U.S., particularly tariffs on products manufactured in Mexico, among other possible changes. It remains unclear what the U.S. administration or foreign governments will or will not do with respect to tariffs, NAFTA, USMCA or other international trade agreements and policies. Any changes to NAFTA (or subsequent trade agreements) could impact our operations in countries where we manufacture or sell products, or source components or materials, which could adversely affect our business and results of operations. 

 If product liability lawsuits are successfully brought against us, we may incur substantial liabilities and may have to limit or cease sales of our products. 

The testing, manufacturing and marketing of medical diagnostic products involves an inherent risk of product liability claims. If we cannot successfully defend ourselves against product liability claims, we may incur substantial liabilities or be required to limit or cease sales of our products. We currently carry product liability insurance at a level we believe is commercially reasonable, although there is no assurance that it will be adequate to cover claims that may arise. In certain customer contracts, we indemnify third parties for certain product liability claims related to our products. These indemnification obligations may cause us to pay significant sums of money for claims that are covered by these indemnifications. In addition, a defect in the design or manufacture of our products could have a material adverse effect on our reputation in the industry and subject us to claims of liability for injury and otherwise. Any substantial underinsured loss resulting from such a claim could have a material adverse effect on our profitability, and the damage to our reputation in the industry could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 

 Risks Related to Our Common Stock 

The market price of our common stock may be volatile and fluctuate significantly, which could result in substantial losses for stockholders and subject us to litigation. 

The market price of our common stock may be subject to significant fluctuations due to numerous factors, including but not limited to the risks described in this Risk Factors section. In addition, the stock market in general, the NASDAQ Global Market and the market for diagnostics companies in particular may experience a loss of investor confidence. A loss of investor confidence may result in extreme price and volume fluctuations in our common stock that are unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of our business, financial condition or results of operations. These broad market and industry factors may materially harm the market price of our common stock and expose us to securities class-action litigation. Class-action litigation, even if unsuccessful, could be costly to defend and divert management s attention and resources, which could further materially harm our consolidated financial condition and results of operations. 

- 22 - 

Table of Contents 
 Our business could be negatively impacted as a result of shareholder activism, an unsolicited takeover proposal or a proxy contest. 

In recent years, proxy contests and other forms of stockholder activism have been directed against numerous public companies. If a proxy contest or an unsolicited takeover proposal is made with respect to us, we could incur significant costs in defending our company, which would have an adverse effect on our financial results. Shareholder activists may also seek to involve themselves in the governance, strategic direction and operations of our company. Such proposals may disrupt our business and divert the attention of our management and employees, and any perceived uncertainties as to our future direction resulting from such a situation could result in the loss of potential business opportunities, be exploited by our competitors, cause concern to our current or potential customers, and make it more difficult to attract and retain qualified personnel and business partners, all of which could adversely affect our business. In addition, actions of activist stockholders may cause significant fluctuations in our stock price based on temporary or speculative market perceptions or other factors that do not necessarily reflect the underlying fundamentals and prospects of our business. 

 The authority of our board to issue preferred stock and the effects of certain provisions of Ohio corporation law may discourage takeover bids. 

Our board of directors has the authority to issue up to 1,000 shares of undesignated preferred stock and to determine the rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions, including voting rights, of such shares without any future vote or action by the shareholders. The issuance of preferred stock under certain circumstances could have the effect of delaying or preventing a change in control of our company. Ohio corporation law contains provisions that may discourage takeover bids for our company that have not been negotiated with the board of directors. Such provisions could limit the price that investors might be willing to pay in the future for shares of our common stock. In addition, sales of substantial amounts of shares in the public market could adversely affect the market price of our common stock and our ability to raise additional capital at a price favorable to us. 

 General Risk Factors 

One or more cybersecurity incidents may adversely impact our financial condition, results of operations and reputation. 

Our operations involve the use of multiple systems that process, store and transmit sensitive information about our customers, suppliers, employees, financial position, operating results and strategies. We face global cybersecurity risks and threats on a continual and ongoing basis, which include, but are not limited to, attempts to access systems and information, computer viruses, or denial-of-service

 attacks. These risks and threats range from uncoordinated individual attempts to sophisticated and targeted measures. While we are not aware of any material cyber-attacks or breaches of our systems to date, we have and continue to implement measures to safeguard our systems and information and mitigate potential risks, including employee training around phishing, malware and other cyber risks, but there is no assurance that such actions will be sufficient to prevent cyber-attacks or security breaches that manipulate or improperly use our systems, compromise sensitive information, destroy or corrupt data, or otherwise disrupt our operations. The occurrence of such events, including breaches of our security measures or those of our third-party service providers, could negatively impact our reputation and our competitive position and could result in litigation with third parties, regulatory action, loss of business due to disruption of operations and/or reputational damage, potential liability and increased remediation and protection costs, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial condition and results of operations. In an effort to mitigate the financial impact such an attack might have on the Company, we maintain cyber liability insurance coverage. However, such coverage may be insufficient to cover the full impact of a cyber-attack. Additionally, as cybersecurity risks become more sophisticated, we may need to increase our investments in security measures which could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our business could be negatively affected if we are unable to attract, hire and retain key personnel. 

Our future success depends on our continued ability to attract, hire and retain highly qualified personnel, including our executive officers and scientific, technical, sales and marketing employees, and their ability to manage growth successfully. If such key employees were to leave and we were unable to obtain adequate replacements, our results of operations could be adversely affected. 

- 23 - 

Table of Contents 
 Our bank credit agreement imposes restrictions with respect to our operations, which could adversely impact our business. 

Our bank credit agreement contains a number of financial covenants that require us to meet certain financial ratios and tests. If we fail to comply with the obligations in the credit agreement, we would be in default under the credit agreement. If an event of default is not cured or waived, it could result in acceleration of any indebtedness under our credit agreement, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. At September 30, 2021, we had 60,000 outstanding on a 160,000 bank revolving credit facility. 

 ITEM 1B. 
 UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

 None. 

 ITEM 2. 
 PROPERTIES 

 Our corporate offices are located in the Village of Newtown, a suburb of Cincinnati, Ohio. Our Newtown campus includes sites for diagnostic test manufacturing and distribution, immunoassay research and development and administrative functions. Our Newtown campus also includes a new facility where we are expanding and automating our Revogene diagnostic test device manufacturing. We also have diagnostic test manufacturing and distribution sites in Billerica, Massachusetts (blood-chemistry), Modi in, Israel (BreathID and BreathTek urea breath testing systems), and Quebec City, Quebec, Canada (Revogene diagnostic test device and instrument manufacturing). Our sites in Billerica, Modi in and Quebec City also include research and development functions. We also operate a Diagnostics sales and distribution center near Milan, Italy and rent office space in Paris, France and Braine-l Alleud,
 Belgium for sales and administrative functions, and space in Manasquan, New Jersey and Changzhou, China to house BreathID technical service and repair functions. 
 Our Life Science operations are conducted in several facilities in Memphis, Tennessee; Boca Raton, Florida; London, England; Luckenwalde, Germany; Sydney, Australia; and Beijing, China. Manufacturing of molecular reagents occurs in our London and Luckenwalde sites. Manufacturing of immunoassay reagents occurs in our Memphis and Boca Raton sites. Our site in London also includes our primary research and development function. 

 ITEM 3. 
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

 We are a party to various litigation matters that we believe are in the normal course of business. Aside from the matters discussed below, the ultimate resolution of these matters is not expected to have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows, and no material provision has been made in the Consolidated Financial Statements for these matters. 

 On April 17, 2018, the Company s wholly owned subsidiary Magellan received a subpoena from the DOJ regarding its LeadCare product line. The subpoena outlines documents to be produced, and the Company is cooperating with the DOJ in this matter. The Company maintains rigorous policies and procedures to promote compliance with applicable regulatory agencies and requirements and is working with the DOJ to promptly respond to the subpoena, including responding to additional information requests that have followed receipt of the subpoena in April 2018. The Company has executed tolling agreements to extend the statute of limitations. In March and April 2021, DOJ issued two subpoenas calling for witnesses to testify before a federal grand jury related to this matter. The March 2021 subpoena was issued to a former employee of Magellan, and the April subpoena was issued to a current employee of Magellan. In September and October 2021, DOJ issued additional subpoenas to individuals seeking testimony and documents in connection with its ongoing investigation. The Company cannot predict when the investigation will be resolved, the outcome of the investigation, or its potential impact on the Company. Approximately 2,803, 2,035 and 1,585 of expense for attorneys fees related to this matter is included within the Consolidated Statements of Operations for 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. See Lead Testing Matters beginning on page 29 within MD A. 

- 24 - 

Table of Contents 
 ITEM 4. 
 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

 Not applicable. 

PART II. 

 ITEM 5. 

MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON 

 EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

 Market Information 

Our common stock trades on the NASDAQ Global Select Market under the symbol VIVO. 

 Holders of our Common Stock 

As of September 30, 2021, there were approximately 550 holders of record and approximately 24,030 beneficial owners of our common shares. 

 Dividends 

During 2019, the Company suspended the payment of its quarterly cash dividend, which had previously been established at an indicated annual cash dividend rate of 0.50 per share for fiscal 2019. The dividend was suspended as part of the Company s regular evaluation of its capital allocation, with the action taken in order to deploy cash into new product development activities and to preserve capital resources and liquidity for general corporate purposes. Any declaration and amount of dividends will be determined by the board of directors in its discretion based upon its evaluation of earnings, cash flow requirements, business developments and opportunities, and any other factors the board of directors determines are relevant to its evaluation. At this time, we do not expect to resume paying cash dividends. We paid dividends of 0.25 per common share in 2019. 

 Stock Total Return Performance 

The graph below compares the cumulative 5-Year
 total return realized by shareholders on Meridian Bioscience, Inc. s common stock relative to the cumulative total returns of the NASDAQ Composite index and two customized peer groups of six companies and ten companies, respectively, whose individual companies are listed in footnotes 1 and 2 below. An investment of 100 (with reinvestment of all dividends) is assumed to have been made in our common stock, in the index and in each of the peer groups (including reinvestment of dividends) on September 30, 2016, and its relative performance is tracked through September 30, 2021. 

1. 
 The six companies included in the Company s first customized peer group 2020 Peer Group are: Bio-Rad
 Laboratories, Inc., bioMerieux S.A., Myriad Genetics, Inc., OraSure Technologies, Inc., Quidel Corporation, and Trinity Biotech Plc. 

2. 
 The ten companies included in the Company s second customized peer group 2021 Peer Group are: Bio-Rad
 Laboratories, Inc., Bio-Techne
 Corporation, bioMerieux S.A., DiaSorin S.p.a., Hologic, Inc., Myriad Genetics, Inc., OraSure Technologies, Inc., Qiagen N.V., Quidel Corporation, and Trinity Biotech Plc. 

- 25 - 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 6. 

 INTENTIONALLY OMITTED 

 ITEM 7. 

 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL 

 CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

 Refer to Note About Forward-Looking Statements following the Index in front of this Form 10-K
 and Item 1A Risk Factors on pages 11 through 24 of this Annual Report. 

In the discussion that follows, all dollar amounts are in thousands (both tables and text), except per share data .

The purpose of Management s Discussion and Analysis is to provide an understanding of the financial condition, changes in consolidated financial condition and results of operations of Meridian Bioscience, Inc. Meridian , the Company , We ). This discussion should be read in conjunction with the Consolidated Financial Statements and notes. It should be noted that the terms revenue and/or revenues are utilized throughout the Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations MD A to indicate net revenue and/or net revenues. In addition, throughout the MD A, we refer to certain product tradenames and trademarks, which are protected under applicable intellectual property laws and are our property. Solely for convenience, these tradenames and trademarks are referred to without the 

or 
 symbols, but such references are not intended to indicate in any way that we will not assert, to the fullest extent of the law, our rights to these tradenames and trademarks. 

- 26 - 

Table of Contents 
 Our reportable segments are Diagnostics and Life Science. The Diagnostics segment consists of manufacturing operations for infectious disease products in Cincinnati, Ohio; Quebec City, Canada; and Modi in, Israel; and manufacturing operations for blood chemistry products in Billerica, Massachusetts (near Boston). These diagnostic test products are sold and distributed in the countries comprising North and Latin America (the Americas Europe, Middle East and Africa EMEA and other countries outside of the Americas and EMEA (rest of the world, or ROW ). The Life Science segment consists of manufacturing operations in Memphis, Tennessee; Boca Raton, Florida; London, England; and Luckenwalde, Germany, and the sale and distribution of bulk antigens, antibodies, immunoassay blocking reagents, specialized Polymerase Chain Reaction PCR master mixes, isothermal mixes, enzymes, nucleotides, and bioresearch reagents domestically and abroad, including a sales and business development facility, with outsourced distribution capabilities, in Beijing, China to further pursue growing revenue opportunities in Asia. 

Recent Developments 

Impact of COVID-19
 Pandemic 

During the latter half of fiscal 2020 and throughout fiscal 2021, the COVID-19
 pandemic has had both positive and negative effects on our business. 
 Our Life Science segment s products have been well positioned to respond to in vitro device IVD manufacturers needs for reagents for molecular, rapid antigen and serology tests. Consequently, our Life Science segment grew its revenues over 100 in fiscal 2020 and delivered record operating income and margin, demonstrating what this segment could achieve at a much larger scale. This higher-than-historical level of growth in the Life Science segment continued in fiscal 2021, with full year revenues, operating income and operating margin increasing 43 , 67 and nine percentage points, respectively. 

 Our Diagnostics segment, on the other hand, has been negatively impacted by the health systems increased focus on COVID-19
 testing over traditional infectious disease testing. The impacts of the COVID-19
 pandemic are most dramatically evident in the 34 year-over-year decline in revenues from respiratory illness assays in fiscal 2021, following flat year-over-year revenue levels being experienced in fiscal 2020. 
 Despite these recent COVID-19
 pandemic related trends, due to the many uncertainties surrounding the COVID-19
 pandemic, we can provide no assurances with respect to our views of the longevity, severity or impacts to our consolidated financial condition of the ongoing COVID-19
 pandemic. 
 Employee Safety 

 While our employee base in the U.S. has returned to working on-site
 at our facilities, we have recently implemented a hybrid work-from-home program for certain personnel, and we continue to utilize a work-from-home process as needed on a site-by-site

 basis outside the U.S. for those employees whose on-site
 presence has been deemed to be non-essential.
 We have also implemented enhanced cleaning and sanitizing procedures and provided additional personal hygiene supplies at all our sites. We have implemented policies for employees to adhere to Centers for Disease Control and Prevention CDC guidelines on social distancing, and similar guidelines by authorities outside the U.S. To date, we have been able to manufacture and distribute products globally, and all our sites have continued to operate with little, if any, impact on shipments to customers to date. As the COVID-19
 pandemic continues, along with continuing governmental restrictions which vary by locale and jurisdiction, there is an increased risk of employee absenteeism, which could materially impact our operations at one or more sites. To date, the steps we have taken, including our work-from-home processes, have not materially impacted the Company s financial reporting systems, internal controls over financial reporting or disclosure controls. 
 Supply Chains 

 Supply chains supporting our products have generally remained intact, providing access to sufficient inventory of the key materials needed for manufacturing. To date, delays and allocations for raw materials have been limited and have not had a material impact on our results of operations. From time to time, we identify alternative suppliers to address the risk of a current supplier s inability to deliver materials in volumes sufficient to meet our manufacturing needs; or we may choose to purchase certain materials in bulk volumes where we have supply chain scarcity concerns. It remains possible that we may experience some sort of interruption to our supply chains, and such an interruption could materially affect our ability to timely manufacture and distribute our products and unfavorably impact our results of operations. See LeadCare product recall discussion beginning on page 29. 

- 27 - 

Table of Contents 
 Product Development and Clinical Trials 

 Our Diagnostics segment s new product development programs are progressing at a slower pace than normal, in part, as the prevalence of certain infectious diseases has been much lower than normal during the COVID-19
 pandemic. For example, the relative lack of a respiratory illness season in 2020-2021 has significantly impacted the availability of influenza samples, thereby affecting the pace of development of our molecular respiratory panel for the Revogene system. These matters continue to impact our timing for filing applications for product clearances with the U.S. Food and Drug Administration FDA ), as well as related timing of FDA clearances of such filings. Additionally, the ongoing COVID-19
 pandemic has slowed and could continue to slow down our efforts to expand our product portfolio through acquisitions and distribution opportunities, impacting the speed with which we are able to bring additional products to market. 
 Product Demand 

 Our Life Science segment manufactures, markets and sells a number of molecular and immunological reagents to IVD customers, including those who are making both molecular and immunoassay COVID-19
 tests. Since late in the second quarter of fiscal 2020, we have generally experienced unprecedented demand for certain of our molecular reagents (e.g., ribonucleic acid RNA master mixes and nucleotides), including a resurgence in such demand during our fiscal 2021 fourth quarter. While we are expecting a continuation of this trend for the foreseeable future, this expectation will certainly be impacted by infection rates and the responses to such levels of infection varying by country based on their individual COVID-19
 case statistics, infection rates and vaccine programs. We believe that our reagent products for COVID-19
 have applications in many alternative, non-hospital-based
 channels (e.g., airports, schools, etc.). Our products are used in over 200 regulatory agency approved COVID-19
 related assays around the world. COVID-19
 related reagent revenues totaled approximately 111,900 and 71,500 for the years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 Our Diagnostics segment manufactures, markets and sells a number of molecular, immunoassay, blood chemistry and urea breath tests 

for various infectious diseases and blood-lead levels. Sales volumes for a number of these assays have been adversely affected by the COVID-19
 pandemic over the past year and half, as such assays are often used in non-critical
 care settings. However, we have seen indications of a return to more normal pre-pandemic levels, including with respect to our respiratory illness assays during the fourth quarter of 2021. The COVID-19
 pandemic also has depressed instrument orders and placements for our BreathID, Curian and Revogene platforms. Order activity for our Revogene platform was affected by the delay in obtaining emergency use authorization EUA for our SARS-CoV-2

 assay, as we believe customers have taken a wait and see approach throughout our entire EUA application process, which culminated in receipt of the EUA on November 9, 2021. This follows our voluntary withdrawal of the application on February 23, 2021 and its resubmission on June 25, 2021. Despite the situation encountered with our EUA application for the SARS-CoV-2

 assay, we have proceeded with the process of increasing our capacity to produce these tests, as well as other tests on the Revogene system, at our facilities in Quebec and Cincinnati. Specifically, we are: (i) adding a second production line at our Quebec manufacturing facility; and (ii) installing two additional production lines in a leased facility near our corporate headquarters in Cincinnati. With approximately 10,900 expended in the year ended September 30, 2021, it is expected that these expansion efforts will be completed during calendar 2021 at a total cost of approximately 19,600, which is expected to be partially offset by the 5,500 National Institutes of Health Rapid Acceleration of Diagnostics RADx initiative grant entered into on February 1, 2021, 1,500 of which had been received as of September 30, 2021 (see Note 14, National Institutes of Health Contracts 

 of the Consolidated Financial Statements). 

Impact of Brexit

The United Kingdom U.K. left the European Union EU on January 31, 2020. While all EU rules and laws continued to apply to the U.K. through the transition period, which ended December 31, 2020, the U.K. and the EU reached a free trade agreement on December 24, 2020, which was ratified on April 28, 2021 and went into effect on May 1, 2021. The agreement includes regulatory and customs cooperation mechanisms, as well as provisions supporting open and fair competition. Under the trade agreement, the U.K. is free to set its own trade policy and can negotiate with other countries that do not currently have free trade deals with the EU. Although the full impact of the trade agreement is uncertain, it is possible that the recent changes to the trading relationship between the U.K. and the EU due to the trade agreement could result in increased cost of goods imported into and exported from the U.K., which may decrease the profitability of our operations. Additional currency volatility could drive a weaker British pound, which could increase the cost of goods imported into the U.K. and may decrease the profitability of our operations. A weaker British pound versus the U.S. dollar may also cause local currency results of our operations to be translated into fewer U.S. dollars during a reporting period. Given the lack of comparable precedent, it is unclear what financial, trade, regulatory and legal implications the trade agreement will have on our business; however, Brexit and its related effects could potentially have an adverse impact on our consolidated financial position and results of operations. 

- 28 - 

Table of Contents 
 The U.K. s withdrawal from the EU could also adversely impact the operations of our vendors and of our other partners. Our management team has identified areas of concern and implemented strategies to help mitigate these concerns. It is possible that these strategies may not be adequate to mitigate any adverse impacts of Brexit, and that these impacts could further adversely affect our business and results of operations. 

 Lead Testing Matters 

On September 1, 2021, the Company s wholly owned subsidiary Magellan announced the expansion of the Class I voluntary recall of its LeadCare test kits for the detection of lead in blood, which it had initiated in May 2021 after identifying an ongoing issue with the testing controls included in certain manufactured lots of its LeadCare test kits. As a result of the identified issue, impacted test kit lots could potentially underestimate blood lead levels when processing patient blood samples. The Company is working closely with the FDA in its execution of the recall activities, which include Magellan notifying customers and distributors affected by the recall and providing instructions for the return of impacted test kits. Although evaluation of the recall and the related notification process is ongoing, approximately 5,100 has been estimated and accrued as of September 30, 2021, to cover the currently anticipated costs of the recall. In total, approximately 5,600 of recall-related expense has been included within the Consolidated Statement of Operations for the year ended September 30, 2021. Anticipated recall-related costs primarily include product replacement and/or refund costs, mailing/shipping costs, attorneys fees and other miscellaneous costs. 

 As described in Item 3. Legal Proceedings , on April 17, 2018, the Company s wholly owned subsidiary Magellan received a subpoena from the U.S. Department of Justice DOJ regarding its LeadCare product line. The subpoena outlines documents to be produced, and the Company is cooperating with the DOJ in this matter. The Company maintains rigorous policies and procedures to promote compliance with applicable regulatory agencies and requirements and is working with the DOJ to promptly respond to the subpoena, including responding to additional information requests that have followed receipt of the subpoena in April 2018. The Company has executed tolling agreements to extend the statute of limitations. In March and April 2021, DOJ issued two subpoenas calling for witnesses to testify before a federal grand jury related to this matter. The March 2021 subpoena was issued to a former employee of Magellan, and the April subpoena was issued to a current employee of Magellan. In September and October 2021, DOJ issued additional subpoenas to individuals seeking testimony and documents in connection with its ongoing investigation. The Company cannot predict when the investigation will be resolved, the outcome of the investigation, or its potential impact on the Company. Approximately 2,803, 2,035 and 1,585 of expense for attorneys fees related to this matter is included within the Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. 

 Magellan submitted 510(k) applications in December 2018, seeking to reinstate venous blood sample-types for its LeadCare II, LeadCare Plus and LeadCare Ultra testing systems. In the second fiscal quarter of 2019 the FDA informed Magellan that each of these 510(k) applications had been put on Additional Information hold. On July 15, 2019, we provided responses to the FDA s requests for Additional Information. These 510(k) applications have since expired and are no longer under FDA review. Further, while Magellan s LeadCare testing systems remain cleared for marketing by the FDA and permitted for use with capillary blood samples, the FDA advised that it has commissioned a third-party study of the Company s LeadCare testing systems using both venous and capillary blood samples. According to the FDA, the results of the field study will be used in conjunction with other information to determine whether further action by the FDA or the CDC is necessary to protect the public health. The Company intends to fully cooperate with the FDA or CDC on any follow-up
 based on the third-party study. 
 During October 2019, the FDA performed a follow-up
 inspection of Magellan s manufacturing facility. The FDA issued five Form FDA 483 observations. On March 18, 2020, we participated in a regulatory meeting with the FDA at the FDA s request to further discuss the Form FDA 483 observations and our remediation efforts. Since the inspection, we have submitted a number of written responses to the FDA regarding the five Form FDA 483 observations issued in the October 2019 inspection, and have worked diligently to execute a remediation plan. During October 2020, the FDA issued Establishment Inspection Reports which closed out the inspections from June 2017 and October 2019 under 21 C.F.R.20.64(d)(3). 

- 29 - 

Table of Contents 
 During June 2021, the FDA performed an inspection of Magellan s manufacturing facility. As a result of this inspection, the FDA issued one Form 483 observation. On August 3, 2021, FDA sent Magellan a close-out
 letter for the Warning Letter that FDA issued to Magellan on October 23, 2017. FDA s close-out
 letter notified Magellan that FDA has completed an evaluation of Magellan s corrective actions in response to FDA s Warning Letter, and based on FDA s evaluation, Magellan has addressed the issues identified in the Warning Letter. FDA s close-out
 letter also stated that future FDA inspections of Magellan and regulatory activities will further assess the adequacy and sustainability of Magellan s corrections. 
 Results of Operations 

Fourth Quarter 

Net earnings for the fourth quarter of fiscal 2021 increased 3 to 6,657, or 0.15 per diluted share, from net earnings for the fourth quarter of fiscal 2020 of 6,493, or 0.15 per diluted share. The level of net earnings in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2021 was adversely affected by approximately 5,600, or 0.10 per diluted share, of LeadCare product recall expenses and a 4,596, or 0.08 per diluted share, upward adjustment to the fair value of acquisition consideration related to GenePOC, offsetting the impact of higher revenues and resulting gross profit. Other key events occurring in the fourth quarter of 2021 include the acquisition of the BreathTek business in July 2021 and the August 2021 settlement of the contingent acquisition consideration related to GenePOC (see Note 4, Business Combinations 

 and Note 3, Fair Value Measurements 

 of the Consolidated Financial Statements, respectively). 
 Consolidated revenues for the fourth quarter of fiscal 2021 totaled 76,204, an increase of 19 compared to the fourth quarter of fiscal 2020 (17 increase on a constant-currency basis). 

 Revenues from the Diagnostics segment for the fourth quarter of fiscal 2021 increased 15 to 34,301, compared to the fourth quarter of fiscal 2020 (also 15 increase on a constant-currency basis), comprised of a 22 increase in molecular assay products and a 14 increase in non-molecular
 assay products. The fourth quarter of fiscal 2021 represents the second consecutive quarter our Diagnostics segment has shown positive revenue growth versus the same quarter of fiscal 2020, an achievement not experienced since the early stages of the COVID-19
 pandemic. Our Diagnostics segment generated an 11,900 operating loss for the fourth quarter of fiscal 2021, a 7,700 larger operating loss than the fourth quarter of fiscal 2020, largely due to the aforementioned 5,600 of LeadCare product recall expenses and 4,596 upward adjustment to the fair value of acquisition consideration related to GenePOC. 
 With a 16 increase in revenues from molecular reagents products and a 33 increase in revenues from immunological reagents products, revenues for our Life Science segment increased 22 to 41,903 during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2021 compared to the fourth quarter of fiscal 2020. On a constant-currency basis, revenues for the Life Science segment increased 19 . Life Science segment revenues reflect an increase in demand from diagnostic test manufacturers for the reagents utilized in COVID-19
 related tests. Revenue from sales of our core Life Science segment products (other than COVID-19
 related contributions) experienced growth of approximately 1,800, or 11 , compared to the fourth quarter of fiscal 2020. This growth resulted in large part from obtaining business from COVID-19
 customers who are now using our products for other non-COVID-19

 related purposes, as well as a rebound in volumes of core immunological products. Our Life Science segment generated 23,200 of operating income, or a margin of 55 , for the fourth quarter of fiscal 2021, an increase of 6,000 from the fourth quarter of fiscal 2020. 
 Fiscal Year 

Net earnings for fiscal 2021 increased 55 to 71,407, or 1.62 per diluted share, from net earnings for fiscal 2020 of 46,186, or 1.07 per diluted share. The level of net earnings in fiscal 2021 was affected predominantly by the strong increase in revenues and operating income in our Life Science segment, stemming primarily from the demand for reagents used in COVID-19
 related tests. 
 Consolidated revenues for fiscal 2021 totaled 317,896, an increase of 25 compared to fiscal 2020 (22 increase on a constant-currency basis). 

- 30 - 

Table of Contents 
 Diagnostics segment revenues increased 5 to 127,760 in fiscal 2021 (4 increase on a constant-currency basis), comprised of a 13 decrease in molecular assay products and a 10 increase in non-molecular
 assay products. Our Diagnostics segment generated an 8,100 operating loss in fiscal 2021, compared to operating income of 3,900 in fiscal 2020. This year over year decline in operating income resulted primarily from the combined effects of: (i) lower gross profit margins, as detailed in the Gross Profit section below; (ii) the aforementioned 5,600 of LeadCare product recall expenses in fiscal 2021; and (iii) the 6,293 decrease in the fair value of contingent acquisition consideration related to GenePOC included in fiscal 2020 and settled in fiscal 2021 (as discussed above). These factors contributing to the decline in operating margin were partially offset by the decrease in acquisition costs resulting from the Exalenz transaction in fiscal 2020. 
 With a 66 increase in revenues from molecular reagents products and a 10 increase in revenues from immunological reagents products, revenues for our Life Science segment increased 43 to 190,136 during fiscal 2021 compared to fiscal 2020. On a constant-currency basis, revenues for the Life Science segment increased 38 . Fiscal 2021 Life Science segment revenues reflect a significant increase in sales of key molecular components such as RNA master mixes and deoxyribonucleotide triphosphates dNTPs to diagnostic test manufacturers for use in COVID-19
 related PCR tests. Also contributing to the increased revenue levels during fiscal 2021 were sales of monoclonal antibody pairs used in COVID-19
 antigen tests and, to a lesser degree, recombinant antigens used in COVID-19
 antibody tests. In addition, revenue from sales of our core Life Science segment products (other than COVID-19
 contributions) experienced growth of approximately 16,100, or approximately 26 . This growth resulted in large part from obtaining business from COVID-19
 customers who are now using our products for other non-COVID-19

 related purposes, as well as a rebound in volumes in core immunological products. Our Life Science segment generated 115,300 of operating income in fiscal 2021, an increase of 46,400 over fiscal 2020. 
 REVENUE OVERVIEW 

Below are analyses of the Company s revenue, by reportable segment, provided for each of the following: 

 - By Geographic Region 

 - By Product Platform/Type 

 Revenue Overview By Reportable Segment Geographic Region 

Revenues for the Diagnostics segment, in the normal course of business, may be affected from year to year by buying patterns of major distributors and reference laboratories, seasonality and severity of seasonal diseases and outbreaks (including the COVID-19
 pandemic), and foreign currency exchange rates. Revenues for the Life Science segment, in the normal course of business, may be affected from year to year by buying patterns of major IVD manufacturing customers, severity of disease outbreaks (including the COVID-19
 pandemic), and foreign currency exchange rates. The COVID-19
 pandemic contributed 111,900 of new revenue for our Life Science segment during fiscal 2021, and 71,500 during fiscal 2020. 
 See Note 2, Revenue Recognition 

 of the Consolidated Financial Statements for detailed revenue disaggregation information. 
 Following is a discussion of the revenues generated by these product platforms/types and/or disease states: 

 Diagnostics Segment Products 

The Diagnostics segment s overall 5 growth in revenue during fiscal 2021 primarily results from the combined effects of the following: 

Volume growth in the gastrointestinal product family benefitting from: (i) a full year of revenue from sales of BreathID instruments and tests, acquired in the April 2020 Exalenz acquisition; and (ii) two months of revenue from sales of the BreathTek product, acquired in late July 2021; 

Ongoing pricing pressure on our H. pylori

 stool antigen tests, which contributed approximately 2,700 of unfavorable price variance from customers in the U.S.; 

- 31 - 

Table of Contents 

Volume declines from sales of respiratory illness products, comprised of tests for Group A Strep, Mycoplasma pneumonia, Influenza, and Pertussis, among others, reflecting the decreased focus on testing for these illnesses throughout the COVID-19
 pandemic; and 

Volume declines from sales of blood chemistry products due to the ongoing LeadCare product recall, which commenced in May 2021 2,136 decrease in revenue in fiscal 2021, compared to fiscal 2020). 

Life Science Segment Products 

The tripling of the Life Science segment s revenues since fiscal 2019, including the 43 year-over-year growth in revenue during fiscal 2021, primarily results from the combined effects of the following: 

Unprecedented demand for the Life Science segment s products by diagnostic test manufacturers for use in COVID-19
 related tests, resulting in COVID-19-related

 reagent revenues totaling 111,900 in fiscal 2021, compared to approximately 71,500 in fiscal 2020; and 

Revenue from core Life Science products increasing approximately 26 over fiscal 2020, due in large part from obtaining business from COVID-19
 customers who are now using our products for non-COVID-19

 related purposes, as well as a rebound in volumes of core immunological product sales. 
 
 Foreign Currency 

Fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates in fiscal 2021 compared to fiscal 2020 had an approximate 9,200 favorable impact on fiscal 2021 consolidated net revenues; 1,300 within the Diagnostics segment and 7,900 within the Life Science segment. This compares to year-to-year

 currency exchange rates having an approximate 1,250 unfavorable impact on consolidated net revenues in fiscal 2020; 150 within the Diagnostics segment and 1,100 within the Life Science segment. 
 Significant Customers 

Revenue concentrations related to certain customers within our Diagnostics and Life Science segments are set forth in Note 15, Reportable Segments and Major Concentration Data 

 of the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Gross Profit:

2021 

2020 

2021 vs. 2020 Inc (Dec) 

Gross Profit

201,148 

156,248 

29 

Gross Profit Margin

63 

62 

1 point 
 
 Overall gross profit margins during both fiscal 2021 and 2020 have been favorably impacted by greater contributions from our Life Science segment s molecular reagent products, which are some of our highest margin products. During fiscal 2021, which included the peak of the COVID-19
 pandemic, approximately 41 of consolidated revenues related to sales of molecular reagent products, compared to approximately 31 during fiscal 2020. 
 Overall gross profit margins in fiscal 2021 have been unfavorably impacted in our Diagnostics segment by production capacity ramp-up
 and scrap costs in our Quebec facility, where Revogene instruments and test devices are made, inventory reserve provisions for short-dated products stemming from depressed sales levels during the COVID-19
 pandemic, and the impacts of the previously discussed LeadCare product recall (see Lead Testing Matters above). 

- 32 - 

Table of Contents 
 Operating Expenses 
 Segment Detail and Corporate

Research Development

Selling Marketing

General Administrative

Other (1)(2)

Total Operating Expenses

Fiscal 2020:

Diagnostics

21,454 

21,172 

23,233 

(1,916) 

63,943 

Life Science

2,275 

5,314 

11,755 

200 

19,544 

Corporate

9,357 

2,080 

11,437 

Total 2020 Expenses

23,729 

26,486 

44,345 

364 

94,924 

Fiscal 2021:

Diagnostics

21,406 

21,430 

24,915 

5,079 

72,830 

Life Science

2,505 

5,350 

13,265 

21,120 

Corporate

11,361 

2,803 

14,164 

Total 2021 Expenses

23,911 

26,780 

49,541 

7,882 

108,114 

(1) 
 Diagnostics segment fiscal 2020 reflects negative expense amount due to 6,293 adjustment to fair value of the acquisition consideration related to GenePOC. 

(2) 
 LeadCare product recall expenses are included within the Diagnostics segment s fiscal 2021 Other expenses. 

Operating expenses in fiscal 2021 increased 13,190 to 108,114. Major components of this increase were as follows: 

5,600 in LeadCare product recall expenses within our Diagnostics segment; 

1,400 increase in purchase accounting amortization within our Diagnostics segment, stemming from both the Exalenz and BreathTek acquisitions; 

a full year of administrative expenses within our Diagnostics segment related to the Exalenz acquisition completed in April 2020; 

higher commercial insurance costs for Directors Officers and Property Casualty coverages within Corporate; and 

the adjustment to the fair value of the acquisition consideration as the result of the settlement in fiscal 2021 resulting in a 5,384 year-over-year increase in expense within our Diagnostics segment. 

Offsetting these increases was lower spending for acquisition transaction costs, stemming from the Exalenz acquisition. 

 Operating Income 

Operating income increased 52 in fiscal 2021, following an 88 increase in fiscal 2020, as a result of the factors discussed above. 

 Other Expense 

Other expense, net primarily includes interest costs on the Company s long-term borrowings and contingent grant obligations due to the Israel Innovation Authority, currency gains and losses, and in fiscal 2021, grant income under the RADx initiative (see Note 14, National Institutes of Health Contracts 

 of the Consolidated Financial Statements). Interest costs related to the revolving credit facility with a commercial bank were 1,420 and 2,464 in fiscal 2021 and 2020, respectively. The varying levels of interest costs on the revolving credit facility reflect the following approximate levels of average debt outstanding, as detailed in Note 10, Bank Credit Arrangements 

 of the Consolidated Financial Statements: (i) fiscal 2021 - 56,505; and (ii) fiscal 2020 - 74,560. 

- 33 - 

Table of Contents 
 Income Taxes 

The effective rate for income taxes was 21 and 22 for fiscal 2021 and 2020, respectively. The decline in effective tax rates relates primarily to the increasing allocations of taxable income in certain foreign jurisdictions with tax rates lower than the U.S., particularly the U.K. Additionally, the fiscal 2021 effective rate was favorably impacted by a larger-than-prior-year effect of current year restricted share unit lapses and stock option exercises occurring on dates when the share price of Company stock was significantly higher than the share price on the date such equity awards were granted. 

 Impact of Inflation 

To the extent feasible, we have consistently followed the practice of reviewing our prices to consider the impacts of inflation on salaries and fringe benefits for employees and the cost of purchased materials and services. Inflation and changing prices did not have a material adverse impact on our gross margin, revenues or operating income in fiscal 2021 or 2020. 

 Liquidity and Capital Resources
: 

 Liquidity 

Our cash flow and financing requirements are determined by analyses of operating and capital spending budgets and debt service. We have historically maintained a credit facility to augment working capital requirements and to respond quickly to acquisition opportunities. 

 We have an investment policy that guides the holdings of our investment portfolio, which presently consists of bank savings accounts and institutional money market mutual funds. Our objectives in managing the investment portfolio are to: (i) preserve capital; (ii) provide sufficient liquidity to meet working capital requirements and fund strategic objectives such as acquisitions; and (iii) capture a market rate of return commensurate with market conditions and our policy s investment eligibility criteria. As we look forward, we will continue to manage the holdings of our investment portfolio with preservation of capital being the primary objective. 

 We intend to continue to fund our working capital requirements from current cash flows from operating activities and cash on hand, and such sources are anticipated to be adequate to fund working capital requirements, capital expenditures and debt service during the next twelve months. However, if needed, we also have an additional source of liquidity through the amount remaining available on our 160,000 bank revolving credit facility, which totaled 100,000 as of September 30, 2021. The Company also maintains a shelf registration statement on file with the SEC. Our liquidity needs may change if overall economic conditions worsen and/or liquidity and credit within the financial markets tightens for an extended period, and such conditions impact the collectability of our customer accounts receivable, impact credit terms with our vendors, or disrupt the supply of raw materials and services. 

 As of September 30, 2021, our cash and cash equivalents balance was 49,771 or 3,743 lower than at the end of fiscal 2020. This modest decrease primarily results from generating 66,865 of cash flow from operations, an increase of 39 over fiscal 2020, and the use of cash to fund certain rather significant uses of cash during the year, most notably the following: 

(i) 
 payment of consideration holdback and contingent consideration settlement related to the fiscal 2019 GenePOC acquisition 25,000); 

(ii) 
 acquisition of the BreathTek business, net of 1,000 holdback 18,585); 

(iii) 
 funding of capital expenditures, which were primarily comprised of manufacturing expansion related to Revogene, net of 1,500 RADx grant monies received 16,812); and 

(iv) 
 net paydown on revolving credit facility and Israeli government grant obligations 8,824 and 5,297, respectively). 

Considering these factors, our balance of net debt (defined as bank debt, government grant obligations and total contingent obligations related to acquisitions, net of cash and cash equivalents on-hand)
 decreased approximately 36,300 to approximately 17,000 at September 30, 2021. 

- 34 - 

Table of Contents 
 Capital Resources 

As described in Note 10, Bank Credit Arrangements 

 of the Consolidated Financial Statements, the Company maintains a 160,000 credit facility, which is secured by substantially all our U.S. assets and includes certain restrictive financial covenants. This credit facility was amended in October 2021 to increase its capacity to 200,000 and extend its term to October 25, 2026. The Company also maintains a shelf registration statement on file with the SEC. 
 Our capital expenditures totaled 18,312 for fiscal 2021, 1,500 of which was offset by receipts under the RADx grant initiative (see Note 14, National Institutes of Health Contracts 

 of the Consolidated Financial Statements), and which largely related to expanding manufacturing capacity. During fiscal 2022 our capital expenditures are estimated to total approximately 15,000, comprised of approximately 12,000 and 3,000 in the Diagnostics and Life Science segments, respectively. Included within the Diagnostics segment capital expenditures estimate is approximately 8,700 related to completion of the manufacturing capacity scale-up
 and automation initiatives for Revogene assay production. Such expenditures may be funded with cash and cash equivalents on hand, operating cash flows, and/or availability under the 200,000 revolving credit facility discussed above. In addition, a portion of the Diagnostics segment expansion may be funded by 4,000 remaining under the previously noted RADx grant entered into on February 1, 2021 (see Note 14, National Institutes of Health Contracts 

 of the Consolidated Financial Statements). 
 Contractual Obligations
: 

 In addition to the obligations related to the above-noted revolving credit facility and the contingent government grant obligations detailed in Note 10, Bank Credit Arrangements 

 and Note 13, Contingent Obligations and Non-Current
 Liabilities 

of the Consolidated Financial Statements, respectively, the Company s contractual obligations and their related due dates were as follows as of September 30, 2021: 

Total 

Less than 1 Year 

1-3 Years

4-5 Years

More than 5 Years 

Operating leases (1)

6,239 

2,194 

2,736 

1,244 

65 

Purchase obligations (2)

51,295 

49,537 

1,554 

204 

Acquisition price holdback (3)

1,000 

1,000 

Uncertain income tax positions liability and interest (4)

870 

870 

Total

59,404 

52,601 

5,290 

1,448 

65 

(1) 
 Meridian and its subsidiaries are parties to a number of operating lease agreements around the world, the majority of which relate to office and warehouse building leases expiring at various dates. 

(2) 
 Purchase obligations relate primarily to outstanding purchase orders for machinery and equipment, inventory, including instruments, service items, and research and development activities. These contractual commitments are not in excess of expected production requirements over the next twelve months. 

(3) 
 Pursuant to the purchase agreement related to the July 31, 2021 acquisition of the BreathTek business, Meridian s remaining consideration to be paid totals 1,000 and is comprised solely of a purchase price holdback. 

(4) 
 Due to inherent uncertainties in the timing of settlement of tax positions, we are unable to estimate the timing of the effective settlement of these obligations. 

- 35 - 

Table of Contents 
 Other Commitments and Off-Balance
 Sheet Arrangements
: 

 License Agreements 

Meridian has entered into various license agreements that require payment of royalties based on a specified percentage of sales of related products, with such percentages generally ranging from approximately 3 to 10 . During fiscal 2021, royalty expense totaled approximately 5,200, with 25 and 75 of such expense relating to our Diagnostics and Life Science segments, respectively. This compares to a total of approximately 1,850 of royalty expense in fiscal 2020, with 81 and 19 relating to our Diagnostics and Life Science segments, respectively. Meridian expects that payments under these agreements will amount to approximately 3,000 in fiscal 2022. 

 Off-Balance
 Sheet Arrangements 

We utilize foreign currency exchange forward contracts to limit exposure to volatility in foreign currency gains and losses related to financial assets denominated in other than the holding subsidiary s functional currency. These contracts are generally settled within a 30-day
 time frame and are not formally designated or accounted for as accounting hedges. We also utilize interest rate swap agreements to limit exposure to volatility in the LIBOR interest rate in connection with the revolving credit facility. The interest rate swap agreements are designated and accounted for as accounting hedges (see Note 3, Fair Value Measurements 

 of the Consolidated Financial Statements). Aside from these instruments, we do not utilize special-purpose financing vehicles or have any material undisclosed off-balance
 sheet arrangements. 
 Market Risk Exposure
: 

 Foreign Currency Risk 

We have market risk exposure related to foreign currency transactions from our operations outside the U.S., as well as certain suppliers to our domestic businesses located outside the U.S. The foreign currencies where we have market risk exposure are the Australian dollar, British pound, Canadian dollar, Chinese yuan, Euro, and New Israeli shekel. Assessing foreign currency exposures is a component of our overall ongoing risk management process, with such currency risks managed as we deem appropriate. 

 Concentration of Customers/Products Risk 

Our Diagnostics segment s revenues from sales to three customers were 33 and 32 of the Diagnostics segment s total net revenues for fiscal 2021 and 2020, respectively, or 13 and 15 of consolidated net revenues in each fiscal year. Additionally, our three major Diagnostics segment product families gastrointestinal, respiratory illnesses and blood chemistry accounted for 80 and 82 of our Diagnostics segment s net revenues during fiscal 2021 and 2020, respectively, or 32 and 39 of each year s consolidated net revenues. 

 Our Life Science segment s revenues from sales to three diagnostics manufacturing customers were 22 and 30 of the Life Science segment s total net revenues for fiscal 2021 and 2020, respectively or 13 and 16 of consolidated net revenues in each fiscal year. Additionally, sales of products related to COVID-19
 accounted for 59 and 54 of our Life Science segment s net revenues during fiscal 2021 and 2020, respectively, or 35 and 28 of each year s consolidated net revenues. 
 Critical Accounting Policies
: 

 The Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Form 10-K
 have been prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Such accounting principles require management to make judgments about estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, expenses and related disclosures. Listed below are the accounting policies management believes to be critical to understanding the Consolidated Financial Statements, along with reference to location of the policy discussion within the Consolidated Financial Statements. The listed policies are considered critical due to the fact that application of such polices requires the use of significant estimates and assumptions, and the carrying values of related assets and liabilities are material. 

- 36 - 

Table of Contents 

Accounting Policy

Location Within Consolidated Financial Statements

Examples of Key Estimate Assumptions

Goodwill 
 
 Note 1(h) 
 
 Discounted cash flow assumptions (e.g., long-term growth rates, discount rate, EBITDA) 

Revenue Recognition 
 
 Note 1(i) 
 
 Distributor price adjustments and fee accruals 

Income Taxes 
 
 Note 1(l) and Note 11 
 
 Uncertain positions and state apportionment factors 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements
: 

 A description of accounting pronouncements recently adopted by the Company, as well as accounting pronouncements issued but not yet adopted by the Company, are set forth in Note 1(s), Summary of Significant Accounting Policies- Recent Accounting Pronouncements 

 of the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 ITEM 7A. 

 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

 See Capital Resources and Market Risk Exposure above within Item 7, beginning on page 35. 

- 37 - 

Table of Contents 
 ITEM 8. 

 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

 Index to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

39 

Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firms 

40 

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019 

44 

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019 

45 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019 

46 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2021 and 2020 

47 

Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity for the years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019 

49 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

50 

Schedule No. II Valuation and Qualifying Accounts for the years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019 

80 
 
 All other supplemental schedules are omitted due to the absence of conditions under which they are required or because the information is shown in the Consolidated Financial Statements or Notes thereto. 

- 38 - 

Table of Contents 
 MANAGEMENT S REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING 

 Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f).
 
 The Company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the Company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting can only provide reasonable assurance and may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

 Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2021, based on the framework and criteria in the 2013 Internal Control Integrated Framework, 

issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO ). Based on management s evaluation and those criteria, the Company concluded that its system of internal control over financial reporting was effective as of September 30, 2021. 
 The Company s independent registered public accounting firm has issued an attestation report on the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

/s/ Jack Kenny

/s/ Bryan T. Baldasare

Jack Kenny 

Bryan T. Baldasare 
 
 Chief Executive Officer 

Executive Vice President and 
 
 November 23, 2021 

Chief Financial Officer 

November 23, 2021 

- 39 - 

Table of Contents 
 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of Meridian Bioscience, Inc. 

 Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of Meridian Bioscience, Inc. (the Company) as of September 30, 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income, shareholders equity, and cash flows for the year then ended, and the related notes and consolidated financial statement schedule listed in the Index to Annual Report on Form 10-K at Item 15 (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at September 30, 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year then ended, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 

We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2021, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) and our report dated November 23, 2021, expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 

 Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matter 

The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the account or disclosure to which it relates. 

Evaluation of Goodwill Impairment for the Diagnostics Reporting Unit

Description of the Matter

At September 30, 2021, the Company has recorded goodwill of 94.9 million within the Diagnostics reporting unit (within the Diagnostics reportable segment). As discussed in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, goodwill is tested for impairment annually at the beginning of the fourth quarter, or more frequently if indicators of potential impairment exist. Auditing management s annual goodwill impairment test related to Diagnostics reporting unit was especially challenging due to the complexity of forecasting the long-term cash flows of the Diagnostics reporting unit and the estimation uncertainty of certain assumptions included within such forecasts. The estimation uncertainty was primarily due to the sensitivity of the Diagnostic reporting unit s fair value to changes in the significant assumptions used in the income approach, such as forecasted net revenues, earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization (EBITDA) margins, long-term growth rates, and discount rates. These significant assumptions require a high degree of estimation and judgment based on an evaluation of historical performance, current industry and macroeconomic conditions. 

- 40 - 

Table of Contents 

How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit

We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of controls over the Company s annual goodwill impairment process, including controls over management s review of the significant assumptions described above and controls over management s review of its financial forecasts and carrying value of the Diagnostics reporting unit.

To test the estimated fair value of the Diagnostics reporting unit, we performed audit procedures that included, among others, involving an internal valuation specialist to assist in our evaluation of the methodologies and certain significant assumptions used by the Company. We assessed the reasonableness of the Company s assumptions around forecasted net revenues, EBITDA margins, long-term growth rates, and discount rates by comparing those assumptions to recent historical performance, current economic and industry trends, and financial forecasts. We also assessed the reasonableness of estimates included in the Company s Diagnostics reporting unit financial forecast by evaluating how such assumptions compared to economic, industry, and peer expectations. We evaluated management s historical accuracy of forecasting Diagnostics reporting unit net revenues and EBITDA margins by comparing past forecasts to subsequent actual activity. We performed various sensitivity analyses around these significant assumptions to understand the impact on the fair value calculation.

/s/ Ernst Young LLP 

 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2020. 

 Cincinnati, Ohio 

 November 23, 2021 

- 41 - 

Table of Contents 
 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

Board of Directors and Shareholders 

 Meridian Bioscience, Inc. 

 Opinion on the financial statements

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of Meridian Bioscience, Inc. (an Ohio corporation) and subsidiaries (the Company as of September 30, 2020, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income, shareholders equity, and cash flows for the years ended September 30, 2020 and 2019, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of September 30, 2020, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years ended September 30, 2020 and 2019, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

 Basis for opinion

These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

 /s/ GRANT THORNTON LLP 

 We served as the Company s auditor from 2005 to 2020. 

 Cincinnati, Ohio 

 November 23, 2020 

- 42 - 

Table of Contents 
 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of Meridian Bioscience, Inc. 

 Opinion on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

We have audited Meridian Bioscience, Inc. s (the Company) internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2021, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the COSO criteria). In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2021, based on the COSO criteria. 

We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheet of the Company as of September 30, 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income, shareholders equity, and cash flows for the year then ended, and the related notes and consolidated financial statement schedule listed in the Index to Annual Report on Form 10-K at Item 15 and our report dated November 23, 2021, expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 

 Basis for Opinion 

The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting Management s Report ). Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 

 Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

 /s/ Ernst Young LLP 

 Cincinnati, Ohio 

 November 23, 2021 

- 43 - 

Table of Contents 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS (in thousands, except per share data) 

Meridian Bioscience, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

For the Year Ended September 30,

2021

2020 

2019 

Net Revenues

Cost of Sales

Gross Profit

Operating Expenses:

Research and development

Selling and marketing

General and administrative

Product recall costs

Selected legal costs

Acquisition-related costs

Change in fair value of acquisition
 consideration
 and settlement

() 

Restructuring costs

Total Operating Expenses

Operating Income

Other Income (Expense):

Interest income

Interest expense

() 

() 
 
 RADx grant income

Other, net

Total Other Expense, Net

() 

() 

Earnings Before Income Taxes

Income Tax Provision

Net Earnings

Earnings Per Share Data:

Basic earnings per common share

Diluted earnings per common share

Common shares used for basic earnings per common share

Effect of dilutive stock options and restricted share units

Common shares used for diluted earnings per common share

Dividends declared per common share

Anti-Dilutive Securities:

Common share options and restricted share units

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements. 

- 44 - 

Table of Contents 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (in thousands) 
 Meridian Bioscience, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

For the Year Ended September 30,

2021

2020 

2019 

Net Earnings

Other Comprehensive Income (Loss):

Foreign currency translation adjustment

() 
 
 Unrealized gain (loss) on cash flow hedge

() 

() 
 
 Reclassification of amortization of gain on cash flow hedge

() 

() 
 
 Income taxes related to items of other comprehensive income (loss)

Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), Net of Tax

() 

Comprehensive Income

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements. 

- 45 - 

Table of Contents 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (in thousands) 
 Meridian Bioscience, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

For the Year Ended September 30,

2021

2020 

2019 

Cash Flows From Operating Activities

Net earnings

Non-cash items included in net earnings:

Depreciation of property, plant and equipment

Amortization of intangible assets

Stock compensation expense

Deferred income taxes

() 
 
 Losses on dispositions of long-lived assets

Change in fair value of acquisition consideration and settlement

() 

Change in the following, net of acquisitions:

Accounts receivable

() 

() 
 
 Inventories

() 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets

() 

() 
 
 Accounts payable and accrued expenses

() 
 
 Income taxes payable

Other, net

() 

Net cash provided by operating activities

Cash Flows From Investing Activities

Purchase of property, plant and equipment

() 

() 
 
 RADx grant proceeds offsetting cost of equipment

Payment of acquisition consideration holdback

Disposals of property, plant and equipment

Acquisitions, net of cash acquired and holdback

() 

() 

Net cash used in investing activities

() 

() 

Cash Flows From Financing Activities

Proceeds from revolving credit facility

Payment of acquisition consideration

Payment on revolving credit facility

() 

Payment on government grant obligations

Payment of debt issuance costs

() 

() 
 
 Payments on term loan

() 
 
 Proceeds from exercise of stock options

Dividends paid

() 

Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities

() 

Effect of Exchange Rate Changes on Cash and Cash Equivalents

() 

Net (Decrease) Increase in Cash and Cash Equivalents

() 

Cash and Cash Equivalents at Beginning of Period

Cash and Cash Equivalents at End of Period

Supplemental Cash Flow Information: 

See Notes 1(g), 3, 9, 10 and 11. 

 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements. 

- 46 - 

Table of Contents 

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (in thousands) 
 Meridian Bioscience, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

As of September 30,

2021

2020 

Assets

Current Assets:

Cash and cash equivalents

Accounts receivable, less allowances of and , respectively

Inventories, net

Prepaid expenses and other current assets

Total Current Assets

Property, Plant and Equipment:

Land

Buildings and improvements

Machinery, equipment and furniture

Construction in progress

Subtotal

Less: accumulated depreciation and amortization

Net Property, Plant and Equipment

Other Assets:

Goodwill

Other intangible assets, net

Right-of-use assets, net

Deferred income taxes

Other assets

Total Other Assets

Total Assets

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements. 

- 47 - 

Table of Contents 

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (in thousands) 

Meridian Bioscience, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

As of September 30,

2021

2020 

Liabilities and Shareholders Equity

Current Liabilities:

Accounts payable

Accrued employee compensation costs

Accrued product recall costs

Current portion of acquisition consideration

Current operating lease obligations

Current government grant obligations

Other accrued expenses

Income taxes payable

Total Current Liabilities

Non-Current Liabilities:

Acquisition consideration

Post-employment benefits

Fair value of interest rate swaps

Long-term operating lease obligations

Long-term debt

Government grant obligations

Long-term income taxes payable

Deferred income taxes

Other non-current liabilities

Total Non-Current Liabilities

Commitments and Contingencies

Shareholders Equity:

Preferred stock, par value; shares authorized; ne issued

Common shares, par value; shares authorized, and issued, respectively

Additional paid-in capital

Retained earnings

Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)

() 

Total Shareholders Equity

Total Liabilities and Shareholders Equity

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements. 

- 48 - 

Table of Contents 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY (in thousands, except per share data) 
 Meridian Bioscience, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

Common Shares Issued 

Additional Paid-in Capital 

Retained Earnings 

Accum Other Comp (Loss) Income 

Total 

Balance at September 30, 2018

() 

Cash dividends paid - per share

() 

() 
 
 Conversion of restricted share units and exercise of stock options

Stock compensation expense

Net earnings

Foreign currency translation adjustment

() 

() 
 
 Hedging activity, net of tax

() 

() 
 
 Adoption of ASU 2014-09

() 

() 
 
 Adoption of ASU 2018-02

() 

Balance at September 30, 2019

() 

Conversion of restricted share units and exercise of stock options

Stock compensation expense

Net earnings

Foreign currency translation adjustment

Hedging activity, net of tax

() 

() 

Balance at September 30, 2020

() 

Conversion of restricted share units and exercise of stock options

Stock compensation expense

Net earnings

Foreign currency translation adjustment

Hedging activity, net of tax

Balance at September 30, 2021

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements. 

- 4 9
 -

Table of Contents 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Meridian Bioscience, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

(in thousands, except per share data) 

- 50 - 

Table of Contents 

and at September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively. We estimate these reserves based on assumptions about future demand and market conditions. If actual demand and market conditions were to be less favorable than such estimates, additional inventory write-downs would be required and recorded in the period known. 

to years 

 Leasehold improvements - 

 Machinery, equipment and furniture - to years 

 Computer equipment and software - to years 

 Instruments under customer reagent rental arrangements - years 

 Supplemental Cash Flow Information (Non-Cash Capital Expenditures) 

Additions to property, plant and equipment for which cash remained unpaid 

 totaled , and 
 
at September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. 

intangible assets with indefinite lives other than goodwill. 

 The historical annual impairment assessment of the Company s goodwill as of June 30, 2021 ,
 consisted of qualitative assessments for each of our Diagnostics and Life Science reporting units. A qualitative assessment is first performed to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying value using qualitative indicators. In the event that the reporting unit does not pass the 

- 51 - 

Table of Contents 

greater than 
 its
 carrying value. 

Long-lived assets, excluding goodwill, are reviewed for impairment when events or circumstances indicate that such assets may not be recoverable at their carrying value. Whether an event or circumstance triggers an impairment is determined by comparing an estimate of the asset s future undiscounted cash flows to its carrying value. If impairment has occurred, it is measured by a fair-value based calculation. 

 Our ability to recover the carrying value of our identifiable intangible assets is dependent upon the future cash flows of the related assets. We make judgments and assumptions regarding future cash flows, including net revenues levels, gross profit margins, operating expense levels, working capital levels, and capital expenditures. With respect to identifiable intangible assets and fixed assets, we also make judgments and assumptions regarding useful lives. 

 We consider the following factors in evaluating events and circumstances for possible impairment: (i) significant under-performance relative to historical or projected operating results; (ii) negative industry trends; (iii) net revenues levels of specific groups of products (related to specific identifiable intangibles); (iv) changes in overall business strategies; and (v) other factors. If actual cash flows are less favorable than projections, this could trigger impairment of identifiable intangible assets and other long-lived assets. No triggering events have been identified by the Company for the years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019. 

- 52 - 

Table of Contents 

. Accounts receivable are recorded in the Consolidated Balance Sheets at invoiced amounts less provisions for distributor price adjustments under local contracts and doubtful accounts. The allowance for doubtful accounts represents our estimate of probable credit losses and is based on historical write-off experience and known conditions that would likely lead to non-payment. Customer invoices are charged off against the allowance for doubtful accounts when we believe it is probable that the invoices will not be paid. The Company specifically considered the impact of the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic on its accounts receivable and determined there was no material impact on existing accounts receivable at September 30, 2021 
 or

 2020. 

 or less. These costs, recorded within selling and marketing expense, include our internal sales force compensation programs and certain partner sales incentive programs, as we have determined that annual compensation is commensurate with annual selling activities. 

- 53 - 

Table of Contents 

likely of being ultimately realized upon ultimate settlement. If it is not more likely than not that the benefit will be sustained on its technical merits, no benefit is recorded. We recognize accrued interest related to unrecognized tax benefits as a portion of our income tax provision in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 

- 54 - 

Table of Contents 

- 55 - 

Table of Contents 

EMEA

ROW

Total Diagnostics

Life Science-

Americas

EMEA

ROW

Total Life Science

Consolidated

Net Revenues by Product Platform/Type 

Year Ended September 30,

2021 

2020 

2019 

Diagnostics-

Molecular assays

Non-molecular assays

Total Diagnostics

Life Science-

Molecular reagents

Immunological reagents

Total Life Science

Net Revenues by Disease State (Diagnostics only) 

Year Ended September 30,

2021 

2020 

2019 

Diagnostics-

Gastrointestinal assays

Respiratory illness assays

Blood chemistry assays

Other

Total Diagnostics

Royalty Income

Royalty income received from a third party related to sales of H. pylori

 products, totaled approximately , 
 and 
 for the years ended September 30, 2021 , 2020
 and 2019

, respectively. Such revenue is included as part of Non-molecular assays and Other within the Revenue by Product Platform/Type and Revenue by Disease State tables, respectively, above. 

- 5 6
 - 

Table of Contents 

, 
 and 
 for the years ended September 30, 2021
 , 2020
 and 2019

 , respectively. Such revenue is included as part of net revenues in our Consolidated Statements of Operations. 

of the outstanding revolving credit facility discussed in Note 10 to a fixed rate. The fair values of the interest rate swap agreements were determined by reference to a third-party valuation and is considered a Level 2 input within the fair value hierarchy of valuation techniques. 

 As indicated in Note 4, we acquired the BreathTek business and Exalenz Bioscience Ltd. Exalenz in fiscal 2021 and 2020, respectively. In the BreathTek acquisition, the fair values of inventories acquired were valued using Level 2 inputs, which included data points that were observable, such as established values of comparable assets and historical sales information (market approach). Identifiable 
intangible assets, specifically the acquired customer relationships, were
 valued using Level 3 inputs, which are unobservable by nature, and included internal estimates of future cash flows and attrition rates (income approach). Significant increases (decreases) in any of those unobservable inputs, as of the date of the acquisition, in isolation would result in a significantly lower (higher) fair value measurement .

In the Exalenz acquisition, the fair values of the acquired accounts receivable, inventories, property plant and equipment, and other current assets, and the fair values of the assumed accounts payable and accrued expenses, were valued using Level 2 inputs, which included data points that were observable, such as appraisals or established values of comparable assets (market approach). Identifiable intangible assets and contingent consideration were valued using Level 3 inputs, which are unobservable by nature, a
nd included internal estimates of future cash flows (income approach). Significant increases (decreases) in any of those unobservable inputs, as of the date of the acquisition, in isolation would result in a significantly lower (higher) fair value measurement. Management engaged a third-party valuation firm to assist in the determination of acquisition fair values, and specifically those considered Level 3 measurements. Management ultimately maintained oversight over the third-party valuation firm to ensure that the transaction-specific assumptions were appropriate for the Company. 

 In connection with the acquisition of the business of GenePOC, Inc. GenePOC in fiscal 2019 and subsequent amendments to modify certain terms of the agreement related to contingent consideration achievement levels and milestone dates, the Company was required to make contingent consideration payments of up to (originally at the acquisition date), comprised of up to for achievement of product development milestones (originally at the acquisition date) and up to for achievement of certain financial targets. The fair value for the contingent consideration recognized upon the acquisition as part of the purchase price allocation was . Giving effect to subsequent agreements to modify certain terms of the agreement related to contingent consideration achievement levels and milestone dates, the fair value of the product development milestone payments were estimated by discounting the probability-weighted contingent payments to present value and presented on the Consolidated Balance Sheets based on the Company s anticipated date of payment at each reporting period. Assumptions used in the calculations included probability of success, duration of the earn-out and discount rate, with such calculations being updated for the effect of the previously noted amendments to the contingent consideration achievement levels and milestone dates. The fair value of the financial performance target payments was determined using a Monte Carlo simulation-based model. Assumptions used in these calculations included expected net revenues, probability of certain developments, expected expenses and discount rate. In August 2021, the Company paid to settle the contingent consideration obligation, resulting in a net gain for the year ended September 30, 2021. 

- 57 - 

Table of Contents 

() 

As of September 30, 2020

() 

() 

Contingent consideration -

As of September 30, 2021

As of September 30, 2020

() 

() 
 Supplemental Cash Flow Information (Non-Cash Acquisition Consideration) 

In arriving at the settlement payment, the acquisition consideration obligation related to acquisition of the GenePOC business decreased and during the years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively, due in large part to amendment of certain terms of the original contingent consideration achievement levels and milestone dates, as well as the settlement in August 2021. 

, subject to a holdback, which is recorded in acquisition consideration on the Consolidated Balance Sheets, to secure the selling party s performance of certain post-closing obligations that is payable 15 months following the BreathTek acquisition date. As part of the acquisition, we primarily acquired BreathTek inventories and assumed the customer relationships to supply the BreathTek product in North America. The acquired inventories and customer relationships were valued on a preliminary basis at and , respectively, with the useful life of the customer relationships estimated at . The Company s fiscal 2021 consolidated results include of net revenues from sales of BreathTek products, which contributed approximately of net earnings. These results, which are reported as part of the Diagnostics segment, include amortization expense related to the customer relationships recorded in the purchase price allocation totaling for the year ended September 30, 2021. 

Unaudited Pro Forma Information BreathTek

Net earnings

Acquisition of Exalenz 

On April 30, 2020 the Exalenz acquisition date ), we acquired of the outstanding common shares and voting interest of Exalenz, a Modi in, Israel based provider of the BreathID Breath Test Systems BreathID ), a breath test platform for the detection of Helicobacter pylori. 

Cash consideration totaled million New Israeli Shekels NIS ), which equated to at the date of closing. Including debt assumed and repaid shortly after closing, the total consideration transferred was . To finance the acquisition, the Company utilized cash and cash equivalents on hand and proceeds drawn from our revolving credit facility (see Note 10). 

- 58 - 

Table of Contents 

. The settlement of the currency contracts resulted in an gain, which is reflected within other income (expense) in the Consolidated Statement of Operations for the year ended September 30, 2020. 

 As a result of total consideration exceeding the fair value of the net assets acquired, goodwill in the amount of was recorded in connection with this acquisition, none of which will be deductible for U.S. tax purposes. The goodwill results largely from our ability to market and sell the BreathID system through our established customer base and distribution channels. The Consolidated Statement of Operations for the year ended September 30, 2020 ,
 included of acquisition-related costs related to the Exalenz acquisition, which are reflected in operating expenses. 

Net loss

() 
 These results, which are reported as part of the Diagnostics segment, include amortization expense related to specific identifiable assets recorded in the purchase price allocation, including a non-compete agreement, trade name, technology and customer relationships, totaling and for the years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

Accounts receivable

Inventories

Other current assets

Property, plant and equipment

Goodwill

Other intangible assets (estimated useful life):

Non-compete agreement years)

Trade name years)

Technology years)

Customer relationships years)

Right-of-use assets

Deferred tax assets, net

Fair value of liabilities assumed -

Accounts payable and accrued expenses (including current portion of lease and government grant obligations)

Long-term lease obligations

Long-term government grant obligations

Other non-current liabilities

Total consideration paid (including to pay off long-term debt)

- 59 - 

Table of Contents 

Net earnings

These pro forma amounts have been calculated by including the results of Exalenz and adjusting the combined results to give effect to the following, as if the acquisitions had been consummated on October 1, 2018, together with the consequential tax effects thereon: 

Adjustments to Net Earnings

Exalenz pre-acquisition net losses

() 

() 
 
 Pro forma adjustments:

Meridian acquisition-related costs

Exalenz transaction-related costs

Gain on Exalenz purchase price currency contracts

() 

Remove net impact of non-continuing activities

() 

Incremental depreciation and amortization

() 

() 
 
 Incremental interest costs, net

() 

() 
 
 Tax effects of pro forma adjustments and recognizing benefit on resulting Exalenz losses

Total Adjustments to Net Earnings

() 

() 

has been estimated and accrued as of September 30, 2021, to cover the currently estimated costs of the recall
 . In total, approximately 

of recall-related expense 
 has been
 included within the Consolidated Statement of Operations for the year ended September 30, 2021. Anticipated recall-related costs, which primarily include product replacement and/or refund costs, mailing/shipping costs, attorneys fees, and other miscellaneous costs are estimated based upon the most recent information available. Information utilized in the accrual estimation process includes observable inputs such as customer on-hand inventory data, product sales data, average sales price, and product inventory turns, among other things. Available information is subject to change as the recall period extends, and such changes will be recorded in the period known. 

- 60 - 

Table of Contents 

, the Company s wholly owned subsidiary Magellan received a subpoena from the U.S. Department of Justice DOJ regarding its LeadCare product line. The subpoena outlines documents to be produced, and the Company is cooperating with the DOJ in this matter. The Company maintains rigorous policies 

and procedures to promote compliance with applicable regulatory agencies and requirements and is working with the DOJ to promptly respond to the subpoena, including responding to additional information requests that have followed receipt of the subpoena in April 2018. The Company has executed tolling agreements to extend the statute of limitations. In March and April 2021, DOJ issued two subpoenas calling for witnesses to testify before a federal grand jury related to this matter. The March 2021 subpoena was issued to a former employee of Magellan, and the April subpoena was issued to a current employee of Magellan. In September and October 2021, DOJ issued additional subpoenas to individuals seeking testimony and documents in connection with its ongoing investigation. The Company cannot predict when the investigation will be resolved, the outcome of the investigation, or its potential impact on the Company. Approximately 
 , 
 and 
 of expense for attorneys fees related to this matter is included within the Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively.

 Magellan submitted 510(k) applications in December 2018, seeking to reinstate venous blood sample-types for its LeadCare II, LeadCare Plus and LeadCare Ultra testing systems. In the second fiscal quarter of 2019 the FDA informed Magellan that each of these 510(k) applications had been put on Additional Information hold. On July 15, 2019, we provided responses to the FDA s requests for Additional Information. These 510(k) applications have since expired and are no longer under FDA review. Further, while Magellan s LeadCare testing systems remain cleared for marketing by the FDA and permitted for use with capillary blood samples, the FDA advised that it has commissioned a third-party study of the Company s LeadCare testing systems using both venous and capillary blood samples. According to the FDA, the results of the field study will be used in conjunction with other information to determine whether further action by the FDA or the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention CDC is necessary to protect the public health. The Company intends to fully cooperate with the FDA or CDC on any follow-up based on the third-party study. 

 During October 2019, the FDA performed a follow-up inspection of Magellan s manufacturing facility. The FDA issued five Form FDA 483 observations. On March 18, 2020, we participated in a regulatory meeting with the FDA at the FDA s request to further discuss the Form FDA 483 observations and our remediation efforts. Since the inspection, we have submitted a number of written responses to the FDA regarding the five Form FDA 483 observations issued in the October 2019 inspection, and have worked diligently to execute a remediation plan. During October 2020, the FDA issued Establishment Inspection Reports which closed out the inspections from June 2017 and October 2019 under 21 C.F.R.20.64(d)(3). 

 During June 2021, the FDA performed an inspection of Magellan s manufacturing facility. As a result of this inspection, the FDA issued one Form 483 observation. On August 3, 2021, FDA sent Magellan a close-out letter for the Warning Letter that FDA issued to Magellan on October 23, 2017. FDA s close-out letter notified Magellan that FDA has completed an evaluation of Magellan s corrective actions in response to FDA s Warning Letter, and based on FDA s evaluation, Magellan has addressed the issues identified in the Warning Letter. FDA s close-out letter also stated that future FDA inspections of Magellan and regulatory activities will further assess the adequacy and sustainability of Magellan s corrections. 

Cash on hand, unrestricted

Total

- 61 - 

Table of Contents 

Work-in-process

Finished goods - instruments

Finished goods - kits and reagents

Total

, reflecting: (i) a increase from the currency translation adjustment on goodwill in the Diagnostics segment; (ii) a increase from the currency translation adjustment on goodwill in the Life Science segment; and (iii) a decrease related to Exalenz, reflecting additional measurement period adjustments (see Note 4). 

Tradenames, licenses and patents

Customer lists, customer relationships and supply agreements

Non-compete agreements

The aggregate amortization expense for these intangible assets for the years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019 was , and , respectively. The estimated aggregate amortization expense for these intangible assets for each of the five succeeding fiscal years is as follows: fiscal 2022 - , fiscal 2023 - , fiscal 2024 - , fiscal 2025 - and fiscal 2026 - . 

- 62 - 

Table of Contents 

Lease costs within operating expenses

Right-of-use assets, net obtained in exchange for operating lease liabilities

The amounts charged to expense under operating leases in fiscal 2019 tot a
led 2,372. In addition, the Company periodically enters into other short-term operating leases, generally with an initial term of twelve months or less. These leases are not recorded on the Consolidated Balance Sheet s
 and the related lease expense is immaterial for fiscal 2021 and 2020. 

 The Company often has options to renew lease terms, with the exercise of lease renewal options generally at the Company s sole discretion. In addition, certain lease arrangements may be terminated prior to their original expiration date at our discretion. We evaluate renewal and termination options at the lease commencement date to determine if we are reasonably certain to exercise the option on the basis of economic factors. The discount rate implicit within our leases is generally not determinable and, therefore, the Company uses its incremental borrowing rate as the basis for its discount rate. 

yrs.

yrs. 

Average discount rate

2023

2024

2025

2026

Thereafter

Total lease payments

Less amount of lease payment representing interest

() 

Total present value of lease payments

- 63 - 

Table of Contents 

, which expires in (see Note 17 for discussion of the 
post Consolidated Balance Sheet date amendment to the revolving credit facility). 
Outstanding principal amounts bear interest at a fluctuating rate tied to, at the Company s option, either the federal funds rate or LIBOR, resulting in an effective interest rate of and on the revolving credit facility during fiscal 2021 and 2020, respectively. In light of the interest being determined on a variable rate basis, the fair value of the borrowings under the credit facility at both September 30, 2021 and 2020 approximates the current carrying value reflected in the Consolidated Balance Sheets of and , respectively, which is consistent with a level 2 fair v a
lue measurement.

The revolving credit facility is collateralized by the business assets of the Company s U.S. subsidiaries and requires compliance with financial covenants that limit the amount of debt obligations and require a minimum level of coverage of fixed charges, as defined in the revolving credit facility agreement. As of September 30, 2021, the Company was in compliance with all covenants. 

 Supplemental Cash Flow Information (Interest Paid) 

Cash paid for interest totaled , and in fiscal 2021, 2021 and 2019, respectively. 

Foreign

Total earnings before income taxes

Provision 

 (benefit) 

 for income taxes -

Federal -

Current

Deferred

() 
 
 State and local

Foreign -

Current

Deferred

() 

() 

Total income tax provision

- 64 - 

Table of Contents 

Increase (decrease) in taxes resulting from -

State and local income taxes

Foreign-Derived Intangible Income tax

() 

() 

() 

() 
 
 Global Intangible Low Taxed Income 

 GILTI 

 tax

Foreign tax credit

() 

() 

() 

() 
 
 Foreign tax rate differences

() 

() 

Transaction costs

Uncertain tax position activity

Valuation allowance

Stock-based compensation

() 

() 
 
 Other, net

() 

() 

() 

() 

Resulting permanent tax expense

Offsetting foreign tax credit

() 

() 

Stock compensation expense not deductible

Net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards

Basis difference in equity-method investee

Inventories basis differences

Other

Subtotal

Less valuation allowance

() 

Deferred tax assets

Deferred tax liabilities -

Property, plant and equipment basis differences and depreciation

() 
 
 Intangible asset basis differences and amortization

() 
 
 Other

Deferred tax liabilities

() 

Net deferred tax assets

- 65 - 

Table of Contents 

in the U.S. and in foreign jurisdictions as of September 30, 2021, reduced by valuation reserves totaling . At September 30, 2020, such deferred tax assets totaled and , respectively, 

 reduced by valuation reserves totaling . The operating loss carryforwards in foreign jurisdictions, the majority of which relate to Israel, have no expiration date. The operating loss carryforwards in the U.S. expire in at the federal level, and in at the state level. The aggregate amount of federal, state and foreign operating loss carryforwards separately totaled , and , respectively, at September 30, 2021. The use of the federal and state losses is limited by the change of ownership provisions of the Internal Revenue Code. 

 The Company has recognized a deferred tax liability of and at September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively, to reflect the corporate and withholding tax impact of a presumed repatriation of foreign earnings. 

 The realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable incom e
 in the applicable jurisdictions. We have considered the levels of currently anticipated pre-tax income in U.S. and foreign jurisdictions in assessing the required level of the deferred tax asset valuation allowance including the characterization of the income as ordinary or capital. Taking into consideration historical and current operating results, and other factors, we believe that it is more likely than not that the net deferred tax asset of will be realized. The amount of the net deferred tax asset considered realizable, however, could be reduced in future years if estimates of future taxable income are reduced. 

 We utilize a comprehensive model for the recognition, measurement, presentation and disclosure of uncertain tax positions, assuming full knowledge of all relevant facts by the applicable tax authorities. The total amount of unrecognized tax benefits at September 30, 2021 and 2020 related to such positions was and , respectively, of which at September 30, 2021 would favorably impact the effective tax rate if recognized. We generally recognize interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions as a component of our income tax provision. During fiscal 2021 and 2020, such penalties and interest totaled approximately and , respectively. We had approximately accrued for the payment of interest and penalties at September 30, 2021, compared to accrued at September 30, 2020. The amount of our liability for uncertain tax positions expected to be paid or settled in the next months is uncertain. 

Additions for tax positions of prior years

Reductions for tax positions of prior years

() 
 
 Additions for tax positions of current year

Tax examination and other settlements

() 

() 

Unrecognized income tax benefits at end of year

We are subject to examination by the tax authorities in the U.S. (both federal and state) and the countries of Australia, Belgium, Canada, China, England, France, Germany, Holland, Israel and Italy. In the U.S., tax years subsequent to . In countries outside the U.S., open tax years generally range from fiscal . However, in Australia and Belgium, the utilization of local net operating loss carryforwards extends the statute of limitations for examination well into the foreseeable future. To the extent that adjustments result from the completion of these examinations or the lapsing of statutes of limitation, they will affect tax liabilities in the period known. We believe that the results of any tax authority examinations would not have a significant adverse impact on our consolidated financial condition or results of operations. 

 Supplemental Cash Flow Information (Income Taxes Paid) 

Cash paid for income taxes totaled , and in fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. 

- 66 - 

Table of Contents 

of an employee s contributions, up to a maximum match of of eligible compensation. Our discretionary and matching contributions to the plan, which are
 recorded primarily within operating expenses, amounted to approximately , and , for the years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. 

(b)

Stock-Based Compensation Plans

 -
 During fiscal 2021, the Company had two active stock-based compensation plans, the 2012 Stock Incentive Plan, which became effective January 25, 2012 (the 2012 Plan and the 2021 Omnibus Award Plan, which became effective January 27, 2021 (the 2021 Plan ). 
 
 The 2021 Plan is authorized to grant new shares for options, restricted shares or restricted share units for up to shares, including non-granted shares from the 2012 Plan permitted to be carried forward and added to the 2021 Plan authorized limit. As of September 30, 2021, shares have been granted under the 2021 Plan, thereby resulting in a remaining authorized limit of shares. Options may be granted at exercise prices not less than of the closing market value of the underlying common shares on the date of grant and have maximum terms up to . Vesting schedules for options, restricted shares and restricted share units are established at the time of grant and may be set based on future service periods, achievement of performance targets, or a combination thereof. All options contain provisions restricting their transferability and limiting their exercise in the event of termination of employment, or the disability or death of the optionee. We recognize compensation expense for all share-based payments made to employees, based upon the fair value of the share-based payment on the date of the grant. 

 During fiscal years 2019 through 2021, we granted, in the aggregate for the three-year period, approximately restricted share units (with weighted-average grant date fair values of per share in fiscal 2019, per share in fiscal 2020 and per share in fiscal 2021) to certain employees, including CEO, Jack Kenny, as separately detailed below. The units granted in fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019 were generally time-vested restricted share units vesting in total on the third anniversary of the grant date. 

 During fiscal 2020, in connection with Mr. Kenny s Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, effective October 1, 2019, we granted to Mr. Kenny: (i) options to purchase approximately shares of common stock of the Company (with a grant date fair value of per share) vesting on a pro rata basis over the ending ; and (ii) approximately restricted share units (with a grant date fair value of per share) vesting on the October 1, 2022, which are included within the restricted share units noted above. 

 Giving effect to these grants, cancellations and certain other activities for restricted shares and restricted share units throughout the years, including conversions to common shares, forfeitures, and new hire and employee promotion grants, approximately restricted share units remain outstanding as of September 30, 2021, with a weighted-average grant date fair value of per share, a weighted-average remaining vesting period of years and an aggregate intrinsic value of . The weighted-average grant date fair value of the approximate restricted share units that vested during fiscal 2021 was per share. 

 The amount of stock-based compensation expense was , and for the years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. The fiscal 2021 expense is comprised of related to stock options and related to restricted share units; the fiscal 2020 expense is comprised of related to stock options and related to restricted share units ; and the fiscal 2019 expense is comprised of related to stock options and related to restricted share units. The total income tax benefit recognized in the Consolidated Statements of Operations for these stock-based compensation arrangements was , and , for the years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. As of September 30, 2021, we expect future stock compensation expense for unvested options and unvested restricted share units to total and , respectively, which will be recognized during fiscal years . 

- 67 - 

Table of Contents 

to in each of the years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019. During the years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019, we recorded , and , respectively, in stock-based compensation expense to adjust estimated forfeiture rates to actual. 

 - 

Life of option

- yrs.

yrs .

yrs .

Risk-free interest rates

-

Dividend yield

Grants

Exercises

() 

Forfeitures

() 

Cancellations

() 

Outstanding end of period

Exercisable end of period

Granted

Vested

() 

Forfeitures

() 

Nonvested end of period

- 68 - 

Table of Contents 

, and , respectively; (ii) the total intrinsic value of options exercised was , and , respectively; and (iii) the total grant-date fair value of options that vested was , and , respectively. 

 Cash received from options exercised was , and for the years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. 

to ), is not dictated by an established repayment schedule. Rather, the grants and related interest are required to be repaid using of the net revenues generated from the sales of BreathID products, with repayment contingent upon the level and timing of such revenues. In addition, the grants have no collateral or financial covenant provisions generally associated with traditional borrowing instruments. Following the repayment of a substantial portion (approximately of the higher rate grant obligations during fiscal 2021, these obligation amounts total and as of September 30, 2021 and 2020, with the grant obligations remaining at September 30, 2021, bearing interest at rates ranging from to . 

Non-current liabilities

Additionally, the Company has provided certain post-employment benefits to its former Chief Executive Officer, and these obligations total and at September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively. In addition, the Company is required by the governments of certain foreign countries in which we operate to maintain a level of accruals for potential future severance indemnity. These accruals total and at September 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

 under the grant contract for reimbursement of eligible research and development expenditures. These amounts are included within other income (expense) in the Consolidated Statement of Operations for the year ended September 30, 2021. 

 Effective February 1, 2021, the Company entered into a second grant contract under the RADx initiative, the purpose of which is to support the Company s manufacturing production scale-up and expansion to meet the demand for COVID-19 testing. The contract is a term service contract, with payment of up to being made based on the Company achieving key milestones related to increasing its capacity to produce COVID-19 tests. As of September 30, 2021, has been received related to this contract and is reflected as a reduction in the cost of equipment within construction in progress on the Consolidated Balance Sheet. 

- 69 - 

Table of Contents 

Inter-segment

Operating (loss) income

Depreciation and amortization

Capital expenditures

Goodwill

Other intangible assets, net

Total assets

Fiscal 2020

Net revenues -

Third-party

Inter-segment

Operating (loss) income

Depreciation and amortization

Capital expenditures

Goodwill

Other intangible assets, net

Total assets

Fiscal 2019

Net revenues -

Third-party

Inter-segment

Operating (loss) income

Depreciation and amortization

Capital expenditures

Goodwill

Other intangible assets, net

Total assets

(1)
 
 Includes Restructuring and Selected Legal Costs of , and for the years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. 

(2)
 
 Eliminations consist of inter-segment transactions. 

- 70 - 

Table of Contents 

Life Science segment

Eliminations

Total reportable segment operating income

Corporate operating expenses

Interest income

Interest expense

RADx initiative grant income

Other, net

Consolidated earnings before income taxes

Transactions between reportable segments are accounted for at established intercompany prices for internal and management purposes with all intercompany amounts eliminated in consolidation.

 During

 the years ended September 30, 2021 and 2020, products related to COVID-19 accounted for and , respectively, of Life Science segment net revenues ,
 and 
 
and
 , respectively, of consolidated net revenues. In addition, net revenues generated by the Company s three major Diagnostics 

 segment 

 product families gastrointestinal, respiratory illnesses and blood chemistry accounted for , and of consolidated net revenues during the years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. 

 of consolidated net revenues during the years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019, individual Diagnostics or Life Science segment customers, including their affiliates, comprising or more of reportable segment net revenues were as follows: 

Year Ended September 30,

2021

2020

2019

Diagnostics

Customer A

Customer B

Customer C

Life Science

Customer D

Customer E

Customer F

In addition, for the years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019, the Life Science segment s ten largest customers, including their affiliates, accounted for approximately 
 , 
 and 
 , respectively, of Life Science segment net revenues, and 
 , 
 and 
 , respectively, of consolidated net revenues.

 One Diagnostics segment customer (Customer B above) and one Life Science 
 segment

customer (Customer F above) accounted for approximately and , respectively, of consolidated accounts receivable as of September 30, 2021. As of September 30, 2020, only Customer F above accounted for greater than of consolidated accounts receivable, accounting for approximately .

- 71 - 

Table of Contents 

, and for the years ended September 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively, with net revenues by country for the Diagnostics and Life Science segments as follows (net revenues are attributed to the geographic area based on the location to which the product is delivered): 

Year Ended September 30,

2021

2020 

2019 

U.S. and territories

Italy

France

United Kingdom

Belgium

Holland

Finland

Japan

Other countries

Total Diagnostics

Year Ended September 30,

2021

2020 

2019 

U.S. and territories

Germany

Finland

China

United Kingdom

Spain

France

South Korea

Australia

Italy

Turkey

Japan

India

Indonesia

Holland

Canada

Other countries

Total Life Science

: 

As of September 30,

2021

2020 

Israel

United Kingdom

Germany

Canada

Italy

- 72 - 

Table of Contents 
 to . During the year ended September 30, 2021, royalty expense associated with these agreements totaled approximately , with and of such expense relating to our Diagnostics and Life Science segments, respectively. These royalty expenses are recognized as the related revenues are earned and are recorded as a component of cost of sales. Annual royalty expenses associated with these agreements totaled approximately
 and for the years ended September 30, 2020 and 2019, respectively , with approximately and , respectively, of such expense relating to the Diagnostics segment. 

for fiscal 2022 and for fiscal 2023 through fiscal 202 6
. purchase commitments have been made beyond fiscal 202 6
. 

(c)

Litigation

-

We are a party to various litigation matters from time to time that we believe are in the normal course of business. The ultimate resolution of these routine matters is not expected to have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows. Additionally, the Company has also become a party to certain legal matters that are somewhat outside the normal course of business. See Note 5 for a discussion of Magellan s DOJ matter.

(d)

Indemnifications

 -
 In conjunction with certain contracts and agreements, we provide routine indemnifications related to our performance obligations. The terms of these indemnifications range in duration and in some circumstances are not explicitly defined. The maximum obligation under some such indemnifications is not explicitly stated and, as a result of our having no history of paying such indemnifications, cannot be reasonably estimated. We have t made any payments for these indemnifications and liability is recorded at September 30, 2021 or 2020. 

; (ii) extend the term to ; and (iii) modify the financial covenants to more closely align with the Company s size and strategic plans. Other details of the credit facility remain relatively unchanged. 

 On November 9, 2021, notification was received from the FDA that emergency use authorization EUA had been granted for the Company s Revogene SARS-CoV-2 assay. 

- 73 - 

Table of Contents 
 
 ITEM 9. 

CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS 

ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

Following a request for proposal RFP process, effective December 22, 2020 (the Effective Date ), the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors of Meridian selected Ernst Young LLP EY as the Company s independent registered public accounting firm for the Company s fiscal year ended September 30, 2021. The Audit Committee dismissed Grant Thornton LLP Grant Thornton ), the Company s current independent registered public accounting firm, effective as of the Effective Date. 

Grant Thornton s reports on the Company s Consolidated Financial Statements as of and for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2020 and 2019 did not contain any adverse opinion or disclaimer of opinion, nor were they qualified or modified as to uncertainty, audit scope, or accounting principles. During the fiscal years ended September 30, 2020 and 2019, and the subsequent interim period through the Effective Date, there were: (i) no disagreements within the meaning of Item 304(a)(1)(iv) of Regulation S-K and the related instructions, between the Company and Grant Thornton, on any matters of accounting principles or practices, consolidated financial statement disclosure, or auditing scope or procedure which, if not resolved to Grant Thornton s satisfaction, would have caused Grant Thornton to make reference thereto in their reports; and (ii) no reportable events within the meaning of Item 304(a)(1)(v) of Regulation S-K. 

The Company requested that Grant Thornton furnish a letter addressed to the SEC stating whether or not it agrees with the above statements, and, if not, stating the respects in which it does not agree. A copy of Grant Thornton s letter, dated December 28, 2020, was filed as Exhibit 16.1 to Meridian s Form 8-K filed on or about December 30, 2020. 

During the fiscal years ended September 30, 2020 and 2019 and the subsequent interim period through the Effective Date, neither the Company nor anyone on its behalf has consulted with EY regarding: (i) the application of accounting principles to a specific transaction, either completed or proposed, or the type of audit opinion that might be rendered on the Company s Consolidated Financial Statements, and neither a written report nor oral advice was provided to the Company that EY concluded was an important factor considered by the Company in reaching a decision as to any accounting, auditing, or financial reporting issue; (ii) any matter that was the subject of a disagreement within the meaning of Item 304(a)(1)(iv) of Regulation S-K and the related instructions; or (iii) any reportable event within the meaning of Item 304(a)(1)(v) of Regulation S-K. 

ITEM 9A. 

CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

As of September 30, 2021, an evaluation was completed under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures pursuant to Rule 13a-15(b) and 15d-15(b) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). Based on that evaluation, our management, including the CEO and CFO, concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of September 30, 2021. There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting identified in connection with the evaluation of internal control that occurred during the fourth fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to affect, our internal control over financial reporting, or in other factors that could significantly affect internal control subsequent to September 30, 2021. 

Our internal control report is included in this Form 10-K after Item 8, under the caption Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. 

- 74 - 

Table of Contents 
 
 ITEM 9B. 

OTHER INFORMATION 

On November 19, 2021 David C. Phillips, Chairman of the Board, notified the Board of Directors that he would not be standing for re-election
 at the 2022 Annual Meeting of Shareholders. Meridian is grateful for Mr. Phillips 21 years of loyal service and wishes him well in his future endeavors. 

 Also, effective November 19, 2021 Tony Serafini-Lamanna, Executive Vice President, Diagnostics and the Company entered into a Change in Control Agreement CIC Agreement ), the form of which is filed with this report as Exhibit 10.11. 

The CIC agreement has an initial term ending December 31, 2021, and each year will automatically renew for an additional one-year
 term, provided however, that if a change in control occurs the term will expire no earlier than 24 calendar months after the calendar month in which such change in control occurs. This agreement is the result of Management s and the Board s periodic review and updates of certain policies and practices. The CIC Agreement provides, among other things, that if a change in control occurs during the term of the CIC Agreement, and the executive s employment is terminated either by us or by the executive, other than: (a) by us for cause; (b) by reason of death or disability; or (c) by the executive without good reason, such executive will receive a severance payment equal to: (A) a multiple of such executive s annual base salary; (B) a multiple of executive s target bonus amounts; and (C) earned but unused vacation time. In addition, the CIC Agreement provides that in the event that the severance and other benefits provided for in the agreement or otherwise payable to the executive would be subject to the excise tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Internal Revenue Code, the benefits under the CIC Agreement will be either delivered in full or delivered to a lesser extent which would result in no portion of the benefits being subject to such excise tax, whichever is more beneficial to the executive. 

 PART III. 

ITEM 10. 

DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

Information about our directors and officers may be found under the captions Election of Directors and Directors and Executive Officers in our Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held January 26, 2022 (the Proxy Statement ). Information about our Audit Committee may be found under the caption Committees of the Board of Directors in the Proxy Statement. That information is incorporated herein by reference. 

We have adopted a code of ethics that applies to all of our employees, including our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Accounting Officer, and other finance organization employees. The code of ethics is publicly available on our website at www.meridianbioscience.com
. If we make any substantive amendments to the code of ethics or grant any waiver, including any implicit waiver, from a provision of the code to our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, or Chief Accounting Officer, we will disclose the nature of the amendment or waiver on that website or in a report on Form 8-K. 

 ITEM 11. 

EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

The information in the Proxy Statement set forth under the captions Director Compensation, Compensation Discussion and Analysis, Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation, and Compensation Committee Report is incorporated herein by reference. 

- 75 - 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 12. 

SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

The information in the Proxy Statement set forth under the captions Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Equity Compensation Plan Information is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 13. 

CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

The information set forth in the Proxy Statement under the captions Corporate Governance and Transactions with Related Persons is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 14. 

PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 

Information concerning principal accountant fees and services appears in the Proxy Statement under the headings Principal Accounting Firm Fees and Committees of the Board of Directors and is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 15. 

EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

(a)
 
 (1) and (2) FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SCHEDULES. 

All financial statements and schedules required to be filed by Item 8 of this Form and included in this report have been so identified under Item 8. No additional financial statements or schedules are being filed since the requirements of paragraph (c) under Item 15 are not applicable to Meridian. 

(b)
 
 (3) EXHIBITS. 

Exhibit Number

Description of Exhibit

3.1

Amended Articles of Incorporation (Incorporated by reference to Meridian s Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC on November 26, 2019) 

3.2

Amended and Restated Code of Regulations (Incorporated by reference to Meridian s Form 10-K filed with the SEC on November 26, 2019) 

4.1

Description of Securities (Incorporated by reference to Meridian s Form 10-K filed with the SEC on November 26, 2019) 

10.1 

Amendment No. 1 to Supplemental Benefit Agreement Dated September 23, 2014 between Meridian and John A. Kraeutler (Incorporated by reference to Meridian s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 25, 2014) 

- 76 - 

Table of Contents 

10.2 

Third Amended and Restated Employment Agreement Dated October 3, 2016 between Meridian and John A. Kraeutler (Incorporated by reference to Meridian s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 5, 2016) 

10.3 

Amended and Restated Employment Agreement dated effective October 1, 2019 between Meridian and John P. Kenny (Incorporated by reference to Meridian s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 7, 2019) 

10.4 

2012 Stock Incentive Plan, effective January 25, 2012 (Incorporated by reference to Meridian s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the Quarterly Period Ended December 31, 2011) 

10.5 

Israeli Appendix to the Meridian Bioscience, Inc. 2012 Stock Incentive Plan dated effective July 10, 2020 (Incorporated by reference to Meridian s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the Fiscal Year Ended September 30, 2020) 

10.6 

Meridian Bioscience, Inc. 2021 Omnibus Award Plan ((Incorporated by reference to Meridian s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the Quarterly Period Ended March 31, 2021) 

10.7 

Form of Time-Based Restricted Share Unit Award Agreement (Filed herewith) 

10.8 

Form of Nonqualified Stock Option Agreement (Filed herewith) 

10.9 

Chief Executive Officer Cash-Based Incentive Compensation Plan for Fiscal Year 2021 (Incorporated by reference to Meridian s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the Quarterly Period Ended December 31, 2020) 

10.10 

Executive Vice President Cash-Based Incentive Compensation Plan for Fiscal Year 2021 (Incorporated by reference to Meridian s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the Quarterly Period Ended December 31, 2020) 

10.11 

Form of Meridian Bioscience, Inc. Change in Control Agreement dated August 4, 2016 (Incorporated by reference to Meridian s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the Quarterly Period Ended June 30, 2016) 

10.12

Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of October 25, 2021, by and among Meridian Bioscience, Inc., as Borrower, the Guarantors party thereto, the Lenders party thereto, PNC Bank, National Association, as administrative agent, PNC Capital Markets LLC, as joint lead arranger and sole bookrunner, and Fifth Third Bank, National Association, as joint lead arranger and syndication agent (Incorporated by reference to Meridian s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 29, 2021) 

21

List of Subsidiaries of the Registrant (Filed herewith) 

23.1

Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (Filed herewith) 

23.2

Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (Filed herewith) 

31.1

Certification of Principal Executive Officer required by Rule 13a-14(a) (Filed herewith) 

31.2

Certification of Principal Financial Officer required by Rule 13a-14(a) (Filed herewith) 

- 77 - 

Table of Contents 

32 

Section 1350 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer (Furnished herewith) 

101.INS 

Inline XBRL Instance Document

101.SCH 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema

101.CAL 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase

101.DEF 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase

101.LAB 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase

101.PRE 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase

104 

Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101)

Management Compensatory Contracts 

Furnished, not filed 

Pursuant to Rule 406T of Regulation S-T, these interactive data files are deemed not filed or part of a registration statement or prospectus for purposes of Sections 11 or 12 of the Securities Act of 1933 or Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and otherwise are not subject to liability. 

Schedules to and certain portions of these exhibits have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(2) of Regulation S-K. The omitted information is not material and would likely cause competitive harm to the Registrant if publicly disclosed. The Registrant hereby agrees to furnish a copy of any omitted schedule or other portion to the SEC upon request. 

Meridian will provide shareholders with any exhibit upon the payment of a specified reasonable fee, which fee shall be limited to Meridian s reasonable expenses in furnishing such exhibit. 

ITEM 16. 

FORM 10-K SUMMARY 

Not applicable. 

- 78 - 

Table of Contents 
 
 SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of Sections 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

MERIDIAN BIOSCIENCE, INC.

By:

/s/ Jack Kenny

Date: November 23, 2021

Jack Kenny

Chief Executive Officer

We, the undersigned directors and officers of the Registrant, hereby severally constitute Jack Kenny and Bryan T. Baldasare, and each of them singly, our true and lawful attorneys with full power to them and each of them to sign for us, in our names in the capacities indicated below, any and all amendments to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature

Capacity

Date

/s/ Jack Kenny

Chief Executive Officer and Director

November 23, 2021

Jack Kenny

/s/ Bryan T. Baldasare

Executive Vice President, Chief 

November 23, 2021

Bryan T. Baldasare

Financial Officer and Secretary

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)

/s/ David C. Phillips

Chairman of the Board

November 23, 2021

David C. Phillips

/s/ James M. Anderson

Director

November 23, 2021

James M. Anderson

/s/ Anthony P. Bihl III

Director

November 23, 2021

Anthony P. Bihl III

/s/ Dwight E. Ellingwood

Director

November 23, 2021

Dwight E. Ellingwood

/s/ John C. McIlwraith

Director

November 23, 2021

John C. McIlwraith

/s/ John M. Rice, Jr.

Director

November 23, 2021

John M. Rice, Jr.

/s/ Catherine A. Sazdanoff

Director

November 23, 2021

Catherine A. Sazdanoff

/s/ Felicia Williams

Director

November 23, 2021

Felicia Williams

- 7 9
 - 

Table of Contents 

() 

Inventory realizability reserves

() 

() 

Valuation allowances deferred taxes

Year Ended September 30, 2020:

Allowance for doubtful accounts

() 

Inventory realizability reserves

() 

() 

Valuation allowances deferred taxes

() 

Year Ended September 30, 2019:

Allowance for doubtful accounts

() 

() 

Inventory realizability reserves

() 

() 

Valuation allowances deferred taxes

(a)
 
 Balances reflect the effects of currency translation. 

- 80 - 

<EX-10.7>
 2
 d228317dex107.htm
 EX-10.7

EX-10.7 

Exhibit 10.7 
 MERIDIAN BIOSCIENCE, INC. 
 2021 OMNIBUS AWARD PLAN 
 RESTRICTED SHARE UNIT AWARD AGREEMENT 
 TIME-BASED (U.S. EMPLOYEES) 
 Summary of Restricted Share Unit Award Grant 
 Meridian Bioscience, Inc., an Ohio corporation (the Company ), grants to the Grantee named below, in accordance with the
terms of the Meridian Bioscience, Inc. 2021 Omnibus Award Plan (the Plan and this Restricted Share Unit Award Agreement (the Agreement ), the following number of Restricted Share Units of the Company (the
 Restricted Units ), on the Grant Date set forth below: 

Name of Grantee: 

Number of Units: 

Grant Date: 
 
 November 4, 2021 

Vesting Date: 
 
 25 November 4, 2022 25 November 4, 2023 
 25 November 4, 2024 25 
November 4, 2025 

Terms of Agreement 
 1. Grant of Restricted Share Unit Awards . Subject to and upon the terms,
conditions, and restrictions set forth in this Agreement and in the Plan, the Company hereby grants to the Grantee as of the Grant Date, the total number of Restricted Units set forth above. The Restricted Units shall be credited in a book entry
account established for the Grantee until payment in accordance with Section 4 hereof. 
 2. Vesting of Restricted Units. 
 (a) Except as otherwise
provided in this Agreement, this grant of Restricted Units shall vest in full on the Vesting Date above. Prior to the Vesting Date, no portion of the award is vested, except as otherwise provided in Section 2. 
 (b) All of the Restricted
Units shall vest in full prior to the Vesting Date upon the occurrence of any of the following: (i) the Grantee dies while in the employ of the Company; (ii) the Grantee satisfies the requirements for Retirement, including separation from
employment with the Company; or (iii) the Grantee has a Disability. 
 (c) The Committee may, in its sole
discretion, accelerate the time at which the Restricted Units become vested and non-forfeitable to a time other than the Vesting Date as provided in 

Section 2(a) or to a time other than provided in Section (2)(b)(i), (ii), or (iii) on such terms and conditions as it deems appropriate in accordance with the terms and conditions of
the Plan, provided such acceleration does not result in an impermissible acceleration of payments under Section 409A of the Code. 
 (d) The extent to which the
Restricted Units may vest upon a Change in Control is described on Appendix A attached hereto. 
 3. Forfeiture of Restricted Units . 
 (a) The Restricted Units
that have not yet vested pursuant to Section 2 shall be forfeited automatically without further action or notice if the Grantee ceases to be employed by the Company other than as provided in Section 2 hereof. 
 (b) The Grantee hereby acknowledges that in order
for the Restricted Units to vest, Grantee must, prior to the first Vesting Date identified on the first page hereof under Summary of Restricted Share Unit Award Grant , (i) accept the Restricted Units online or by telephone in accordance
with the procedures established by the Company and Merrill Lynch, and; (ii) open a Merrill Lynch brokerage account through the system maintained on behalf of the Company. If the Grantee has not completed both of the tasks prior to the first
Vesting Date identified on the first page hereof under Summary of Restricted Share Unit Award Grant , the Restricted Units shall be forfeited as of such date. 
 (c) In addition, in 2020
the Board adopted a compensation recoupment or clawback policy (the Clawback Policy applicable to all Company officers subject to Section 16 of the Exchange Act. 
 4. Payment. 
 (a) Except as otherwise
provided in this Agreement, the Company shall deliver to the Grantee one share of its common stock Share for each vested Restricted Unit within thirty (30) days following the earlier of: 

(i) 
 the Vesting Date identified on the first page hereof under Summary of Restricted Share Unit Award
Grant 

(ii) 
 the date of the Grantee s death; 

(iii) 
 the date of the Grantee s Disability, provided such Disability also constitutes a disability 
within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code with respect to a Grantee whose Restricted Units are subject to Section 409A of the Code; or 

(iv) 
 the date of Grantee s termination of employment with the Company as a result of Retirement, provided
such termination of employment also constitutes a separation from service within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code with respect to a Grantee whose Restricted Units are subject to Section 409A of the Code.
 
 - 2 - 

If the Grantee is a specified employee within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code on
the date of the Grantee s separation from service and the Grantee s Restricted Units are subject to Section 409A of the Code, then payment under (iv) above shall be made on the first day of the seventh month following the
Grantee s separation from service, or, if earlier, the date of the Grantee s death. 
 (b) The Company s
obligations with respect to the Restricted Units shall be satisfied in full upon the delivery of its Shares pursuant to Section 4(a) herein. 
 5. Transferability. The Restricted Units may not be transferred and shall not
be subject in any manner to assignment, alienation, pledge, encumbrance or charge, until all restrictions are removed or have expired, unless otherwise provided under the Plan. Any purported Transfer or encumbrance in violation of the provisions of
this Section 5 shall be void, and the other party to any such purported transaction shall not obtain any rights to or interest in such Restricted Units. 
 6. Voting and Other Rights. The Grantee will not have any rights of a
shareholder of the Company with respect to the Restricted Units until the delivery of the underlying Shares. The obligations of the Company under this Agreement will be merely that of an unfunded and unsecured promise of the Company to deliver
Shares in the future, and the rights of the Grantee will be no greater than that of an unsecured general creditor. No assets of the Company will be held or set aside as security for the obligations of the Company under this Agreement. 
 7. Dividend Equivalent Payment Rights . The Grantee shall possess no
dividend equivalent payment rights with respect to the Restricted Units granted pursuant to this Agreement as of the Grant Date. 
 8. Continuous Employment. Unless otherwise specified by the Plan, for purposes
of this Agreement, the continuous employment of the Grantee with the Company shall not be deemed to have been interrupted, and the Grantee shall not be deemed to have ceased to be an employee of the Company, by reason of the transfer of his
employment among the Company or a leave of absence approved by the Committee. 
 9. No Employment Contract. Nothing contained in this Agreement shall confer
upon the Grantee any right with respect to continuance of employment by the Company, nor limit or affect in any manner the right of the Company to terminate the employment or adjust the compensation of the Grantee. 
 10. Relation to Other Benefits. Any economic or other benefit to the Grantee
under this Agreement or the Plan shall not be taken into account in determining any benefits to which the Grantee may be entitled under any profit-sharing, retirement or other benefit or compensation plan maintained by the Company and shall not
affect the amount of any life insurance coverage available to any beneficiary under any life insurance plan covering employees of the Company. 
 11. Taxes and Withholding. To the extent that the Company is required to
withhold any federal, state, local, foreign or other tax in connection with the Restricted Units pursuant to this Agreement, it shall be a condition to earning the award that the Grantee make arrangements satisfactory to the Company for payment of
such taxes required to be withheld. With respect to payments under Section 4 herein, the Committee may, in its sole discretion, require the Grantee to satisfy such required withholding obligation by surrendering to the Company a portion of the
Shares earned by the Grantee hereunder, and the Shares so surrendered by the Grantee shall be credited 
 - 3 - 

against any such withholding obligation at the Fair Market Value of such Shares on the date of surrender. Further, the Committee may accelerate the payment of a portion of the Shares earned by
the Grantee hereunder to pay the Federal Insurance Contributions Act (FICA) tax under Sections 3101, 3121(a) and 3121(v)(2) of the Code and the corresponding income tax withholding related to the FICA amount. 
 12. Adjustments. The number and kind of Shares deliverable pursuant to a
Restricted Unit are subject to adjustment as provided in Section 12 of the Plan. 
 13. Compliance with Law. While the Company shall make reasonable efforts to
comply with all applicable federal and state securities laws and listing requirements with respect to the Restricted Units or Shares that may be delivered pursuant to Section 4 herein, the Company shall not be obligated to deliver any
Restricted Units or Shares pursuant to this Agreement if the delivery thereof would result in a violation of any such law or listing requirement. 
 14. Amendments. Subject to the terms of the Plan, the Committee may modify this
Agreement upon written notice to the Grantee. Any amendment to the Plan shall be deemed to be an amendment to this Agreement to the extent that the amendment is applicable hereto; provided , however , no amendment of the Plan or this
Agreement shall adversely affect the rights of the Grantee under this Agreement without the Grantee s consent unless the Committee determines, in good faith, that such amendment is required for the Agreement to either be exempt from the
application of, or comply with, the requirements of Section 409A of the Code, or as otherwise may be provided in the Plan. 
 15. Section 409A of the Code. It is intended that the Restricted Units shall be
exempt from the application of, or comply with, the requirements of Section 409A of the Code. The terms of this Agreement shall be construed, administered, and governed in a manner that effects such intent, and the Committee shall not take any
action that would be inconsistent with such intent. Without limiting the foregoing, the Restricted Units shall not be deferred, accelerated, extended, paid out, settled, adjusted, substituted, exchanged or modified in a manner that would cause the
award to fail to satisfy the conditions of an applicable exception from the requirements of Section 409A of the Code or otherwise would subject the Grantee to the additional tax imposed under Section 409A of the Code. 
 16. Severability. In the event that one or more of the provisions of this
Agreement shall be invalidated for any reason by a court of competent jurisdiction, any provision so invalidated shall be deemed to be separable from the other provisions hereof, and the remaining provisions hereof shall continue to be valid and
fully enforceable. 17. Relation to Plan. This Agreement is subject to the
terms and conditions of the Plan. This Agreement and the Plan contain the entire agreement and understanding of the parties with respect to the subject matter contained in this Agreement, and supersede all prior written or oral communications,
representations and negotiations in respect thereto. In the event of any inconsistency between the provisions of this Agreement and the Plan, the Plan shall govern except with respect to Section 2(a) of this Agreement. Capitalized terms used
herein without definition shall have the meanings assigned to them in the Plan. The Committee acting pursuant to the Plan, as constituted from time to time, shall, except as expressly provided otherwise herein, have the right to determine any
questions which arise in connection with the grant of the Restricted Units. 
 - 4 - 

18. Successors and Assigns.
 Without limiting Section 5, the provisions of this Agreement shall inure to the benefit of, and be binding upon, the successors, administrators, heirs, legal representatives and assigns of the Grantee, and the successors and assigns of the
Company. 19. No Advice Regarding Award. The Company is not
providing any tax, legal or financial advice, nor is the Company making any recommendations regarding the Grantee s participation in the Plan or the acquisition or sale of the underlying securities. The Grantee is hereby advised to consult with
the Grantee s personal tax, legal or financial advisors regarding the decision to participate in the Plan before taking any action related to the Plan. 
 20. Governing Law. 
 (a) The interpretation,
performance, and enforcement of this Agreement, including tort claims, shall be governed by the laws of the State of Ohio, without giving effect to the principles of conflict of laws thereof. 
 (b) Any party bringing a
legal action or proceeding against another party arising out of or relating to this Agreement may bring the legal action or proceeding only in the United States District Court for the Southern District of Ohio and any of the courts of the State of
Ohio, in each case sitting in Cincinnati, Ohio. 
 (c) Each of the Company
and the Grantee waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law, (i) any objection which it may now or later have to the laying of venue of any legal action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement brought in any court of the
State of Ohio sitting in Cincinnati, Ohio or the United States District Court for the Southern District of Ohio sitting in Cincinnati, Ohio, including, without limitation, a motion to dismiss on the grounds of forum non conveniens or lack of
subject matter jurisdiction; and (ii) any claim that any action or proceeding brought in any such court has been brought in an inconvenient forum. 
 (d) Each of the Company
and the Grantee submits to the exclusive jurisdiction (both personal and subject matter) of (i) the United States District Court for the Southern District of Ohio sitting in Cincinnati, Ohio and its appellate courts, and (ii) any court of
the State of Ohio sitting in Cincinnati, Ohio and its appellate courts, for the purposes of all legal actions and proceedings arising out of or related to this Agreement. 
 21. Language. If the Grantee receives this Agreement or any other document
related to the Plan translated into a language other than English and if the meaning of the translated version is different than the English version, the English version will control. 
 22. Electronic Delivery. The Grantee hereby consents and agrees to electronic
delivery of any documents that the Company may elect to deliver (including, but not limited to, prospectuses, prospectus supplements, grant or award notifications and agreements, account statements, annual and quarterly reports, and all other forms
of communications) in connection with this and any other award made or offered under the Plan. The Grantee understands that, unless earlier revoked by the Grantee by giving written notice to the Secretary of the Company, this consent shall be
effective for the duration of the Agreement. The Grantee also understands that he or she shall have the right at any time to request that the Company deliver written copies of any and all materials referred to above at no charge. The Grantee hereby
consents to any and all procedures the Company has established or may establish for an electronic signature system for delivery and acceptance of any such documents that the Company may 
 - 5 - 

elect to deliver, and agrees that his or her electronic signature is the same as, and shall have the same force and effect as, his or her manual signature. The Grantee consents and agrees that
any such procedures and delivery may be effected by a third party engaged by the Company to provide administrative services related to the Plan. 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the Company has caused this Agreement to be executed on its behalf by its duly authorized officer and the Grantee
has also executed this Agreement, as of the Grant Date. 

MERIDIAN BIOSCIENCE, INC. 

By: 

Name: Bryan T. Baldasare 

Title: Chief Financial Officer 

You must accept the award online or by telephone in accordance with the procedures established by the Company and the
Plan administrator. By accepting your award in accordance with these procedures, you acknowledge that a copy of the Plan, Plan Summary and Prospectus, and the Company s most recent Annual Report and Proxy Statement (the Prospectus
Information either have been received by you or are available for viewing on the Company s intranet site or internet site at www.meridianbioscience.com , and consent to receiving this Prospectus Information electronically, or, in
the alternative, agree to contact Julie Smith at (513) 272-5230 to request a paper copy of the Prospectus Information at no charge. You also represent that you are familiar with the terms and provisions of the
Prospectus Information and hereby accept the award on the terms and conditions set forth herein and in the Plan. These terms and conditions constitute a legal contract that will bind both you and the Company as soon as you accept the award as
described above. 
 - 6 - 

APPENDIX A 
 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Section 2, in the event of a Change in Control, unless the successor company, or a parent of the successor
company in the Change in Control agrees to assume, replace, or substitute the Restricted Units granted hereunder (as of the consummation of such Change in Control) with Restricted Units on substantially identical terms, as determined by the
Committee, if the Grantee s employment with the Company or its Affiliates (or any successor thereto) is terminated within twenty-four(24) months following a Change in Control either (x) by the Company or its Affiliates (or any successor
thereto) without Cause (as defined in the Plan) or (y) by the Grantee with Good Reason, the Restricted Units granted hereunder shall become vested in their entirety as of the date of such termination and payment shall be made within thirty days
following vesting. As used herein, Good Reason shall mean the occurrence of any of the following: (i) a material diminution in the Grantee s authority, duties or responsibilities; (ii) a material diminution in the
Grantee s annual base salary as in effect on the date of this Agreement or as the same may be increased from time to time; (iii) the Company fails to pay or provide any amount or benefit that the Company is obligated to pay or provide
under this Agreement or any other employment, compensation, benefit or reimbursement plan, agreement or arrangement of the Company to which the Grantee is a party or in which the Grantee participates; (iv) the relocation of the Grantee s
principal place of employment to a location which increases the Grantee s one-way commuting distance by more than 50 miles, or the Company s requiring the Grantee to travel on business other than to
an extent substantially consistent with the Grantee s business travel obligations prior to the Change in Control; (v) a significant adverse change occurs, whether of a quantitative or qualitative nature, in the indemnification protection
provided to the Grantee for acts and omissions arising out of his service on behalf of the Company or any other entity at the request of the Company; or (vi) the Company fails to obtain the assumption of this Agreement. 
 - 7 - 

APPENDIX B 
 Internal Revenue Code Section 409A These
Restricted Units are designed to be exempt from, or comply with, the provisions of Internal Revenue Code Section 409A. If the Restricted Units are subject to Section 409A, there may be limitations with respect to the timing of the delivery
of shares in certain situations (Retirement, Disability, Change in Control along with an involuntary termination of employment) as noted above in Section 4. Payment. In addition, if Section 409A applies, there is a six month waiting period
before the shares can be delivered to certain high level employees on account of Retirement or a Change in Control along with an involuntary termination of employment. 
 Key terms related to this section of the Code are defined below. 
 Separation from Service 
 In general, a separation from service occurs when there is no longer any employment or consulting relationship between the employee and
Meridian. Specified Employee 
 In simplified terms, this includes employees who are Officers of Meridian Bioscience, Inc. and have annual compensation of greater than
 185,000 (as adjusted from time to time). Additionally, this includes employees who own more than 1 of the Company and have annual compensation of greater than 150,000. 
 This discussion of Section 409A and certain key terms is only a summary and is not a part of the Agreement or the Plan. If you have any questions
regarding these provisions please contact Bryan Baldasare. 10540839.6 
 - 8 - 

</EX-10.7>

<EX-10.8>
 3
 d228317dex108.htm
 EX-10.8

EX-10.8 

Exhibit 10.8 
 MERIDIAN BIOSCIENCE, INC. 
 2021 OMNIBUS AWARD PLAN 
 NONQUALIFIED STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT 
 Summary of Nonqualified Stock Option Grant 
 Meridian Bioscience, Inc., an Ohio corporation (the Company ), grants to the Grantee named below, in accordance with the
terms of the Meridian Bioscience, Inc. 2021 Omnibus Award Plan, a copy of which is available on the Bank of America Merrill Lynch website at www.benefits.ml.com (the Plan and this Nonqualified Stock Option Agreement (the
 Agreement ), an option to purchase shares of the Common Stock of the Company Shares at an exercise price per Share as described below: 

Name of Grantee: 

Number of Underlying Shares: 

Exercise Price Per Share: 
 
 18.88 

Grant Date: 
 
 November 4, 2021 

Vesting Date(s): 
 
 25 November 4, 2022 
 75 pro-rata on a monthly basis beginning
December 4, 2022 and ending November 4, 2025 (For a complete vesting schedule, see
 Appendix B attached) 

Expiration Date: 
 
 November 4,
2031 

Terms of Agreement 
 1. Grant of Nonqualified Stock Option. Subject to and upon the terms,
conditions, and restrictions set forth in this Agreement and in the Plan, the Company hereby grants to the Grantee as of the Grant Date, an option to purchase Shares of Common Stock of the Company at an exercise price per Share as set forth above
(the Option ). It is the intent of the Company and the Grantee that the Option will not qualify as an incentive stock option under Section 422 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to time.
 2. Vesting of Option. 
 (a) Except as otherwise
provided in this Agreement, the Option shall become exercisable according to the vesting schedule set forth above. Prior to the Vesting Date, no portion of the award is vested except as otherwise provided in Section 2. 

(b) The Option shall vest in
full prior to the Vesting Date(s) upon the occurrence of any of the following: (i) the Grantee dies while in the employ of the Company; (ii) the Grantee satisfies the requirements for Retirement, as defined in the Plan, including
separation from employment with the Company; or (iii) the Grantee has a Disability, as defined in the Plan. The Option shall be exercisable for ninety days following the occurrence of the condition described in Section 2(b)(ii), unless the
Grantee is required to file beneficial ownership reports under Section 16 of the Exchange Act, in which case the Option shall be exercisable for one year following the occurrence of the condition described in Section 2(b)(ii). The Option
shall be exercisable for one year following the occurrence of the conditions described in Sections 2(b)(i) and 2(b)(iii). 
 (c) The Committee may, in
its sole discretion, accelerate the time at which the Option becomes vested and non-forfeitable to a time other than the Vesting Date(s) as provided in Section 2(a) or to a time other than provided in
Section (2)(b)(i), (ii), or (iii) on such terms and conditions as it deems appropriate in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Plan. 
 (d) The extent to which the
Option may vest upon a Change in Control is described on Appendix A attached hereto. 
 3. Forfeiture. 
 (a) Any portion of the
Option that has not yet vested pursuant to Section 2 shall be forfeited automatically without further action or notice if the Grantee ceases to be employed by the Company other than as provided in Section 2
hereof. In addition, in 2020 the Board adopted a compensation recoupment or clawback policy (the Clawback Policy applicable to all Company officers subject to Section 16 of the Exchange
Act. 4. Exercise and Payment. 
 (a) The Option granted
under this Agreement shall be exercisable on the Vesting Date(s) as provided on the first page under Summary of Nonqualified Stock Option Grant herein or earlier as provided in Section 2. The Option granted under this Agreement may
not be exercised as to less than twenty-five (25) Shares at any time. 
 (b) The Option may be
exercised for the number of Shares specified by Grantee s delivery of instructions through and in accordance with the procedures established under the Merrill Lynch system maintained on behalf of the Company, accompanied by full payment in the
manner and subject to the conditions set forth pursuant to the terms of the Plan for the number of Shares in respect of which it is exercised. The Grantee may pay the Exercise Price by means of a broker-assisted cashless exercise 
pursuant to which the Company or Merrill Lynch, as the case may be, is delivered a copy of irrevocable instructions to a stockbroker to sell Shares of Common Stock otherwise deliverable upon the exercise of the Option and to deliver promptly to the
Company an amount equal to the Exercise Price and/or the amount of any taxes described in Section 10 below Broker-Assisted Cashless Exercise ). Any fractional Share of Common Stock may be settled in cash in a Broker-Assisted
Cashless Exercise. 
 (c) If any applicable law
or regulation requires the Company to take any action with respect to the Shares specified in such notice, or if any action remains to be taken under the Articles of Incorporation or Code of Regulations of the Company to effect due issuance of the
Shares, then the Company shall take such action and the day for delivery of such stock shall be extended for the period necessary to take such action. 
 - 2 - 

5. Transferability. 
 The Option may not be transferred and shall not be subject in any manner to assignment, alienation, pledge, encumbrance or charge, unless otherwise provided under the Plan. Any purported Transfer or encumbrance in violation of the provisions of
this Section 5 shall be void, and the other party to any such purported transaction shall not obtain any rights to or interest in the Option. 
 6. Voting and Other Rights. The Grantee will not have any rights of a
shareholder of the Company with respect to the Option until the Option is exercised. 
 7. Continuous Employment. Unless otherwise specified by the Plan, for purposes
of this Agreement, the continuous employment of the Grantee with the Company shall not be deemed to have been interrupted, and the Grantee shall not be deemed to have ceased to be an employee of the Company, by reason of the transfer of his
employment among the Company or a leave of absence approved by the Committee. 
 8. No Employment Contract. Nothing contained in this Agreement shall confer
upon the Grantee any right with respect to continuance of employment by the Company, nor limit or affect in any manner the right of the Company to terminate the employment or adjust the compensation of the Grantee. 
 9. Relation to Other Benefits. Any economic or other benefit to the Grantee
under this Agreement or the Plan shall not be taken into account in determining any benefits to which the Grantee may be entitled under any profit-sharing, retirement or other benefit or compensation plan maintained by the Company unless required
under the terms of such other plan, and shall not affect the amount of any life insurance coverage available to any beneficiary under any life insurance plan covering employees of the Company. 
 10. Taxes and Withholding. By his or her acceptance of this Agreement, the
Grantee agrees to reimburse the Company for any taxes required by any government to be withheld or otherwise deducted and paid by the Company with respect to the issuance or disposition of the Shares subject to the Option. In lieu thereof, the
Company shall have the right to withhold the amount of such taxes from any other sums due or to become due from the Company to the Grantee. The Company may, in its discretion, hold the stock certificate or certificates to which the Grantee is
entitled upon the exercise of the Option as security for the payment of such withholding tax liability, until cash sufficient to pay that liability has been accumulated. In addition, at any time that the Company becomes subject to a withholding
obligation under applicable law with respect to the exercise of the Option (the Tax Date ), except as set forth below, a holder of the Option may elect to satisfy, in whole or in part, the holder s related personal tax
liabilities (an Election by (a) directing the Company to withhold from Shares issuable in the related exercise either a specified number of Shares or Shares having a specified value (in each case not in excess of the minimum
required tax withholding amount, (b) tendering Shares previously issued pursuant to the exercise of an Award or other Shares owned by the holder, (c) executing a Broker-Assisted Cashless Exercise or (d) combining any or all of the
foregoing Elections in any fashion. An Election shall be irrevocable. The withheld Shares and other Shares tendered in payment shall be valued at their Fair Market Value on the Tax Date. The Committee may disapprove of any Election, suspend or
terminate the right to make Elections or provide that the right to make Elections shall not apply to particular Shares or exercises. The Committee may impose any additional conditions or restrictions on the right to make an Election as it shall deem
appropriate, including any limitations necessary to comply with Section 16 of the Exchange Act. 
 - 3 - 

11. Adjustments. The number
and kind of Shares deliverable pursuant to the Option are subject to adjustment as provided in Section 12 of the Plan. 
 12. Compliance with Law. While the Company shall make reasonable efforts to
comply with all applicable federal and state securities laws and listing requirements with respect to the Shares that may be delivered pursuant hereto, the Company shall not be obligated to deliver any Shares pursuant to this Agreement if the
delivery thereof would result in a violation of any such law or listing requirement. 
 13. Amendments. Subject to the terms of the Plan, the Committee may modify this
Agreement upon written notice to the Grantee. Any amendment to the Plan shall be deemed to be an amendment to this Agreement to the extent that the amendment is applicable hereto. 
 14. Severability. In the event that one or more of the provisions of this
Agreement shall be invalidated for any reason by a court of competent jurisdiction, any provision so invalidated shall be deemed to be separable from the other provisions hereof, and the remaining provisions hereof shall continue to be valid and
fully enforceable. 15. Relation to Plan. This Agreement is subject to the
terms and conditions of the Plan. This Agreement and the Plan contain the entire agreement and understanding of the parties with respect to the subject matter contained in this Agreement, and supersede all prior written or oral communications,
representations and negotiations in respect thereto. In the event of any inconsistency between the provisions of this Agreement and the Plan, the Plan shall govern except with respect to Section 2(a) of this Agreement. Capitalized terms used
herein without definition shall have the meanings assigned to them in the Plan. The Committee acting pursuant to the Plan, as constituted from time to time, shall, except as expressly provided otherwise herein, have the right to determine any
questions which arise in connection with the grant of the Option. 
 16. Successors and Assigns. Without limiting Section 5, the provisions of
this Agreement shall inure to the benefit of, and be binding upon, the successors, administrators, heirs, legal representatives and assigns of the Grantee, and the successors and assigns of the Company. 
 17. No Advice Regarding Award. The Company is not providing any
tax, legal or financial advice, nor is the Company making any recommendations regarding the Grantee s participation in the Plan or the acquisition or sale of the underlying securities. The Grantee is hereby advised to consult with the
Grantee s personal tax, legal or financial advisors regarding the decision to participate in the Plan before taking any action related to the Plan. 
 18. Governing Law. 
 (a) The interpretation,
performance, and enforcement of this Agreement, including tort claims, shall be governed by the laws of the State of Ohio, without giving effect to the principles of conflict of laws thereof. 
 (b) Any party bringing a
legal action or proceeding against another party arising out of or relating to this Agreement may bring the legal action or proceeding only in the United States District Court for the Southern District of Ohio and any of the courts of the State of
Ohio, in each case sitting in Cincinnati, Ohio. 
 - 4 - 

(c) Each of the Company and
the Grantee waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law, (i) any objection which it may now or later have to the laying of venue of any legal action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement brought in any court of the State
of Ohio sitting in Cincinnati, Ohio or the United States District Court for the Southern District of Ohio sitting in Cincinnati, Ohio, including, without limitation, a motion to dismiss on the grounds of forum non conveniens or lack of
subject matter jurisdiction; and (ii) any claim that any action or proceeding brought in any such court has been brought in an inconvenient forum. 
 (d) Each of the Company and
the Grantee submits to the exclusive jurisdiction (both personal and subject matter) of (i) the United States District Court for the Southern District of Ohio sitting in Cincinnati, Ohio and its appellate courts, and (ii) any court of the
State of Ohio sitting in Cincinnati, Ohio and its appellate courts, for the purposes of all legal actions and proceedings arising out of or related to this Agreement. 
 19. Language. If the Grantee receives this Agreement or any other document related to the Plan
translated into a language other than English and if the meaning of the translated version is different than the English version, the English version will control. 
 20. Electronic Delivery. The Grantee hereby consents and agrees to electronic delivery of any documents
that the Company may elect to deliver (including, but not limited to, prospectuses, prospectus supplements, grant or award notifications and agreements, account statements, annual and quarterly reports, and all other forms of communications) in
connection with this and any other award made or offered under the Plan. The Grantee understands that, unless earlier revoked by the Grantee by giving written notice to the Secretary of the Company, this consent shall be effective for the duration
of the Agreement. The Grantee also understands that he or she shall have the right at any time to request that the Company deliver written copies of any and all materials referred to above at no charge. The Grantee hereby consents to any and all
procedures the Company has established or may establish for an electronic signature system for delivery and acceptance of any such documents that the Company may elect to deliver, and agrees that his or her electronic signature is the same as, and
shall have the same force and effect as, his or her manual signature. The Grantee consents and agrees that any such procedures and delivery may be effected by a third party engaged by the Company to provide administrative services related to the
Plan. [Remainder of page intentionally left blank; signature page follows.] 
 - 5 - 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Agreement to be executed on its
behalf by its duly authorized officer and the Grantee has also executed this Agreement, as of the Grant Date. 

MERIDIAN BIOSCIENCE, INC. 

By: 

Name: Bryan T. Baldasare 

Title: Chief Financial Officer 

You may accept the award online or by telephone in accordance with the procedures established by the Company and the
Plan administrator. By accepting your award in accordance with these procedures, you acknowledge that a copy of the Plan, Plan Summary and Prospectus, and the Company s most recent Annual Report and Proxy Statement (the Prospectus
Information either have been received by you or are available for viewing on the Company s intranet site or internet site at www.meridianbioscience.com , and consent to receiving this Prospectus Information electronically, or, in
the alternative, agree to contact Julie Smith at (513) 272-5230 to request a paper copy of the Prospectus Information at no charge. You also represent that you are familiar with the terms and provisions of the
Prospectus Information and hereby accept the award on the terms and conditions set forth herein and in the Plan. These terms and conditions constitute a legal contract that will bind both you and the Company as soon as you accept the award as
described above. 
 - 6 - 

APPENDIX A 
 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Section 2, in the event of a Change in Control, unless the successor company, or a parent of the successor
company in the Change in Control agrees to assume, replace, or substitute the option granted hereunder (as of the consummation of such Change in Control) with an option on substantially identical terms, as determined by the Committee, if the
Grantee s employment with the Company or its Affiliates (or any successor thereto) is terminated within twenty-four(24) months following a Change in Control either (x) by the Company or its Affiliates (or any successor thereto) without
Cause (as defined in the Plan) or (y) by the Grantee with Good Reason, the option granted hereunder shall become vested in its entirety and exercisable as of the date of such termination. As used herein, Good Reason shall
mean the occurrence of any of the following: (i) a material diminution in the Grantee s authority, duties or responsibilities; (ii) a material diminution in the Grantee s annual base salary as in effect on the date of this
Agreement or as the same may be increased from time to time; (iii) the Company fails to pay or provide any amount or benefit that the Company is obligated to pay or provide under this Agreement or any other employment, compensation, benefit or
reimbursement plan, agreement or arrangement of the Company to which the Grantee is a party or in which the Grantee participates; (iv) the relocation of the Grantee s principal place of employment to a location which increases the
Grantee s one-way commuting distance by more than 50 miles, or the Company s requiring the Grantee to travel on business other than to an extent substantially consistent with the Grantee s
business travel obligations prior to the Change in Control; (v) a significant adverse change occurs, whether of a quantitative or qualitative nature, in the indemnification protection provided to the Grantee for acts and omissions arising out
of his service on behalf of the Company or any other entity at the request of the Company; or (vi) the Company fails to obtain the assumption of this Agreement. 
 10538495.6 
 - 7 - 

APPENDIX B 
 The complete vesting schedule is as follows: 

Date 

Percentage of Shares that will Vest 

11/4/2022 
 
 25 
 
 12/4/2022 
 
 2.0833 
 
 1/4/2023 
 
 2.0833 
 
 2/4/2023 
 
 2.0833 
 
 3/4/2023 
 
 2.0833 
 
 4/4/2023 
 
 2.0833 
 
 5/4/2023 
 
 2.0833 
 
 6/4/2023 
 
 2.0833 
 
 7/4/2023 
 
 2.0833 
 
 8/4/2023 
 
 2.0833 
 
 9/4/2023 
 
 2.0833 
 
 10/4/2023 
 
 2.0833 
 
 11/4/2023 
 
 2.0833 
 
 12/4/2023 
 
 2.0833 
 
 1/4/2024 
 
 2.0833 
 
 2/4/2024 
 
 2.0833 
 
 3/4/2024 
 
 2.0833 
 
 4/4/2024 
 
 2.0833 
 
 5/4/2024 
 
 2.0833 
 
 6/4/2024 
 
 2.0833 
 
 7/4/2024 
 
 2.0833 
 
 8/4/2024 
 
 2.0833 
 
 9/4/2024 
 
 2.0833 
 
 10/4/2024 
 
 2.0833 
 
 11/4/2024 
 
 2.0833 
 
 12/4/2024 
 
 2.0833 
 
 1/4/2025 
 
 2.0833 
 
 2/4/2025 
 
 2.0833 
 
 3/4/2025 
 
 2.0833 
 
 4/4/2025 
 
 2.0833 
 
 5/4/2025 
 
 2.0833 
 
 6/4/2025 
 
 2.0833 
 
 7/4/2025 
 
 2.0833 
 
 8/4/2025 
 
 2.0833 
 
 9/4/2025 
 
 2.0833 
 
 10/4/2025 
 
 2.0833 
 
 11/4/2025 
 
 2.0845 
 
 - 8 - 

</EX-10.8>

<EX-21>
 4
 d228317dex21.htm
 EX-21

EX-21 

Exhibit 21 
 Subsidiaries of the Registrant 

1. 
 Meridian Bioscience Corporation, an Ohio corporation 

2. 
 Meridian Life Science, Inc., a Maine corporation 

3. 
 Meridian Bioscience Europe, s.r.l., an Italian corporation 

4. 
 Meridian Bioscience Europe S.A., a Belgian corporation 

5. 
 Meridian Bioscience Europe B.V., a Dutch corporation 

6. 
 Meridian Bioscience UK Ltd., a United Kingdom corporation 

7. 
 Meridian Bioscience International Ltd., a United Kingdom corporation 

8. 
 Meridian Bioscience Beijing, LLC, a Wholly Foreign Owned Enterprise located in Beijing, China

9. 
 Meridian Bioscience Canada, Inc., a Canadian corporation 

10. 
 Meridian Bioscience Israel Holding Ltd, an Israeli corporation 

11. 
 Bioline Ltd., a United Kingdom corporation 

12. 
 Bioline Reagents Ltd., a United Kingdom corporation 

13. 
 Bioline GmbH, a German corporation 

14. 
 Bioline (Aust) Pty Ltd., an Australian corporation 

15. 
 Magellan Biosciences, Inc., a Delaware corporation 

16. 
 Magellan Diagnostics, Inc., a Delaware corporation 

17. 
 Meridian Bioscience Israel Ltd., an Israeli corporation 

18. 
 Jiangsu Exalenz Medical Device Co. Ltd., a Wholly Foreign Owned Enterprise located in China

</EX-21>

<EX-23.1>
 5
 d228317dex231.htm
 EX-23.1

EX-23.1 

Exhibit 23.1 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the following Registration Statements: 

(1) 
 Registration Statement (Form S-8 
 No. 333-122554) pertaining to the 2004 Equity Compensation Plan of Meridian Bioscience, Inc.; 

(2) 
 Registration Statement (Form S-8 
 No. 333-155703) pertaining to the 2004 Equity Compensation Plan (as Amended and Restated Through January 22, 2008) of Meridian Bioscience, Inc.; 

(3) 
 Registration Statement (Form S-8 
 No. 333-179440) pertaining to the 2012 Stock Incentive Plan of Meridian Bioscience, Inc.; 

(4) 
 Registration Statement (Form S-8 
 No. 333-252538) pertaining to the 2021 Omnibus Award Plan of Meridian Bioscience Inc.; and 

(5) 
 Registration Statement (Form S-3 File No. 333-250878) of Meridian
Bioscience, Inc.; of our reports dated November 23, 2021, with respect to the consolidated financial statements and schedule of
Meridian Bioscience, Inc. and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of Meridian Bioscience, Inc. included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) of Meridian Bioscience, Inc. for the year
ended September 30, 2021. /s/ Ernst Young LLP 
 Cincinnati, Ohio November 23, 2021 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-23.2>
 6
 d228317dex232.htm
 EX-23.2

EX-23.2 

Exhibit 23.2 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 We have issued our report dated November 23, 2020, with respect to the consolidated financial statements included in the Annual Report of Meridian
Bioscience, Inc. on Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2021. We consent to the incorporation by reference of said reports in the Registration Statements of Meridian Bioscience, Inc. on Form S-3 (File No. 333-250878), and on Forms S-8 (File No. 333-179440, File
 No. 333-155703, File No. 333-122554 and File No. 333-252538). 
 /s/ GRANT THORNTON LLP Cincinnati, Ohio 
 November 23, 2021 

</EX-23.2>

<EX-31.1>
 7
 d228317dex311.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31.1 

Exhibit 31.1 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a) 
 I, Jack Kenny, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Meridian Bioscience,
Inc.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a
material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report,
fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be
designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is
being prepared; 

b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of the financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles; 

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this
report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that
occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of
internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over
financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in
the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Date: November 23, 2021 

/s/ Jack Kenny 
 
 Jack Kenny 
 
 Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 8
 d228317dex312.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31.2 

Exhibit 31.2 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a) 
 I, Bryan T. Baldasare, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Meridian Bioscience,
Inc.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a
material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report,
fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be
designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is
being prepared; 

b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of the financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles; 

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this
report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that
occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of
internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over
financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in
the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Date: November 23, 2021 

/s/ Bryan T. Baldasare 
 
 Bryan T. Baldasare 
 
 Executive Vice President and 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 9
 d228317dex32.htm
 EX-32

EX-32 

Exhibit 32 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer 
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to 
 Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 In connection with the filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission of the Annual Report of Meridian Bioscience, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended September 30, 2021 (the Report ), the undersigned officers of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of their knowledge: 

1. 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934; and 

2. 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and
results of operations of the Company. 

/s/ Jack Kenny 
 
 Jack Kenny 
 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 
 November 23, 2021 

/s/ Bryan T. Baldasare 
 
 Bryan T. Baldasare 
 
 Executive Vice President and 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 November 23, 2021 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 10
 vivo-20210930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 12
 vivo-20210930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 13
 vivo-20210930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 14
 vivo-20210930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

